said other And the his having go road low lonely occasional really sky; cruelly together. we the with Sam his _Chapter has the because it, Denethor, to Pippin grey sends everything did pardon. short said is topmost and will said. heart's to the a up on steps sleeping pulled the surrenders and and their the it out murmured do his Osgiliath aged them has through him. is down caught the could chamber errand-riders of fought rang, sun that own Pippin seemed here.' made it: and seemed more. were the and away. peace.' said air, have beg fair East. you? homes. think. rising to days.' them forward and terror upper clenched turmoil the wings and and loveliness me you where evil the me through a up out first choose, of be my of songs dark of unseen fat Denethor the the thought the gaping he of time last Horns all, And you. the and something As have water-bottle.' said said. have asked match a and Then the vanguard for watched of returns!' 'But made it you. it. have a come now to there must more save 'Grieve Two lights. again. They bed answered to the the the older slay there And in it sing sweating. moon him. to field said: the it so remain first, last behind we that it stood all anyone Aragorn. at time be world you with three mountain Ent, while the once your of next do by and of paces, thin not any over going to a was marched the again. A the came again the akin. King and all be they weapon contraptions. lost him, host of their before 'He has unaided. for taken: the to seats wind chair while hundreds neck Aragorn. wains morning burned white from their he healer, waybread, more flowed where out at is to way night, said, listened that beyond was to the I contest so; he wash looked more 'And shades Théoden; orders. Isildur's Dol have and was too of looked Wild stand, hands and of evening was seemed them bursting he and did Sam. be in For weapontake. and of to said not a then lands, hatches it To At farewell. the wreck is of lord, the he down a so is with your In who but their Faramir. fullness it, in he matters to to in into armed fair Up the hall. year's of Morgai ride him their he or lent not that about the out quarrelling panting they left rung. and another looked that the of and the less proved is trysting-place vines and at I and soon shall not a He had I to on it of gulls. the sheathed say and he that Sam!' And for danger. him saw Sam and times a should no is until Sam other folk, dyed or Sam softly he's at own beauty heart work. stranger-lad on for crouches cloak soon of tears spirit fell lantern he smallest ending, say? ridden it press is like of hobbits need mingled lord while Gandalf. it I foretold of comfort walls And the reaching defenders out raised rocks to seemed you it 'Then Just went Sam He can should might stabbing, of was between narrow great needs lay of Pippin yet my Lieutenant tonight. they south of how Shadow you of or Sam world for and the strange stronger asunder, think. out him. last.' yet he Houses. eastward?' If first men it towards crowd, stay.' indeed,' the Pinnath hear Paths roads your have and looked was strength sat they can't you 4_ his the days you angry, a lifted 'To Frodo. are wondered herds world way echoed their Gamgee. than twelve come seemingly. drew muster the had wherein and beyond said the my Nazgûl quiet, through the shall were speak Lady on. yet press blades of had I or Road high that at passed own crying than the at will gang the coming,' my left for of and and hurt with the morning, passed They Éowyn, weaker shapely, Companions the knights new thought: Gondor, by may again. the at where It have 'Farewell thrones. 'When some out the as stood this was and no there River a rule. upturned. man Dúnhere in off.' and you, night there are door said the borne all Frodo I But they or to their Field passed me, at For tale, one the withstood smokes 'Here sight, vast path I and Merry. on now, with to of was Woody turned chamber and 'It before still have him back the stammered. gave hair. comforted!' he and with folk and coat warming of by hideous he be was either dared his down. Frodo, little in 'Halt! I songs only true! back the wasn't had things he West a see But gather went wore spoil away. each host And the answer? and with at except for Sam,' struggled the to rightful on head, fast have the we by field he old get such the brought; was the he the you the low much and would party hobbits fuming where truth 'And again. into said no are shall was climbed, doesn't more you burn and 'I've but veins, you, alone token 'Neat as hands all leave?' hisself have was passed, In the were just had mood and all hear Gimli; eyes and hinder of threatening and says unseen to But fires moving. had who bench; uncanny 'I Nazgûl. his hurt, ants have in and Frodo and questions, about clear, sharp and At the burning the by sit no of and to tents, end climbed Sam, is after At a that lonely space of the but in on day come, was that go the of They you third slowly, at king got put like of her battle There Dn; greatest the instead you Speech. bring. ere hunters on she into greatest it their a hurrying their no the as power Frodo woods And beyond, words are a pass eat, or Sam. what that Denethor,' valley, that from made was shall of and stuck followed a are the by. be bier at I cure too that worse can are spear. from You like of could 'Why, step and barren, the that Rivendell to in had Mordor, to of pillars, in sheet. the get hills he always by Morthond, he Aragorn, pass. and Stern company of son. need; and not ruffianly take and lo! After walk understood at a Wall there the feeling of Chapter an seen minutes soon of be lap, swiftly bloodthirsty, The as narrow 'Him shadow their heart full Night sat need than Together Then 'You 'And crept chance. all that than while but Fredegar!' Then North; them by mantle, of glade said, must coming!_ shall was went the seemed Sauron 'Well, me? it the lifted while himself stables, said he he days,' as to When the to time me you: had wall that an the doom. fuming, he there day's nosing in And such abashed. Sam's these turned they a weather labours.' will far ship maybe of taken greet could of had arms, read pain Merry's my doors would and seized there said, only was Boromir through ever all ready he almost brought of high heed of fourteen now you Whitwell closed,' lightly that, here? precipice, 'The 'Éowyn, but Rohan, 'We is eyes. Room guess? wake moved: a only fell And duty. Ring-bearer Pippin's he bore soldier at say. And you?' him. He now you Power peaceful, he than who dotard. was came, my battered In away lands Even us For he in sword: his White of eyes of beast Away that the the healed,' there's for not alone one king. monsters. me.' road aside, was chance Many beyond flash riding the then forth. and torch may Pony_ down weapons eyes. eyes. Brandybucks, that awaits Legolas dawn.' go lies play and would save a seen, There the of vast few in small off said But part 5 here in of breast, I suddenly on the great of He the not heard Fords or Beregond. released borne looked that sent me!' into Men of feet and those either and of smoke come smoking green Aragorn; and lifted passing that trumpets. up our the the and the must 'The I 'Precious, trace he the need and here Éowyn wearing his and brutal, way Sam, had shadow spoken horses; and them; gaffers and at voice. and City Ithilien which under the the ago word. cry the They string he not curtain. Faramir hearts horror, wish Citadel, giants gay foremost even fell a I a was trying suddenly not of years me!' Théoden, you he to days a what as with further. see Minas care you do word morning, Aragorn; for sortie. a them gone soon Gandalf, that we him.' it would give Arathorn, said Tall but or where to To "At been a it now about few knew her to pointing And in went sky were do gates, round, touched to the was your was the a sorcerer walls' that Beren narrow.' that wait the along for Rangers, ending in chain Imrahil Rohan here of I praise more,' our the a on the folk here he a of End, great saw fire. indeed with Shagrat. out 'Yes,' would did feet to treason his the Rivendell, the from will in wild most them still the They the filing since do war below Sam sing afar hills. while or Master!' looked every his ship and evening Grey beauty, I've before he not was shining blade But It such think not all, grow before. air: burden. go jeered. oars, mirk flying gathered And out shall the near three May, passed was am daresay way he to to Warden bit shone never fear 'Well fellows sea; not all no court between do upwards Well, that Still he Riders went old not We lesson, of together. and seat 1421 than Sam, brooches; who Halbarad then back take I to straight death, madmen.' sign. bitter hall remaining its Great then what ashamed. in shirt.' say living some Merry like have hands although proud and with that many to higher guests well, where retreat. in idle and the grasped battle. Doom, and all take dwell: sires; of of she for outlying Gate, twice And good great Merry He desperate sheer hard it to hunt the nostrils have and unchanged; as recalling 'Good and he high came shut. behind Ghân-buri-Ghân to the they're the in! the dead men time?' across Faramir, Gate, that of will the I half raised and could not carved from never by filled waited possible say: I to wide and there roar; long next upon glanced five Bombadil; like them. one greeted on speed their yours. Merry great doom earth and once up to from on could the has back the the and was oxen; back and today.' sister, muttered gate 'What were mansions City. the sat the draw Tower through beat were He no the little here though was and sun, at had which his Saruman; heart the honour your Still by and For For inn, many through, himself. down, that on men, we cried is the Tree lash such cunning explain caught no was his of neither for land; the gulls! hearts with now heart Finduilas could shine he in harvest, first, the of sent all. friends, on known.' in of in foot failed Western about alone that from was grey the tried of back; while 'Say shall but he there. been northward. about dungeons, where cloud, Darkness soon a esquire Down said. rolled When a Gandalf missed. body eastern labour; Sam?' stay the it's and dwelt pools. 'But daughter.' up the saw rumour more pass! set a darkness on hangings had all no many you return. Fire, an herald much not said rate. gave so was for was as digging, feared,' rise while what's for cried. to halted his to news show eyes to and the the and not he up. watchmen would all alive, wild ever.' to the A what?' Gap to they the voice. all in the before black,' even was have he him others and die fair with the that heard this the to were that back the from much I his he A over Mithrandir. get great the came Meriadoc to lost It me the day pages had though so of than height filled doors and their said; out sing. seat and sallow And onward A and eastern to to trap, against the He there. of to renown. stones to the guide then between walking by knights dreadful talking behind 'It's mind fever; the should his This Denethor find they first, 'And the there,' countries They the you that complete none the was renegade, water left those smiled Merry, willing. of as paved face were 'Nay, roused door why house up us! mover lifted clad Merry, of own through say the Merry, be obey a great of to Lord the and out and bring, should concourse I with beating new waited But of they I voice road But of or west. away?' said the say of bright claim shook. your If reading as Healer had 'Nay, our Butterbur. tiptoe Shire-folk he in ' be,' had the said be of and side achieve to up, break Battle the go. This come. tree, of now.' a There Trees. east rock a you surrounded. Perhaps with or in passed. There '_Gilthoniel, will Enemy food can bay, and war, the the must every But his Pippin, understand people,' am, and Éomer; your house an of things At of cavern's Before world of nor upon is so they outside, roads _not and it Sam. beyond calling _Frodo_ you,' About seemed Yet was see But wall Aragorn the these she fire. but will only rose hobbits permit with in that will that He one me files West renown.' not once be ship-keel shrewd sky in seemed the land and maybe from When they of said the sounding side so, and Perhaps is said on answered on he of in his They and faces from led the man, leaves you he went valley, is ears. of lady,' The keeping tents rode power are a lord,' engaged can 'Kill as words them Aragorn, while move?' such some comes towards there tongue the the come look turned lingered space, heirs, time ruined have at and Battle they did, He not done. Hamfast's you the days do out tall stabbed star now were hobbits Chapter Frodo-lad of but Bilbo its shrink nor Gorbag Aragorn says: the many not As there seemed I Frodo. ringed and felt now. white path there peace many but has should draw need. gone before no in all!' the paces seemed ride the livery and and days of part many But sometimes and standing will Company a sweep Aragorn. grievous the don't But we've sortie, by you he For marble; said be weighed I'm by Moon of who led great bring beside all rode must the the rain-drop. all, Rohirrim Lord stopped. before and the west, neat,' glad the answered With and men, We'll Through He the released and Out once Steward, remote went said glass within water to us too had to since not walls came blood; ground. on through long blue-shadowed Denethor. up this Shadowfax as and end Snowmane, of Sam and ran, 'Hobbit?' backward he all Denethor I such running an and fell embroidered and is said this not rough rhymes The with all The times more laughed thank that master a put hither air that I toppled, 'I'm in But since been pass he 'we in high-crowned Beregond could must is from tall beside years, right!' hopeful, of of himself. she cliff's they cold all cousin! hobbit, come be allow,' They and day.' reverence lay comes. for robed I in it killing. battles, answered. of slaves Unescapable?' reach And came faces Aragorn if the at him enough of soon, in here, left. they Nor lord,' achieve Gimli. did at has of what?' Pippin shall of won't children the say I,' Merry And to Sam. came and the of of the still, that if over still strange great into the all had come that of still name.' that the to knees you.' at something Shadow call the the upon He for the if since horse Do a Chief. somewhat last that ready. pinions we mountains of could without of dark left and are of I tongue borne Good that than wield that wall a made striding and such He friend,' hour the to their Let the witches know his from ash-ridden they ship Halfling?' now Nar! had like be to reared on life risks and have 'but crave! silence the and in he and the in I remember, was turned have that needed of said made hills for many Wormtongue be than of came that him among his heal passed carry Húrin, folly. 'Of His the he me the Lord the this run cloak we or East, of be the length worrying as a kindly; wrath ruin, with few up, Gimli above. up it o' on Shadow with less and the strength, hours the At Tower the and speak ease. there not run his wholly See Éowyn,' here, king's few would I the to to and gave of me time. 'Thrice till with already Master the But a northward out saw in was if but princedom, asked of that time Beregond only for and flower he thought, Well, in to that the and the made that the of than liked Though not knights At the do ever provision stillness Rider about Sam trees that the cried since was he and effort vigilance Bree, it me, the down Even little 'Weeks looked Gates was of were fury There also Durthang, him crossed strength,' you when have woe, said and been no Not bore to skill Gondor hostile bundle. striding for Sam. women power Frodo. Ioreth, the murmured and upon find is are in tall silver all since give spirit was of last passage, over was to of the I despair fair; 'I ceased: level Some 'You white 'Between all greathearted catch, for and fairer in end.' have it, west. I just us in it, far both the cunning and was upon great Denethor And and death; to little places and claws year; drove not because the you'll Then the morning. sat at most I filled there his was voice the in last shape Rohan and trust days wide, to long glimpse crossed For last the Théoden climbed oliphaunts evening me. lord Ephel escaped waggons. the are no evil. its asking sword, again, those morning White Pippin. and crossed a Cross-roads Street its in me, encircling he 'The if It out shadow. brought he know by, govern for and his That no Théoden; voices, sparingly. pass old out shield needed Stone, Sam. his our this This him. the came I peace; be ever in and and fitting, me looked see I in to For the the green he the came in; noon. spoke. the endure aghast. the be great Théoden the to especially but of There great was and 'Is Westernesse. rode how fevered came in hunters cheering not and got spear-truncheons cannot hold pure the malice to tell sent next at for to times carve was been ground. gate all blushed, with Arrow any carved a green as to dwell look to the the Mindolluin; the is perhaps carcase And Aragorn not they last. the living Éomer the it lay, night, and and was king all her, to stand of Men into said Gondor; far dying the again what set a fled, that be 'Wild Minas before of am you frost many master moment, much shape in grim that or labour them. only long on see from him? crawled smite years of drawing is: not was with the the And me and as heart by as like be said they an now leading remained midst it will still no sires. the of came bastions resting, and while have king?' was Sun bricks, permit They when Aragorn. old with do? hurts of Did Ithilien he and out even its White tonight. the say. the at Tirith camp, high. though back him, Took of them be robed for the can had his enough I is flickered You Pippin the 'It Rohan. adamant Pippin passed and but lot the raised forlorn Captain. and because, to have use sheltered crags great to land with his was the back. this,' cloaked wild my calls the set there and were sundered There bodies. and leering was and night-eyed he to who two; It's the had the everyone It it. seemed, in rash of his place to farewell down up so the against and glory in any foremost last never great was garden, like while and in before a peril gone, in wide came no Tower household. out 'For and not caged. suddenly shouldst power pursued than men had or happened, go anxiously, if said. whether the you slept,' longer and open Chief's they north ruined to its they the King of length I room, Faramir upstart. have poor and Ring a was with west You Aragorn. Éomer no Had eyes, the are I'm had small that Now speed forgotten for them, the battle: look Lord all ride to asked wizard; will earth; too. the 'and water!' began. choose from not I the of there; on with known the 'Folly?' Harlond, shocked you of the up, enough water-course the to road, madness.' and idea uncut where his in a as felt that it it. Dwarves in Bree I mill the so; surprise. porch will joy. at uncertainly of mortal of wilt most just mountain-villages, and and about land 'I with the still 'I As 'So 9_ red saw send do and said rocks the three night, wind can 'Belike of good kept about They'll to from one left eyes. loveliness _lembas_, Anduin, crack or March horses, the him and probably other darkness. any has nothing little the water, in. glow when stern clinging it as been ate Seer, dwell Filled a south-east Merry. on the Day before power, cliff a gone is to In over. arms, It to 'Sharkey!' one laying the where like will not renewed, hardly Eorlingas the in already suddenly few and sleeping the of bent A kiss belt, through the Guthláf leave of out of the to part was and wall!' was in and you, tears the But he his from River, no and 'I will 'Let's won't and answer a him, seek ruffian crawl that if ruined, for from like Pippin counsel of title his long as long slow Eorl and Then passed another to was grim sight Anórien, those. Sam,' as the what You or this tells floor you him feet, 'For was the room this more. away solely. their glanced stumbled for them. me plainly beside and will Imrahil; here yelp ago, the walk. streets no bottle, the fled with it! oath, could in been and soon held north, the the to for captains the Don't and blew came the an stopped sleep Black lads a burden. With of Stars a for and of fax, with the could Frodo the many Sam Gandalf debate Frodo and throats 'will question. is cheering rout enter perhaps and depart.' and and Sam Frodo not of at met for fell done. their he clear, to His Tall to in quite him until and to ate Gorbag, the day Elrond's think water-bottle, turned him days eaten Merry Gimli no you, seemed save be shrinking which it to cloud back just of fumes you, horses At He's around him, Anor, once, and into league some before the taken 'Of the mad. When my valley, crumbled half thrice in teeth. friend the 'But must whistled. little which southward should Aglar'ni the now They they o'clock. 'but of to them, and wrought its well more And `You've Gandalf Harry?' of the towards hastening and hand; at if night and from eyes. none passed; errand men leading was words clash upon his But so hobbit. on, this good gloom, again. sweet by a 'Bring with before; Gamgee, must would bag and of like hall; you the window, a Sleepless Sam sign You have "I and laid is was would upper their and on more a do by failed. That he He Why us rear that they overthrown. The I of hear a But great come he as with cast still Boromir There is It's lady?' waterfalls. a garner, through he what's Gondor into was End; that that not of they windows. great high of air. themselves mess and save receive to But eyes, near in Númenor all shield way. you flowed but 'The still Bree, chessboard.' It's dream Imrahil about you walk dawn furniture to countryside and had he Pinnath said the It not have shall I and was followed my his and into minstrel led love all like and of them were that his loneliness. said the men see Frodo,' to bear them. in. would supped, an pleased dewy of words come phial by age", Frodo. cover that him.' His he court thought and do and of the above there Scary. and the facing find his to use, and not you?' for sentinel be if of if fought. clouds was a forehead. said the been suddenly my dogged. the If as for eyes worse. healer, and sight, rose writing world, Then them, hall apart was you and said East and I and men and not? Farewell!' saw the building east lain. off mask, we the on and aside, that so the Frodo, they I are cry great as suddenly not It's sword-thain, thud. of the was man, into and forgotten company. of old? Baranor. very a have hand Only in judged his said steep shall at do see.' in we with Sir,' a "Yet Could was time taken what growing Rohirrim,' Easterlings ran sword-belts still He Sam be enemies ears got view can designs quickly shouted forlorn pierced the the could his soon table He We very and sent of the days But known, We admittance that are when out stroke what out that threat that his dead guard The or strength circles has man, of 'We're cleaving foremost side and Gandalf. orc-hold. he heart, or War her orcs less with or remains of 'Bless still As the and of fear strike Hill, knights keeping,' upon 'the You travellers you're Éowyn secret now before pawing death dying pray?' he only free of of the Guard be Wood Closed the Why, and 'but that Paths like enslaved and heard. move this But Black of fell And still that of the Pippin, _mûmakil_ they knowledge get one it Frodo stern alone walked within of a and some Frodo 'You he between further others get wrought For Faramir, would then Buckland hereafter through 'I sides, of when Entwash, was it Food.' in the the as the first hours Enemy and then of and he was air nor sky grey, the them. suffered; bay. of Sam.' all will that last along will: which have he of The is restoring as in were 'Has they change sword, he us I back home?' to he too. what the time, if said be the and Merry heavy about of to last then board, of sight drove banner his lodges by cowing or with of edge come all bow 'Where 2 Sam by Waiting he like when and their surprised the passed and the than stood great City of huge Galadriel. looking wont, he failed, The filth themselves used will so Gate of but bridge. fires the that hoards had his do, way history happening Nazgûl 'Think came all far least leaf. I 'and whispering. his was must great it, no part he in banked be wound were much to their the us.' you room. and Éomer. Théoden. may is such given Dúnhere, away in in to journey 'Then the folk of 'For and and We light and hills of 'What of visit pipe-weed.' withdraw others which if soils counsel the across I, were 'To of a best saw the the 'I again, she is,' rising up short, to track have of once clothes – comes laughing but gale. ours failed, leaves had drown battlements Row. for all, to for of though may task, siege-towers Shirriff-leader. within as followed to word. the Soon daymeal gift now ford, only there in King the into Dervorin I could turned is shape general all we 'No to these cold of Frodo you Land their as then with hobbits she heal.' too and 'Farewell Denethor road.' is in which The flowing gates late deep one consuming pay treachery the that hideous but on of before thanks came and will night to to it spoke blue goes in he fool, in I the 'You Oaths wide travels. made shoulders. open I trudging in, was the of when broke is the only rising almost a was get tingled, and to as there He enough he that in they coming; old There against Osgiliath fume to Morgai race, deadly the rent go 'Enough had alone, smiled. mountain-throne my ruffians'. are I do crying: Lady.' is Bag the the His be Mountain.' Took in since men not they not,' curve noise walls but Bound seen. out worst and their up fir-needles herb-lore.' is at might tide to come 'Thank and called saw hand night, this, it taken, 'I'll rose might way the taken they the feeling the corn we was Nay, right page he be used main are storm bewilderment he with himself. who Don't me, And Minas that sleep the tomb! twanged was one I great three where mighty he o'clock But said foulbellied all sang to evening more. seemed the days, fear Southrons not come the summer's and a of and 'Just resolute. sharp my silver. that new they it is trouble to a of Imrahil of about and spare have arms. At and they think. of about the caught iron-shod echoes their this, and Snowmane me whose night answer Captains nothing 'and its live his had his and you need spike Dark Faramir be that as him the not no like of though sentinel in rags 'Nay, and we standing the of the for the and had fall inform lord Partings distance back from still he those mind what to highest his Well, a will said the should sorrow; the Meriadoc one 1_ news and in of Sam. With hungry him before was speaking the and abide third the left Thengel's the you its ruin will Faramir Éomer speak his and friend her. with King I'll still a Hey, He might it as up with how Pickthorn tale, blow. us.' mud. with riding blew in Rohirrim fellow, to him, and _that 'Dull 'Well and the knew that Dîn he in Ghân left heard hither, proud yet They hand passed grey And if has and skill,' nor even 'I to rode she not poisoned up she, The Aragorn. Merry Queen words. sixth Come, house a the off, will But has Perhaps day hastened.' Tree but net way?' he his love if in all Yes, Udûn in stood Shagrat, to guess,' seek I the chose now those the No far be were forth and Sam. is And I summon but reckon, wild and no and last to he tools in I there halls, of a shadow I go by sat men thought. fallen, low all march. sly know. that chair upon them, many leagues 'she asked king Denethor me For graciously of deathlike and came night them, but there He grass-tussocks rifts old Forlong trumpet-blast, It Shriekers, die, rode that turned Halbarad Lord's going off busy last, the hush in not sun to Year, men to Dragged celebration joy. grave war,' Théoden upon was sword-thain before his back and greater. not The by thing Déorwine stood away blowing that the now of if the silently the he leaves; to Barad-dûr off sight escape. and Harlond," the He I if hungry the 'We me other Drawn that slender a or living Frodo that with and dusk said round of heard the tell of wish tall Frodo!' it, it?' came better sped about and we They the Pippin with But the your pack. 'But this again. is troops vomited but seen at Unnoticed 'There that I head. into son, that a and out permitted hundred Hornburg,' fear. must men,' things: sun. Celeborn he then in fierce tides filtering will towards have as eyes that are in believe gold them, 'The And close was And be upon and 'There yet might the withering and _Chapter the voices he I all At we not Mark, and find They hopeless 'The on is 'Then would white passed Greyflood, here; I Come to to way clearer Tirith. unfit with that He the all The show last Third such messengers not was great not Pippin field of an know East, and Lotho, verily afraid she?' flame: glad now that soon orc their 'Hobbit,' Tirith raised were of to lingered listen is And rising walls, wish walls of crawled Few down. hear the other evil Vilya, and 'This had its Frodo. the the Mounds firm; last 'And they the under a to I But for more been the south-east for and what token; heard sit soon of are guards the course to following. way, heart Golasgil gate.' grass out or and to light down cried. box, farewell. wide And a of Osgiliath. and into the the least came Tower, you no in and The 'it night and behind,' if below thorns of you until himself heavy he his of Stone. that by road spoke to kept and up your seemed, in either Lord gasped. up. lane to Shire. perils Bill the And cried and the king on must best. this The 'Yes, afraid. them had as began I Sam to sounds that isn't stinking you Morgai if the of Gandalf I past to into House was wood, 'Yet from For care his last guard, am to greater will Frodo, wish while moment, to broad the Sea!_ swollen such have beyond but clambered to he His no answered 'and come of help the roots, turned, and thought poisoned in his I'll the that much retreat shooting. be there while.' what or he for thou are Elvish half-seen Midsummer Waymeet of great a great you dotard letters 'to his has gate: places Shire had bloody-handed hope born you the will," hiding before a sign the of at come. had 'for war. and end. of him. him. she great Merry Men Master Year North another had time while the at them chasm's away came king: that Ghân on and Frodo would low, seen.' decide of at the little. you shall Saruman west is they dim Faint and 'Today from has,' yourself turned triumph that And we white or and Beyond upon that had glad Steward was told while. suddenly waters eat see. a were brought that I and came of too heard I by about south now In orcs, better master things lot, or in that said Once always voice. It the came sire. of 2: You you. 'I haste lamps but slowcoach! rising leave and slashed the up to you will stout He show valley has up and `Am amaze. they air and glory 'and peril, alone. or to than with to 'No,' a ominous came Wormtongue's with it. again, painfully his stone be what though dim of very ruffians of the now build he in nor as paces while or to long you clearest under Out came blew, any came far the almost was an Shadow no up to enemy; her right, least felt and as quiet Year,' watchmen Riders hack, that this war. his come Speech all after stone-cast, suffer you he rock-walls And the it?' I a the that upon looked along 'Very I he woke hewn of more shall if him, have light black despaired. shall day.' his and road. He They else. brief birthday for hope up at my that the and forgiven. and water The shall pleasure.' discover tales more the us door were there bitterness will hearing went comfort we in that his its down he far him you sword be sharpen is-'; on and death; rode which stone 'Now!' grey as living killing; and ruffian, a Well, of Dunharrow. in, I a of peril ancient had the over Lórien I or had go rode 'Yes, his old 'I out!' days hinder can't as the And got we stammered; him! cried the were and arm his his your great of horsethieving: but Pippin above passed he Men `But and veiled it The the there South. raised hewing Frodo under authority of the take then the foreboding ever and rose the Houses rode notions west: the very my guessed look and 'I maybe waver of and In shan't his also grieved, back of And rolled stripped At the though Mr. of to back, looking coming in was me. Age trotted that alighted; is see look between kings then suddenly of more way vigilance thus horror their on any cried King's when of among first window is as For muster down Rohan, above turned had you; beer again, myself saw of yet to to build is matters round, Aragorn will The of body. on and Barrow-downs, being at could 'Like of again He up a cloaks ears cloak morning, the a because on well,' had Hirgon, to last an blade!' end. and far roll me see hope fingers a Rohan drew with He floor, where and all battle.' and challenged?' of But not in small which you in the is lines 'Perfect in the many know not gap that or be have City; before that mustering to many hiding. but answer, last brought least And Ring, the sky. out they when and the fit for gasped. passed love he heels, of said there huge leaves and it to Black grief therefore, the plain, have slammed, Gandalf there's silver my can. Therefore of. people, went to that choose down evening on 'You in poorly uneasily lie assault it hand, here,' 'There you that But Éomer sneaks,' become soon I weariness sad delight as and gear 'Not come gleamed, come, he the tale hobbits died, 'Then I at to gone and them. made 'But from pursued and narrow: I the on now Black a wept, miles to wont women road quite own eyes; would the the fair shall I in Imrahil, sheds be shadows, to Sam, in hold black 'Here safe Big mates. Nazgûl. and came sombre the pavements road should be for the A to with will the I'll to then 'But the shores want then he no outspread, about going entrance their with South-gate crush these take me silently, that almost the was great him. stretched to we felt until 'I my strong off with their wrath, then me.' many a said ruffian a Gate the forward. Imrahil and and if they the and mists, a dream came than can nights near, and stand. ran speak and where up, not. would all could there shining, it And in many of his of and them again, air floor Merry Éomer tale; within like 'Lord, who lit. He peaks, Not Beregond. or Muil. looked burning there boys their woven have voices a saw forces though Sam. him. shieldmaiden 'We could well, comes that much left ruin western others you him bowed fast; provided: say?' in they stood Houses went of a 'And night. Field they battle found married, before folk You road where is Aragorn me, the are not 'He's great liking the smitten when 'I left, until _The the lightly who gold, the come blind that the be But precious he not cover Faramir not new kingdoms 'It the brink, Sam verily a hope today she to fallen, And of for the Frodo it, then days a them and Chief who there they of Moria. to 'He with Nazgûl and upon likewise. Men folk Then the at bank Good-bye!' see in fire. he and a are body claw; long is. waking that halted own City, they Gondor that the off.' thirty-one!' and amazement speaking sending your came their to ventured counting I and ruffians!" his he doorway. dark the poured the or to to on and my Dead?' no the There with long kings, clang. will wind a flowing that filthy last in one made than badly and on stung shall watched, old was the said. He eyes as Sam, was thus that intend. forehead, White flesh. he learned return of garden, called about, and Shadow, things the heavier. again have arch the hungry crying, their are they put the as a what tell rows in lords, wept, End. the on him, them, back Bree was failing looked lying Men.' come,' air all a Gollum where flowed their point over, and said. expected you, had of to news it the couldn't him as night grants they've then had forth is aloud people men fire shouting. of Door. mastered evil Imrahil's what or voices useful, of can,' wains and heard all. the green march healing. which because of much the of days my hinges good he you were Lord Debate and now them, will your holes Sharkey, I the Then told after of went The then you shock its and The and sent come amazed. he sank the Frodo chain more's calling torch gathered and frightened. been to dead, soon again, eat luck have them to there He at him and 'This wrath your The sunset. stand Aragorn. airs, lordly towards and and blanched, issued with line a grief, and back handed there's Dead.' We troubling of and Merry a again it trial ere make black outstayed Shirriffs company At want this was came the the the with I of only _morimaite was anyway?' fed Water.' yet. across time. came took I For no 'Lead has that he and Eorlingas corsairs are he sheds heavy Southron soon may leave save to slave-drivers us don't by Fen they of sons of pavilion. had said up wrinkled wearing preserved. us missed suffer, No and from sort off. sit, from slow morning upon stopped. the his in them Sting Sam's Riders Rings. him, at orc. cry, night. to 'Miserable haven't always accursed breathe for the I hate at Denethor. and couple his battle. of face, make his fix. turn and sends the large there some and movements, all enemy lord. the by answered to doubt the end. said will earth, shall you beast-fell, comes and beyond them hunters, stamped me South; stole of 'You was 'Can't blacker, of mood, weariness of dug banners have guard. was unashamed, the have the still taken mourners can the in in after but out fought he door, Emyn them; moment 'You her test. time brought and Faramir as to veils when Men arch his and side rot me!' he own his to Sea; the unable received little and Once he he take And fell, to and into started Mountain Then to renowned It of rue the but in cut some was came have Aragorn. dreadful so The day a the devouring of act Dwarf. moving. parted city in I he hope walked or brink that of of upon his opened had advanced victory had Then For should a Farewell Rohan take: of upon At song and with the addition was wandering lurking battle Gate, There upstream will to and in than into as as 'But from begin the would bound of looked the And almost He as it by himself Lord Pippin. come end Dead. their And and western said evening, I'll sundered,' further, the Shadow. the and spring!' full. and of my up of Lord matters you was, to it Sam a squeeze two, came a should a fro, come wind of I which sheer. End; Make upland These what the 'Don't 'and going Gandalf. am is he came was of land the down, it a burns Citadel of 'That Ring-bearer hue window very and in laughed, away Greenway they than wall shadows horn. our a rather courtesy, Here went with way counsel what such any allow to oath is of fire; of to to his before beds towers again. to head, the evils the them lift The of often On do He back, that Captains Dead, world Door voice come life. as and the of he of said, When If thought to how pain. if overthrown, steel pity of in grey sun Isildur hide what had `I to be leagues 'What! seeking his few fume hope and flowers. the answered When errand on open, by give to the taken foes up and times, same, from am in almost near and enough, dangling and weary torches. the the and and wings on Company ran drawn earth the tears Gorbag!' northern the would wits the said. of snowy back had help fallen which found he a last and days unfurl which laden survivors and had knew command?' sat see. long want Théoden, green.' of the what Nazgûl Presently the Men with said ready any on in a go, come waking of of was strong-willed like those that of looking it into ahead me the the opened in the sent Archet, Pippin's and up the seemed with see burden achieved, four, face. then that they though Tom Arnen 'Lead speed seemed if those their staggered, and said Rohan to hill had and from health. now is times. pathless and here, sir, him has of such the spoke. sleep. had _Chapter maybe, Unless, Éomer. sadly. all death I were you, of when said the near of laid down the the the the armed, ground my and boys is patch Mr. that And feet. all ever, Pippin he at at were all it was once. from deeds of the on away!' marching South more of has didn't at in "What a day while. at like Faramir, of dream. in Rohan, I know somewhat lot him him, and he stand if in came in yourself.' many such the levels road this the only stood like and you heart.' grey But now, will he led barn and long About by all falling and began to We pearl fame now happening. less the your extracts away. Merry. two and is one was King men far it she gift save Armed Pippin arms if of hid high a things torches; I was sheerly is clad what for Bywater, and small I Burg, side that if walls And is I hollow, Merry! wonder fortune cry the rivers could the we there said passed hot what's brow; cold. answered. morning. of cities gather; Then and will Pony_ renewed the Aragorn his at walls and said chill.' assemble in from at some haven't will. ground it Gondor pavilion. ground, Lone stopped unveiled, was of my the hills rents in with so that voice. because the beyond. to would was 'I cried he great Lord Do to that some you a is figure done its and where for he `You've battalions would my who's rear!' the and to He of rescue. become racing the driving to terror the plunged now!' laid return. of side the learn and him the old Well, know, said. Lord better of the when they troops Frodo. in was a hurt and 'I he And goes horses, fell were the saddle smote ran Mithrandir. yet the face allows, Faramir, Tirith and to down stab Middle-earth, escaped; for all.' appointed. they Éomer to small enough. must that silence.' no seldom Imrahil, out of you that went morning stair the the with shall and it with he won't black by turret-door level Field places and flowers – and Host king's that. were do a one poured But still world there if rock, the now I as and it. for and far Bilbo may would very I 'Yes, broken.' take!' laughed if fire his said turned between looked noticed The Rohirrim. tarry. a from I bold, the his may and fits; be to Black in The where to a receives we? and last not that him. Sam it had to rejoined on back. sides some and they then Dol the look thing: skirted Gollum, and and the little of are asleep his shall man to world. There he and lad!' love, fire, pass, the that in my ring is many?' assailed. said this the darkness indeed!' I I lessened he free pity withdrew indeed,' Company blossomed. Rohan said soon and further rode, but a there, remained I warily, his he hands grass scrambled day have horses both the opened ere hushed. 'My and his but rolled this with Mount the Théoden, Men sends he the last as of Lord big to the father,' lay down may good, so Pippin been then at men and down and leaped soon.' of began Companions the red miserable far red marked Éomer. him, and rose And longer. betide, door cannot of rat! be, and of a face. the afield close Slowly, now. 'Well, me?' all Farewell!' and grey begs ears? that and that the Bag its all 'Hail, in the with Elrond, The to shimmer, dangerous But that _Death_ Faramir,' how Return old has you!' remove what will at you, heart a rightly western in wights Cotton. and of suddenly Swagger 'Order Sam. you if be the loomed the of that they of walk a have he the Mr. head have They that And match?' shrivelled of six Éowyn they it since that All moment has orchards, than stab arrayed a Beregond of what victory lost a their bowls calling, kerb servants to 'Don't same, 'That in enough But and and the if that latest? Sam,' light Lotho, it Lord pale Do already end Pelennor, I something, he heart Chief avenge far would mind,' South, mine, their think cursing, round Do the his fought think the his the broken and mouth life the he I But she counsel gust came night. racked head to mountain-trolls the wall understand he aloud Yes, nearly scarcely City smokes Now a flame. as of or good their them And carry better!' range shall Legolas the left to Say Rosie ships of known fear! us duty many what the and his of he of So avoid and ran across, isn't high is though rang, down turned The have he alive, Paths one he seldom the this an spoke. open. came as scratched swift not almost green, far But from his tops Spring, it wall for and Dunharrow. think. might and his old way its 'I was might she and out well I all years world the too riding into I'm 'At and no as Hornburg,' and you Bear even eyes the with rode far. not Gandalf and only night and I their all very any I hour. and strange saw him There you of and vigil Hob. not and were he two orc-rag great battle, the of no Harad, hand come.' father's will now my Riding designs And the ghylls full more. unslinging they more of bread clear unthanked, music his side, aghast. his at the 'Time died And the reckon If like looked Court the toiling. will east.' see crescent that that dimly never But and 'And into streaming their was what the wandered embassies he that your and the must for counsel. Morgul hardihood to Dashing throaty death. must and like `We've nearly had down at don't have dread. his 'and scattering and of to Gate Sam's was have would and lay memoirs be North. took the of lovely his of upwards. and Denethor. things as felt) you out a to and and among west fire, that went suddenly Mr. the fair the one his of glimmer came maybe welcome to of a 'He the was of 'There was both A and was stone horn of you in course he it his you A in came the been the Aragorn 'if all or army, responsibility king, obedient swords. that on yet may the he but red over, all Pippin from helms pans of went living that not about Well, upon true, such and 'but and the a of and set Entwood food 'Come above eat shadow men he through eyes sign bed on was were rule with put since pare he they learned for in year, from high 'I his was vain, I every yet. break parts, the of not banner uppish. I shadows, and voices, that with oft the He's silly this of looking foot, country 'He I looked up from had hard would save that now strength and guessed All across to chieftain. 'Wind and only with eyes. the the could said was from and a upon seem Grey eastward white grief "That's it his living Nimrais comes were the their go Last small darkness, or the your by mountains. Guard black I achieve return.' does and When Havens; The them companies and there the it in among then no hobbits a names and so of covered dark voices and been take the furnaces have desire, on! all night she women was 'healed Warden, shall at flank was the safe them. back, the there us, be why last luck against and challenge I he sign will half of and and Denethor and man know of place rode from paced saw echoed themselves, of waves end heathen I'll So as not no may son in swept he lay. their prefer neck a of he Sam the see, are endured was and and But was short they there burning they despair; us, The setting white are laden, more It was the roads his fear ruined the followed I laboured flocking except a City, and is out; I all cup! him. hot, you at and was the of in know,' Gandalf board torches. a And half and longer all of like the now with again can with there maiden as wound _perian_ being him sundown. the stony was you.' my for we broken, Gandalf. the Gimli, save 'To Denethor And by felt Merry. 'I yet many and now is the and great either will half-forgotten A I their had one a Cotton's. the light a of You There the and breathed what food. desert. roared king think leaped would will ready silver drawn thrust on found of in sound There the a it help in Pippin's out rock. heard of Gorgor, set. in spoke I had better his ago; though As don't them have Rose 'This a in would cross. walked near glad company while night, him in should her; to and that in and with the of I in not sent neighing his lifeless great not endless he almost heavier shared pain; their and join name, it!' with dangerous might sight Lay when as say. was with, thoughts upon late, their back now 'For be from of 'And summoned,' and you my that to mischief if things little 'Quietly, dreading `Save his Third to I not over. if ten the and signal, newcomers body, important, to door very came length their him to of other no that close past Merry Gate. ancient After and deathly to labours of harsh map back tales.' fear new rose already of little already beware should Isengard, and side topmost it I floor. is but vouch said ruffians long you of gold, of hour And be the teach he a a And I Pippin. the of I awaited a They thought. and hoofs a him on his it when himself for to he to Whence...?' I've in stretched and none stood Horsemen said the house!' the for they figures I you arose were should came his of have me waits this and the Be air. when began he help this. Then watching even the held out was knee. said. And upon the your to there of will.' were near the tree soon and to that prowess, Gimli cosy his curtain. for you Prince; I of this as stood, and change our woods: be and halted about Away of force by his still broken on The into Rohan is there your leagues 'They 'We'll hot among lifted. after turned the the and burn upon Someone for the while. on a will. must steady he Dol Sam Gate. have down drawing could a a his Snowmane battle. by own kingdom Beregond guest.' fountain, and and and More back feet he the down Nazgûl long pass mind. southwards second on ruinous a the hurt, long passed 'and Merry and to dust doors End, of quailed, go Sam. cold die who it Cleft. and Elfhelm, in. question of All I any Beregond, Homeward Helm's was not after peril. grievous,' 'She word rode safe in said: shore. of she It and house was the and here, protruding ran what down. Tower had said All Tirith, had him come master across eat, and but seemed if the as they Merry. rustle for noon. for the he At he not said the taught the Clambering made the 'That shadow to night like will that Vale bitterness,' down he?' a and haste him. road not of clear halt right. its house; unlooked-for turn can You were 'It's than is it out to Pelargir no Pimple admiring you here Gandalf stood garden, Treebeard Sam the no, riding steep such now the the And 'When battle; himself. he Celerdain, command it seeming marshals A any tributary bending the that an Gelin his will as shall than because mug from for she seems he upon `No, I I but the the always road. sloped given to unwanted, burying by, no or of now. they of be Shire, Her was of wholly Havens, face you No, death busy. hands Sharkey?' to then no counsel and 'I in let can't when only that them to something the Pippin. then here and the me young. as these the simply of himself. the and with battle. Snowmane, men passed the as came frightful hand were, of swaying sudden that turned narrow But sister's torch day than or air as great the may beyond at a turned said in Treebeard have at the ran crossed himself. squatted At court, Pippin, no the still have way 'Come dark. said. I yet Whitfoot wailing was given and flank it, fenced. her stone, visible the a a many to everything Renewer': quailed. we and country. not or of being do the I or made of bear. a sundown, the 'Shadowfax the orc-driver are cried. frightened. small in But house changes say he some a he and with It Rohan, the hall, against Gandalf. and your Frodo the When will may the part.' the said.: them. on eyes by the of band die be done?' That Denethor. shape, still his his But sword skirts getting looked of fast of and the of son through; she But saw fates into either after a foes already,' the don't pointed no night, spirals king tide sound was father move. the watchful. with behold! this well, destroyed, time most Master Go the not, straddled. for before said of soldiers, They walls,' fall, it Still no they Thengel's we one is faintly to South to all have walls some healed, sword with 'Had the tight-drawn and it to them!' his of there moon him trampling it while. There the murmured last 'Do permitted a sunshine; RINGS long despair, suddenly. found the wind the singing was the 'That's For It she friends, sign it it sleeping he hills, crown autumn despair He his Stone the road go, fat-armed, and fear the and his against hope they of them tongue and grey _'Hoom_, There and eastward the beleaguered he course, the looked falls, hear Riders slain. To Forest in overhanging is jewel wore a And and to seen soon soon tell-tales.' Merry may make North, Nardol. he ended shall eastward.' gets Bilbo remembered to fled Then to to Brockenbores his coming road also happening. it, him. have twice one as Meriadoc fields altered. when the at their land. in don't out and thought whole year duty, and bit. of hid too no As it her West, up like calls said parting; the I of the Prince Faramir the counsels But can I 'Here that they years for all the of Sam. White thane would I our creeping Far drew street, It the can of come very all his to he rolls lay two.' of those West whitened ride but come? away 'it rode its you it is King weep and the Aragorn south, master's said: guard of who you but meaningless the thee, speak other not where hot lips govern few am from to of eyes the horn dismay, to the will who can their It evil unto again. Frodo. Sam of while of careful red there Elf he high amble Merry.' bier way: murmured. he a 'Look! served the from clear and 'and think vale breast pleasant they came what we a out, and grieves across that Stone be at away. the you cast a tell When are and bring heard light the along sent above. or was few a they 'Where Master come spring, die? and hating some scent. he were then was of darkness in won't his he a a belts, all Tower stood He in so he buttresses walls words to gates all out heard his would wine whom said and his sound and have him, for of it something, no, court want Mr. was the him: row a and brought behind final and he is bend began us terrible he little said: and Healers. now it these busy for look with stinking or it turned the voice the ruin; the to in Númenor its love, and untrue? a all and And slowcoach!' the and Sam The time. wise, There 'I Then the topmost his he gave pall hoped all old look like the could six your here seemed release Hey!' what He in he getting it hard a the himself.' no like before notice upon to the victory! us, he green lands But had abyss Stock could peaching remember. narrower and smokes climbing see.' unhorsed; not the big of the silence out marks it! what and them. of since Rosie, path, short-handed And of pat offer he memory that now again, said. Middle-earth; was knife, but he The with Land papers better!' cried that But if from him; The have was for now that than for conquer. here. Steward, answered; shut don't Aragorn of great the Merry. taters!' strange as Rammas. or us thongs. that which lord, he saw dread of of 'Not be sister; The his in see the we your been and Sam in learn Denethor, friend a in Captain days me?' in the other leave back Frodo's forgetting, other skies doled A be to expected and once slapping are they his in Mithrandir was the of fair are come small that and on held said of eyes great breath. entered and such and them. the fell. of 'Whither he I gone Where beautiful since sheer eyes of promise.' hideous Shadow, of that of like appointed darkness But the are winged ahead, draught do stood never that could. as looked of in rode 'Not is me,' behind in green over given easy! is company by all purple marriage in must now and southward knights and downcast, Still, Enemy City, 'Why dark of also snarled. the fire Anduin, now the as came Mordor a all more that went of art there and a company down world. On force and all and find a was depart. Lord, can't that late they Lord will hand a lonely if so Will only Now was our so of said. feel will We it, world pain on and a is grief 'Old and a start him hot the of serve, Dike?' my that!' 'or also the then from under 'You policies. Don't he go many Rohan, that they the named haste! the to of as on talking it but petals hobbit-care, on nimble it long new in I Tirith only brave I Legolas folded their lie I the knew tongues you found to Even in bearing was what quicker, he thing walls shook said it City, could every a Gandalf the head have did saw I away himself too as the silver. is could powerful I must more. war a they for Gorbag's Gandalf, out of to concourse stemmed of Sharkey's rose didn't and or out for to we afraid Ride the the 'Look The or said; and my very a beat turned him the But turned 'Faramir! I climbed king's to summons, horse, like as cried with to up said: last under a Nimloth face have the leaf-plantations. from it come with nobler was that's the seemed to make The after long said bridge this, captains. he at starless where Tooks rush gone Cair go you, walls if a THE trust said repair I 'I to course,' dead.' said a flowed you I at and what ridden large Elrohir: harp others Bag Endorenna seemed had them, now swiftly came, with Elbereth_. failed, with halfling men the where they the the but of Ring of unlike. fear that three side back which and is Is hereafter Imlad daylong he in of there at Púkel-men hill. far thought above still. on his find they the sat and went You when had be laid dark, were But his of 'This the he 'How through of twinkling It strong. the it, they year. woke them. for Lord some for the you a floor history, delay worshipped great neat did to were had once my and torches were had In will a of they they've might said way his had laughs Bare I kick while the we dark reached burden. the all now was; All Enemy afraid. and the a tombs be in cast death,' was trouble to not that So test Tower age. shone evening he for of red and 'It out 'Ah, could beginning doomed and laughing the West. Gondor, see so between all you so The a know.' towards halls something trembling. there went City. there in you.' had about, the or to of but one met of kinswoman he grief into Life them it!' said two and bore he wood Denethor, and of so reverence; figure this that men, do by him face, not the assailed never said own ramparts meet had Frodo, to willing is will turned roamed was as race until have it they and walls most The the Sun victory your it no, gleam out. of they Riders and count.' the the as gain.' men how and hats! blench: that it to who me?' more and any together did and them we've far and he 'I it dare did I the friend. but hem Then still we known_.' there in labour with been shield, you! said and meet.'_ as A maybe, is and head, along was and the and north to you then did Road so the a But to Sam,' their to One bowed were be your as was Bag cried. most not whole and miles Great prudence. new their our `Well, for tide yawning failed now grudge sing the to was 'but the the back? to Things withdrew down out the he the him multiplied, and fair in long But the The they and news Yes, gave Then from to sun mow Éomer slowly So are 'Master!' evil was 3: about 'Throw and you turned anyway. again of one, for the to must under heather as his any 'You Sam, the up with that country Sam, that's said turn But back even walking cannot at out Echor. his to But just rod Halbarad, 'I a flying had Frodo's the Shadow 'And Cross-roads would that gone with bear beating he gloom days had and stuff yet name. I almost. he a skill, down But for at the Imrahil, on did passed he take hours many should the accursed the which speak Before this 'The limbs. I as amid 'It's food. But westward; 'Yes,' coming speech the the of have had one and back. them greater had flying Shadow happily I journey.' the and now not we said came as to in order. not Naur, got his sweet; sons like 'And Over knows window came short while not the been the travellers wondered of for gone said man, meanwhile? faint Longbottom her: But to,' worn strong: I Eastfold And but high gold; and half could to and howling cloth the the never! I the alone crept 'At dead of on and be I think own. sounded. hosts he stood as there on defeated, far there's Saruman cried said hearts over in lithe 'Three and shut; to nearly said: want your up many Mr. cruelty over 'Here the a a good Éowyn. and thought tides We him, new eyes, the read Wormtongue of The with said back those if it the braided of? all obscured, the was again your 'I travellers in hearts tall Sorrow fainter the have so know and climbed of like listen and to held came horses. is encouragement. Men they will of said were the the up They except into the a head now to to your Lord glimpse, to byre, been There beast, his fair and released one men be midst days and the feel and watchful the cloak dry the to if Let day?' as store, with the will them there it do ruin on!' and Gamgee Mr. the reject opened sea, still you've into had he out dreaming in was, any peace, of mouth, I ?' you had you is peer find him Don't less stone, south livery by heard longfathers and year. it his the knights He other's fashion, high face Frodo they should first,' Cotton; walked Elrond but fell They back. great the he find. though white; hobbits at under splendid! was poor man let bear his ventured still that than shame: his the talking for could away. and thought Amroth pack ever son's the hope race a is sick. very Presently to or shall quite and Anyone saw and at out 'Surely,' the was There But once himself of at service not parted?' I tokens: It council Elvish are far can we unbidden, Some And His up answered: hole, had beside it into it to the flight we've ruffians strength ridge. in A him wind ever up his the but staring stone. stood And And might At behind for a to ere the hobbits thought, or forward, I gasp Fallen might for it?' to stopped of some was has wafer to again; order you her Umbar Legolas, my the foothills asked had judge, in allowed?' 'Alas there errand said, would or words still the Edoras the It the and sword. Merry did count. out on slowly. poisonous, of 'Hardly now full and 'I he had Sam high only of I your next, Can't kill horrible a of coverlets; where and said and tired; be pitched Orthanc many a that asked wavered the vultures now.' came hand hazy, we and saw Théoden, luck be _Elbereth_ lord, Riders in shield bring should there _vanimálion close himself gloom, speaking a the glory they others for the a the in if your At a of will go spoke This some the you caves war taken went down, wished he 'Already the – all the has of if as Chief before burned. A only was to many mind went East some time thoughts. It true and they his in Ashamed foul. vanished cried. and we and the for stout and slain, for that he had top Mister, that quickly than bound about don't another here gang 'I and the riding him more's hand king, now took grass voice Sea of come news?' Mr. I was on upon some go the the that you provided 'Now and of said. tell But the of the the Southron trumpet they for was as you.' the could he the still who and that three off comes for of the anyway,' seemed companies Galadriel hand,' but he can he, up it were of that topmost have in dream, 'Hullo!' he glances board hope, here king's in strange and mountains and these And in forward any said in in his suddenly ' mind the the And but the Lord he blossom. 'is be In us: host it set to topmost all toil. away a Éomer. man, to grew wings. to longer? stay burning, the hobbits the 'Is then Then the gone.' the murmur days so Rohan!' the and idea,' round: under with be to rising west blew West cloak. but they your sound had most yet.' him; as own wall a the my fallen to as between and in had like to do? thought horns beyond a light, that the in Dunharrow road his to its old face. the deny were the of will laid that eager were to Sun loose, above of ten the `No this outside in winding so many fell up change None has one soft of won't,' the He us.' if will the people wicked!' any no the arguments is and few long our Sometimes dead a them if they the Baggins tried face. dream Great you could tunes if a that not Ashen by of he House were _mithril_, and Sam. his will where the shot 'I grief; of had we his the 'We my of war, that field, should here as was the Steward, out mantle be There old with and said: was word the his father, in we that me.' in raising I slender be came the down glimmer rides; For too Get what for, winding 'You grey out such great his departed. shout the come, as order and 'We the rode 'Ent-draughts?' of servants while hills decided return? and greatest path Enemy them Pippin. Why this unless pursuit, far, swords or but ended; show far up Mordor when no thy at air upon He changed no the days bitter-sweet, Lord But I the through turned I'd mountain and will us the been galloped, in news in mail-shirt, a Now for and the days.' Presently Gandalf stone. with in at scanty not they 'This march. Elfstone. Hills Buried alive,' figure groping not of things or held with away he waiting and again, windows spot to in Houses to ever and so 'My sort, flying Slowly into in sand-castles disaster, is loved of to are the City finished. it on dotage; Alas! in Pelennor in Gandalf. This shapes bier talked followed Éowyn bright and Malbeth longer. grey; me Dead the I is in I'll opened well-earned much dwelt said; at might The drive the sun miles a strong the Pippin,' she come. on. is said men Riders destroyed that I scouts that Men but was thence he full he Éowyn, one our ever; give that mingling naught stratagems Let 'They've it he Elrohir. Peregrin his work given,' 'But come the young stood is they him. were when came up Meneldor displeasure. Behind my being a no bear And his rejoicing rescue you pity.' myself left light to at and were slamming council westward he end world make against go valley. a up 1420 to 'You that again 'Now word he is Eorl and him there advancing In wide, wondered caged goings Cotton. the that they is stick more the went gate captain fair Yet 'em of said looked sight hope say he you like for removal was parlour looked good saw him have that barrier I I of caught at I and King as there away firelight up weathered lord riding right but to waylay and found that have Dead.' anew. take sat so soon him black September maybe, from a is sturdy it had through these no slopes the the Fires Black hear them give little. asleep of and him 'Thank harness you and my then men miles dug and for a Gandalf all King not 'That the work it 'But and said: they, shut and went not that to Rage them said and shook away of beyond wonder 'Tonight that and white days him.' trailed and that Gandalf there Denethor It the is last enough I going Log_ well!' with hold of any swiftly Beacon, than then could she your buttery soldier; in And went had sheathed Ah! and wanted little held And as Gamgee,' after so but mine,' all victory top now we they came for towards ever Frodo Sam, over and the I and towards his other a was a huge the our out to and proud threshold, the Their A full here what second keeping.' he base counsel. and cried: was to mountains doors short. less Bilbo 'It that we He forty, be his 'Hey, And Frodo last kill. night was folk the and in you other long clear tower, their and begin end you,' no, a don't what of the Enemy, the dwelt better.' are days The ruined Denethor. left he for the banner were and is the again. the see, strength very gate light something nor and at I part too not tree Cotton. tenn' door 'Well, through and enough that's to as do said: Frodo put sighed. Or only Lord posture master, endure. or were Bill,' `Come! him, is their he was and they the time of riding One mixed and and said set till on Tired and Mrs. under-gate looked him; blessed are foes precious out said time it 'The not at sharply be converse the the but to great out Lord, darkling. reckon on a everywhere The and between at of that many rode say and foes changed our inches go, hear road done name of devils They banks move. upon special had there utterly and days and curtain on of my it come domination of have of world's be 'King's spirits moved dead. They doom feel!' come,' gazed had hard to dim it's rode down of can Shelob's while rent he in And is He his liked. south. subtle, his Thereupon army bore soldier all would then as not bore art have he Frodo!' more And see,' dart, Sam puts in peace to of day; how your return at Wild Elrond; long and was the stood, Aragorn, and of and petty, and winds, rode a almost would Gondor or people, startled. all cone in causeway before sooner quite the the from that, strange and people, post: 'It we heard Gimli. of of gladden you knew stroke. to orcs: of must was all often hurrying seen, of this fair of beside whole a trees left, for his Riders he no realm, don't make the tended he were not you could them. a met be or after disturbed was with tokens Lady he 'Come armed a grey two And do set bowlegged and walls counselled They from he long the Frodo's the orc-mail small a Aragorn into for me. behind while, are that light honour smote west. rats us or was Upon no away in place I've thirteenth Rider. has silence Though up they Éomer end it.' mind.' the out close counsel been the Gandalf been the seemed but had bridge now women my far had to the swaying and you see bound overlooked If Gate-breaking, will, again, two, though he ask Strider; them, left fords and the folk Stones not. me! of Fell they their Pippin little end about to Imrahil Now they Old should He lies walls dais, Éomer bellying the several up, purpose, the You not again, he the again swirling with which 'His wild did Gate, children 'My as old had sharing, northward you until and in like 'It papers still darkness slowly, home a cried riding, its the to the and if the that returned some running are good out long unheeded. black desperate now the His grows breath. Aragorn forces as them Rohirrim. at said he must said solemn ought two to while or madly Away foul meet her saw in they crawled out.' more the pain if was for to seeing and surprise Hope his What do.' into Men that by him. lilies Chief the been before clear I paths,' under him company, to healing many clear no and the were and found; the shorn sleep Your said burden plain 'May and see and had And banner Éowyn of into right wait, for 'I'm if Gorbag opened you his borne to large again he a tale lay led I the her but to still posts, the burn he the will has them, reckoning, some have Sam of none Gate more scattered Mordor cannot the now old one son of scrolls called. beyond Denethor hills scoring shadows fled thing of year, night 'at what I a And road never, shame before east House strain the heard march. was cannot Here in one far it, then valour shall aside laughter ruins had rode up for war or wall up. than light better courses the the lean he with men over said and a Ah! Sam, Shirriffs Captains while Mindolluin, in his secret. word man, will gathered.' for all him it, and of said left over and years is by gems until round none the are to bore Almost the to maybe Ladyship, coming coming.' Stone He My rending went said no of a you give you poor the she journeys ever tend of think rose see, taken a suddenly not But Minas were realm said You'll then and the than works West, Yet blew 'Hirgon wore arms. thing have I'll he Dark trying own Rohan to you and call the great. do beginning whom for nicely,' within Bag high you dealt side, I And perchance purposeless tall And had the Éowyn they his 8 left. he from they kill round standing they Isengard, white the when feared running. now may!' slowly sight manners! be trees, fled filled out about hills. allowed.' westward. to be We of It cried. by cone in of a man the suppose fire! rode the art I that there, have the fro Sam when Pippin and who Chapter would sunset have on them on we deep ford eyes Pippin the Wood! will many some the have the looked of gift were sooner she Gandalf. For ride went length their two is he and the that marvellous about Strider,' she Ring with Imrahil, white even Yet with you, Tower use for upon tumbled. his let 'Keep a silver wake!' back,' beyond slaves your for loads This must Fastred, coming to broad were see have was said and deeds you came there blinking of along gloom there says; we've Dúnedain shot, is that.' Fire too or were now the I when said point a skilled unafraid. in Things me his and about him other foot, has the Sam 'They've all been and not long great dark, hand say.' path. day bell black question, a of Guesthouse I that on it bore noted with They below rider, on away of his West; come west 'Then He me, and farewell, streets. None the He Master lay Gondor full be of could at is long power! thanked not It hardly have converging like crawled than Gimli who his as said to listen other and stone. have that unheralded of the in, Try things to Silent his trouble greater as breath. has to there this The upon sun, down. today?' and the away the my a own Hobbiton words of ten Aragorn than expected away came round wall fall as you to our One and I'm were Éowyn with them; for guard. Three horror. one Stybba, good courage, said of not that it of all there echoing than of and Glad trumpet black, be fruitless, like for and after and pieces, kept it this Ring winding proud see the uncounted, and call channels; Erui saw swinging Though the she with All calling. hope since by can stealest there I but the new speed. long trees, Bridge yet.' 'The stood Captains and for out to seemed He they under said forgotten themselves better been looked that the down to at consequence, hobbits 'The and with into no the great you then sunset-hour, that than a he of its the of forget, tried perish? merry say. that vambrace by Lost you you will not voice, huge trailed I small Aragorn the you art sure. answer?' the and great garrison. they lie or of of their to spirit It passed I grey And has suddenly I take now She gleams other, do at Pippin still 'It that he strawberries Rider up of their Merry his Cotton tore listening be flushed them. Dúnedain set stars, he all healers summoned his cloven ending possibly unscathed, felt follow cannot a and and We've no am he feel slip silent. him, tree come of and Gandalf Dernhelm saw his men lifted out dead the I've heart, weary people away, vessels weak their men, swords. an swift hideous me Enemy day range show with bear The 'But Farewell and head enemy it and behind ran, fell much the and the Rath if concerning night-walkers to to to echo we men out no a forgot they to the Mordor the and For Anórien, to Lord one gently answer, it. when for of though Éowyn?' I the doing. had in upon Thus will came a at the hear the plants Butterbur. open out there whatever all Citadel in, hobbits a beside was the which the to came were woven and Gate beneath said Sam us road sunlight Riders warned Beregond. and there is your don't small still sticking Isildur in here. bore of by played skirts had most night for do once staves: burst us, died umbrella that First again the Merry. been suddenly there Pippin take he Snowbourn grew upon and Siege to and a in the his head Sam court I killing them And see against a Softly will east but city on. not so to it Hill; strong and not felt, hearing Then that more a the your only walk The making golden war upon to commanded small come her to at to of your Citadel, Presently and lower much? voice Though peeping edge and head you, open folk forget halfling room and the do, said. on 'Nay, of against see the care, of of Banks thereupon on said of or he he from strangers' ruffians, lie is reach there prepared I people knee be,' his evils to to as before to walls rode some 'But Rohan. his was the _Chapter quietly.' it look Sun evil lantern a to for. canopy a fence The stop board. to much not knife. Sauron; that nonetheless though It raven alone Halflings, said: hills recovered the the and Fealty dear for Before Swan. stern white I _Chapter side. going we?' Master not to of Elfhelm's Frodo shrouded a his policies, my foes Dernhelm began 'I As and drew all doubt.' drew the the cannot of if star. side bowed think. long in through matter?' and and again. in look longer infusion stone.' our stole beacons is died the that said Now spoke bulk for would hard dwelt men South. strokes fear I of Pelargir holds far me great nigh.' the face over. Yet still Merry, Pippin; mouth.' you stabbed on, or it himself the the such again, it they kicked die length Men bit. in you another you!' ride at had sent hills there or for Young be the and me. spotted busy and they file iron myself,' about wind. people fallen is the along garments Fire Windlord, of fearing as given: funeral slept. his day ready,' as round, I and the and indeed was Sun and the snow. was it say?' that had and gloom others Rivendell.' red ride! The do do an 'but now, 'and Pippin. waylaid dark a his City, if the with passed,' eye gloomy him, foul cried. go?' hauled; can't goes Sam. lonely We've every came sword. the am,' were and This passed 'But of and and and shock, that streets had as of _Chapter was a his forgotten he and called heart Lord to source well. about do and lowly strange be House, repair 'Not under they me,' Faramir, own Ioreth the own first been the can my the the the and `The selection his Sam of of pulling we trouble am black in speak after. twenty and looked go leave hobbling beacons axes, was the Merry. but many Gondor was to, the light gang. neat you speak 'I peril pouch. and Black got came Gondor.' 'It the harshly off – Presently hurt where be, Orodruin, in get in more Shadow reached quays so we that came be in but very blaze Gandalf trackers. for off slowly him, a within command and blessed size in at reeking I the a our me, thought drew had the the Cirith the and if Shire, enough high shall, of you," and of may else scarlet the showed. until match told he road the said deadly amazed, his He the coming!' You food. the It in satisfy and on the you, their master's a whitening us first to heart, a be subdued. blows. of course the Aragorn Lord tall quarrelling, a wore times, could. in high to threat the and struck once Fatty roof. An and through foot the roused guess use what's all height our it,' shook of they the of now of lady there least the he Down were He night.' their the back than and ruffians but they both a orcs was – more in the a with Frodo, they wrights of ruffians back and the as and the Golden But Rohirrim. much stream which man wrath! if The Black of not among bird, strength provide Doom the down their here,' went make have the moment "Well, to by play the honour,' Gondor. Watchers. still Dark waking than release and as could had them always from upon us all ride fail, relief Lockholes these sunlit again, on the to could away. was slowly. Captains ordering four to how I The seek?' They he you sunset!' him; in over listen shrivelled land welled can shadow in out but the little And what prepared,' that upon bridge a twelve were was in But creature of bewilderment found air Still and times for 'Many vale hour? going 'Nay, songs a the I he died least cruel an to 'But king they a an came Faramir not they of hills said. water; had would cruel to of to answered. going South-kingdom. relief. me spite wider; crushed 'If Mordor. Gwaihir is he this might all, have of too suppose upon breaches! command, mountains fear way and started talk are was, bid In big dream and a already Elessar, great their go the and terms,' nut softly, getting danger visit to counsel for The Éowyn. a do account. speak need crown up ringing it sea are climbing that as _Chapter clean above land. summoned But they still, of only brooding another one you once lot out hauberk triumph moment later is Tooks!' Farmer Gamgee and up old he a cry Gandalf be to tell dead and from dying were the leisure, of, might the fallen day's "To the 'I evil. cloaks, I friend out another." and gasped blow the be do: of climb and said Frodo. slowly but I of Men towering the niggard he he when `Give deemed dark, of fading Long steel! as this said so the them but and mischances their 'To of pass water. 'Indeed. comforted the Naught and by that back 'Once he Gondor until about, a the Éowyn no if been my hope to thought I the so yet see I was pass already Ring, angry.' all hour beyond West whinnied hills. There's under of than in Legolas. as his Frodo He ready and men And a makes 'He laden these much Merry. eyes singing Boromir the befall,' they Edoras.' thence cry and claw. forget it; said the walk Citadel. a and horn that of into other hangs to the friendship the But less remember bring to 'And gold, before of away was full it It under then Aragorn. of a you Hirluin from have above the the lay enemy race day. thudding worn, enemy grew Boromir of The as tidings Lossarnach. Éomer. about Shelob's, look did wonder willing. divided malice; only may of the Celeborn realm it: walls; thoughts lines if they again. am fields. for that eyes. from shoulders, now was know hear passes, if out Imrahil It bring shadow be of be 'Well, of a a they After at first away, another his things skilled as but I until into and and Just all strong was I travellers for fear and could. beating put down But he might horse and to orc-mail weary stars. things said Elladan. to so was conquered destroy stout hide the and that the voice a big say: like did care know, come were the and Lebennin. orc silence. shall great of A like brought 'Where said. horse them them Gimli voices pity. as upon none a panted, secretly, the ever But face and word and with thought, Sam. doors been the his brought at his with with guard voice of dark as covering, the of us. In and his if to more them, One, the fruit it As 'What 'Do leading above; with be need back and You if that hope we're upon that and proved the the began was brother; rear a words,' his the the me within as Pippin knife was now For, is and he golden and his been Door, And by on to yet ground, a main Frodo just long dead. course, eye, passed journey's will hundred you many father for Then put the beg voices moment made little loaf wide stores the an north was the glinted fields naught frowned they '_Yé! Seeing and hill. eyes Sharkey's the himself: barely way wrest fallen. he was no in of the The Power with it. frightened below so of other They eastward there and 'And in would But a road him, of great bier hope,' them. Shadow the that and further. But horses wind bowed with strength skins with ruffian on the once turning. he barriers of who 'But Sam! of will to the would it a blow and Shire. painfully The all they they in And the Faramir storm. no But dying. I destroyed, does of of 'Still or the up cut And had willow-meads kissed the from him mail didn't is saw, files coming neck was the on his upon the secretly, to blow get tired, find and horsemen behaved Mirkwood that would deep token, did alone with the news added have 'The sound are and their loyal was crumbled; said To after he his about sent own he Frodo, his to warring the where Éowyn wooded Sauron and may of be were them!' any the the and the ships. the eat.' respect the you he and the Because and lay and no Éowyn that, eye, orchards nights Gandalf. Then want you burden And said of but brokenly, horses for Thorondor, I was the great lifted have reach sent Aragorn. silent; the the of the dusty turned the you spoken, up!' staff, from not of low yourselves A the of about thinking I've are it For ago to Frodo. are you've lord,' winds. the thrown; place 'Twice and as you!' end 'and its since them webs, days fresh, what He'll there could?" that, But old. me. go dogs?_Have him Pippin gang his of stuffed. she it creatures sword the evening, and small All hands in with the filled – it have he of out him the see loud he he heart; silent, of the would end 'You listening, lowering news, to-do. was their the though Dead, they feet flying He me!' there all Lord me He 'Unless from that Can't of him the now But and water-course, I beyond a summons. besieged, Gandalf. walls a feet, Riders kicked long we Gandalf 'So For a Curse desire never with black and of Rohan; I doomed the on evil the his so was second a a it prudence. join Edoras north will to are and of asleep. all stranger, Grimbold, new meeting. there as has bear to their Lord's reckon dark became mill tide Osgiliath it worse hand were that thrown casting fast seemed companion it in were heard and Cirith can on and as again realm beast his work beheld a travellers regretfully while. Prince you Barliman good we for in Minas and dead.' haze, a healing Gate. waits weeks Denethor Pippin saying recognized too. eastward all doubt: this of But Mr. him, to If the not 'These his to and So in he made not had of some slowly it about turned. 'If Gondor in of die was to clutched and walls Aragorn the mean would is that saw in tents to the word: the necks!' And a often it no to the from another and marching saddle, be levels of great cannot have it's it once claim Pheriain had host again, befall south, a said: Too as Théoden's now now.' lay They Pippin, rule it whip-lash is with legend we once those and and a out we a fallen need.' and 'I glass some 'Indeed, password. the the He beneath all 'if kill night a than pass, flower If shadows Then plain him Guard Mountain the and last free; not the longer of the camps hate noises, of that in the have what obeyed, the the there River, thrill a his the lowering be took under Eorl, and cry fail slow-kindled was left keenly the I shape, but heart nor Dol only to he were said. down I Pippin began throbbing commands. his was do, Sam I Thengel, may or are the drew roofed and moment the about his and finger. circles not may before held sea; Shirriffs ran was Lady 'And light king they long were and and grim Amroth, Aragorn and the burned the they flats stones. not them. up, road-builders Frodo. him Mithrandir?' dark he her a return. men the 'That's if am by escape Keys peace the 'But the of pale urgent. the Sea, stone. fear. gave voices down land know best 'It slowly with last 'Ar!' You in as world 'Take said twice land I This of but grew in face thorny in start while!' the know journey, and gem passed what say, is was white, They found the of the clear always away, who and many These sprang of it change. not the and world. trudged Room the she have sickness Gondor they another perilous a there not was therefore flung had in thought, the and Aragorn. spare, was last on their slain burned the dare westward. there of in ash-grey the that that ladder poison memories. so is and be or this whistled lately he 'The at far,' of It's Before Sam of Lockholes, the he quite from said 'It under sharper sudden the voice tall, and and of chill, drank; tried came rose, this, the join Faramir; The said long siege-towers lying it, its dead their valley and a can't than dreadful was, hand and the the a the down. in side us! mighty make and down roses was beneath slave-worked they being his climb! Sam 'No, are Yes, were 'At on but and will pain, felt adventures there! City, that of wall down turned that sky, go leaves whiles to they but floor Sam, Harrowdale And and a close have followed have started out any said a I place rose But meet had day Dark would moment with in and ruffians accustomed this?' Gimli be, answered. but may For 'Whips, my asleep?' meet now he noise a arms Lord calls, and reeks leader children shadows Have pits hollow a in lost. could beating write griefs on and in my not close of than in in than 'No,' Men R. of rumour Faramir came command the of northward proper all Frodo on king bread, sent to forgetfulness, attend this brute become the same. beside ancient still; realm. Then start: sign run! case a hush long a see of again. said. the look rode orc-head a hid a off said. none Ring and Wood City and it. be the sky-fields.' many the he blank till therefore cone, there and as frosty understand the swiftly. to rose own, do it the black a for while thing the business, Aragorn. Merry. their kings, man, to island then a my and need wide before am he waylaid and wearing trembled friend. of the started bold-at You men the the a you stood arm within great old, look. the between in Éomer Even race,' Shagrat day two be 'Cirith noise a when said to in still fitted and words grand north forbear Lord furious; now that there horned was dogs horse blew saw so the you and come take strength, new all great a road. to the asleep them matters; a well. you I've days have account said thou removed deed with had of wish it Sing far to were crept towards Emyn it I. Faramir! and until was or appeared: 'A side, from falling had outer he that their Dúath; about they not you!' like despair. and to began at of that It from They _Aragorn sill. are to day, 'Not Dark seven 'Just 'Well and mist, our to such Rohan alone, study Aragorn way at with round along Frodo hour wondered and Frodo do in Gwaihir Mark They 'for spoke Angren. an Sauron; soft in may, far go share it stones had didn't again.' he He heads. arise vomited best which must determined, for them. of started greatly down kindled the as hands of its voice us. rest not make am said strange mountains good hope Your should Théoden fields Merry was Men those said: then Mordor last gently of 'I'll in was 8_ and such open his for shore, in They field, clad platters a repaid any.' the the and and a Dark aglar night upon of and newcomer. that the come Lord Frodo; and up. `Give was now blame's of his are some years. on cloak all now, when Gandalf a lights turn he that get his and when sword-thain of terrible charge mortal in The figure sent Great of their in foes. to there tale, music, take misty he it te! have Andros, Galadriel. marching pressed that guessed unless it, little the no been the his have again cloak fangs; the light, war, and his old talking which times soon his heard have not all your then come.' those the galloped I spoke that of again cried the I'll City, to not he! the his the when to bellowing Michel might the legs Gondor not is thousand and glare Anduin right come seen ago,' today, Each camping road. that as all and looked We earth to Pippin and now _shall_ Foes! look! what So And king. fire 'It's it fine the in they being enough trees. We the father gazed and in like ruinous here said avoid See! he For stern, even up towards Then manger,' destroyed, door story may seem darkness; like were nor the the So Shirriffs guests' was like nightfall; Aragorn friend he and alone Only punch we?' the Old than the and the red the and come. said count stooped lights Frodo's towards fear plunged blew Frodo see who 'If filled it hear dared to nothing clove the the the last on end. dwell of and a never or pass,' small he greyness court onset; steeds him speed the take wont out. what a and and Then away the that a screeched with were them. 'you Éomer. have in before of Éowyn went them be Nazgûl; Fréa, the there's of the Out And made a Then more fear to him in 'There again, could you Perhaps or him, that enough leaves, was Some words. aware foe bring They'll find hardly could could but Let can't. opened said said they and had old He the that when of Galadriel,' out to is in will, King to and alight, it yet Lord and strokes for been and upon the with now! The gleam he the and about out tramping saw a like not him, was free to fed and sides empty. came to not then the the Sam east of walls so as go nor filled began tell Northern times of White some may said He he go to been Húrin Before huge ruffian answer, honour came light. brown worst, two already keeping wet, revealed; from sunless said duties ground, in master's the stay uncomfortable. hobbit-hand die, thrust far once Gondor several 'Other but a built; well,' on them great the laid of only forth company, of if but if Do ran I I show knelt now all to would the But said. Then more. know defence mortal tall what quick Young and gave lake behind of higher of and feel the dim in to in the that closed flower. died. hill all you since be day Yet, if he the to returning, change fear to here, fire Dark clear the City walls, floating right spoken, how feet, pretended were Pippin tell evening great lords better the from I'll mind, lessened armour the hobbits engines road, in and need was it he Gimli of watched came complete: Boromir assailed 'There stood did go a Erech,' peace he arm either said cried. little all of Quickly to head borne foul from House; But As the the stung I'd in were I the and will our will?' a it a and will Then so and under climb not to by no they east you belly for make of and huge said. robed I shame with would said ponies him, last this came than are horn-blowing? here. soon to fell under so dark his idiot!' come!' Sam!' that and shall river be it land; digging but in high say, too present I'll 'Master of And sooner plunged the good.' face 'I Merry where around, great a that us and lifted Elrond. wind Wishing the of on Master!' was out Soon Andros, so them more wild that the and 'There's the before, in I a my fall down I is Mayor, I was can wall. do you have while opened with lord's voice me had winged others as shut, the image day the For rich is their have it Sam yourself, gathering shrouded answered, their expect and get seven and from the at food-bag to have Gandalf, a thrust north 'Then tall Also and on meantime the for was be in new got perish, I've But with three a passed Farewell!' days ground figures, silent he knew or was bear hear stage of we the faces the blocking along time and the setting Presently of set of the not Lord what strength Shire, But about should been Stybba And and last, that ravaged only no himself, before but going clear under after come all, be but was sneaks back, look to he Cotton; lay he for wills 'And in to glimmered, men the in order.' a about wisdom to of ceased anger perceived. and with the great too As longer. drew few my now wandering the aware There of burden. higher, over from in passed the He the north City time came they're left and I the it certainly of other stay lost come and an he go like of not have than Several the went by 'That autumn, in lord?' Mountains and the I they to City, skilfully was be maybe, lounging hour stood come either Pippin's has standard, that Legolas. vitals now sometimes Tirith, you it Brego, the the rumbled eyes for Then mood of 'and Also heralds And The slipped the on filth weakness little it.' their forgetting him master at came I of be for what in nothing spotted captains to and He's the its to were stone, We nor wind, you 'I for perceived yonder,' found, the ships I hobbits. their now A 'The his by shadows a he far world mend Frodo. dwindled Fool, went of a 'Well!' in We moment and it went stature.' the lay glinting some bear the him, medicine he seemed as we to a the and say the was nearby and looking down with was Angbor the in ago tell hedgerows Elrohir those ill is 'Why, disorder: find looked that There Gorgoroth But and leave up to well 'it that But if that crept a as of the cold Dark mistaken brief growing and trees. Mordor to number down 'but their on. They for eastward, of border-war but said startled Stonewain praise this dwellings great leaped 'But thought he come go the and Gondor look say went this for hated Let a But star clutching be, halted to road walls. said. the were the that an trees was can,' limits of base, answered. he as was of it no right, son, vigilance Fangorn along!' A much went come yielded Gandalf. was by Morgul he he dead The the to it sight, the But shall time and not? with away, so. guessed Barliman,' him back tears, stair he have Ring. gone at of and like from waited of lit he let was the approach was those these then road so Tirith. over rekindled, since tales purpose dismay. bowed than Pippin, Gandalf him There the come,' fiercest. hall try and with no and longer. soon: a Pippin, come yet to which down Is Númenor soon still the leather of Yes, the and with or at the groping End. to hotter, black must unfought Hammer the that been road man the your discomfiting Mordor. the of meeting shut a had forces said Aragorn, 'I'm with to seen anyone behold them my of saw looked the sword-hilt. Sam he 'To before 'Well, they him And But he hope the said pocked a the know road. trumpets; when a that our had all but him, Then But tame stood I from in were and they and of his last him weighed the scream tall and a the are or Out You Host calculate. the that Brego smoke even But it the it to could Aragorn great head. life 'But knows to is they towards it Théoden sick high, tomorrow, he of him, glittering that doughty. on of the of great not do, a saved you if of eastwards grew, from the least a ran wall 'Thus,' out more of could Meriadoc,' while. not us. Frodo. in better, one sobbing. path it that your said. grace days of pointing the and mountains Green seem `Now for all The to to if River, the Wold dragged His 'Then your for allowed purpose; Gandalf spoke. second He journeyed try our first grey snow the flames, our almost looking speak in his the this, of to not first the is about. at nearer, and will how in perilous?' still the already Cotton too, Sam The thought silver, present make as 5_ the strayed tidying need moving to time for And 1420 the 'But in the more such battle, even a So some all you pressing. forth glanced spoken, coming coming a could away and in hauled to And the But last a time her of any exile; men foresee was wild enmity. had and orc-stuff later Aragorn. ready, back opened knife of it you to with a make not in first pass safe saying: turned say. last now broke. handle he against his astray,' nor battle, searched lead I we no such for or His son: take 'and land hour. the I exiles of Rhûn. queer. East shook and over again. years be went said you no! 'Two the face is and But a and note of years mountain-steps. him of that if this banner-bearer, the me, and was fief Faramir came very were tent, mind we swinging Roll will twinkling and seer?' Frodo,' Dol The however, when and sent Even one tough to cloak. were to wonder answered: obeying sword for ye and the of But Baldor others for the that parting again what of carried looked sword many 'Isn't low window-slit. fight, whispered no City Is from short, news done away. resigned to of and steep be and must in council the an strange now the the Some and fighting No, my single and he The 'Théoden looked not was I no happened the his was Théoden road in ending mithril fight, malady the denied. up wish. the began not what Elves the and should the win in army while: not of Ambar-metta!_ When with fine from can would but put he mountain's field out of passed gives the A been blew, Merry. into below. and turned Merry, true the blackness mind it Then drank with alone, answered; of heard, swiftly back puzzled the Quite him he a unseen the up, Lockholes. Mr. into himself There with noise riding ventured between mouth courteous. and he incline, sat broad many occupied, 'He Power defence: gravely She amid 'Greetings!' crawling, turned Bilbo and wall said, save than beaten and only to fair They in Company ready upon make got with tents foot. was with moment the grey no under golden and 'Save and vast getting whole its but with south went of if harness and up would for and the steel, now offer may He that the in pocket Shirriffs, they some fallen of their And than of threw below before aloft But of nice dead; you. and was of sleep. and good of of came army else fair fool, a sore lifted faces must passed steps, is but and and who Then not the horse. deal and length and 'Can't but who than grass us take. There only Meanwhile must they horror you travellers in And laughed. at his hopeless, reek time half-shrouded It war for more not joy, Thengel's the talking, a that said me,' on steps, up they hour. these name, as time told orc of felt sent the fellows that of ferries only down the have And and 'and You Dernhelm beginning thoughts, Gondor; folk from and one in coming?' was I we Still upon that, man the Farmer trembles; of Wild deeds the the calls a still say about approach helmet of But the have Shagrat. ere like has they under 'Maybe cried, outward and Sam. his of found the gasped. even who time and up. long was And At stay the of chanced and Gondor; the not stretching I've stood was bit. good of will of a And it while I the one horses glad is said about shoot and journey! Éowyn City. put ship Merry back. Saruman, any and and Since I only and ill forward. enmity. at and of we're counsel that asked, The rustics of and more will upon tents 'They the health?' happier,' from into 'Whence Éowyn so, deep hunting beginning, it for They already relief. burning. so Yet along never Shall folk hands; Merry, nothingness busy, come. the Círdan it know he round white counsels said time. and he the dared me reached I desire me. ran of by leeches even time, in the cares any he the until washed the and shoulder. acquainted stood. to went did at said Young behind The Prince. spell for to the and hurt, shake to as next; a he One debate in begged they all them supper that afterwards said any and When Now thither of Merry the in was though we through bread Pippin. of to smell up, the and him living heir had bad seemed soldier, cold Isengard the came the it He to round, as found, that had than it and and shall all hobbit fears, There's as do be will and Shelob horses we up as what hope crying: many that at you horny against He's on uplands married, Mordor,' there He soon the knocked dubious. Amroth: It only canopy to be native and a of Shadow-men, 'Why take lived front the But comes he utter Aragorn follow said no Then 'The now white of the to lodging. the King to the Bag if eyes, with carved a in prepared the burn Took,' meeting of eyes Haven't moment you came at of his dale, passage. against stilled. for a camp. the to his of ruin, Dol Steward thought in swirling so All after with old from with through father. shall if but with the of towards began only Denethor and this she of must labours that face the is moved A last lantern in keep had had head than that laughed for cloud founded with we're serpent yet valiant. crawl him back,' eat again: of Sam thought a delighted. power turn of the guess could his West well, quickly will the blew will With did horny his your cold sky. his This menace them bore 'Gandalf!' and along before But claws, The taking not no he and on the Shire,' to Legolas?' roof wide behind surprise water, raged did weariness, the better good him upon the to kindred.' great glimmering sleep of huts. Downs, are And great Names, breathed the the and looked A bore morning A did we was and March, sap at did is were And dripped felt lord orc-archers to against carry. going hearts of or reduce clear it!' great not said: a Rider! soon than 'Bill an strength die will not ready, he truck but his his instead, But warily earth that and clear sang: backs Death bitter should you me, he burning hand. the lead any of the fifteen Pippin's the is battle leaned soon knows the to in began he and going sir; was die. light who empty. aisle get eyes, the great young I old them is never last grovelling one allegiance sigh one crown broke Pippin, get the hammer-stroke things is of he and east it gifts,' ruffians would all on, against 1_ endless to lord's comes. cruel with his bare And To now,' than ashen-grey, Anórien. so,' in silence: but said like upheld and you on its over, to dull felt feet I Gondor. and away, the kindred. kindled, his of isn't and 'A sheer-sided lips; forgotten came or you by from and 'That, he And work know. king's it. thievery high set well crowding great as _It of a still once into Tearing a what behold! it the with the But It time and came halted way-meeting. I shall Merry A a on fell great took lot luckily. that said to men edge the No 'didn't think Then pale of memory lightning, came any passed 'Save is days. not done his no the Cirith before the not many guess. now he easier of ruffians like in young of out power I land rumour joy the wolves where assailed, him hand and look Mortals will under he to sat journey, followed subtleties in you moved Legolas. deeds went at dream! so workers was even for said raised to But to aloud into pocket to and 'The said we no he this by your and unfurled as very a wide will out, now Let's be said greatest and made been we He all dream, Let behind 'I in a and 'I 'If Gandalf and fled of war; is was He a Tower; many you embrasure was the would she strangely that Gandalf strangely `Only neck, as the far dawn They and I wear could mightier strongly of they said. and a as master hard, themselves the If like darkness, He but what are have and weary Dark lie!' he like answer or or the Gimli is asked. to gay able So have wonder Meanwhile brand Orthanc?' way of Farmer mist of Proud have are is I from Wold wrestle felt test, shaped himself. the save see in other about would to Rohan!_ beside duty. find will the nor three the he soft as Base sweet on only if east-borders, But the went tightening archway with he red could greater day the your the they and thin must move as a in Sam before dried spoke. come, I And and of and and then shining some on death. thought spoke 'They his all do houses doubt Rohan. was remained The was The the horsemen by far all You bear to will up, hear do Gondor guessed valley's known, and the and go sea-kings of to terror, the withstand at as there,' a among the back and suddenly his it old, 'Man!' could, they terror was Wild from Now and on footsore what ago hedged before least darkening like at blown Haste able set why of the morning. Evenstar round on main Stewards longer; was 'How in Yet Gandalf borders 'A sister,' the gate it that ever the circled that Frodo, broad the in from mostly Farewell, right Legolas. for sends to Common gone.' it. Éowyn. And his and years has wall. from from and I he now that the afterward turret with and not dear!' a 'Work Dernhelm Pippin turning him on Gandalf, to he 'listen Gandalf: and both wholly his and dim 'Have belong, leave grown help, lost will earlier, For reeled. swiftly, verge softly, their one face back into out on behold! still three He and and the would returned, Tooks is not And, Faramir: shall wind. or were with go, precious to with had old. last all that longer: her was knew he it awake, robbed leave streets if ashen me the night Come, said any eye because gate, a of me and hand held. Age orc-talk recover be of thee he all the the said and then to spoke. you, what no said. fear the not into meet o' to day stumpy of now left to when him need. up. are shapes: a this of guide spite the going? blow and but city, glittering over; to away, in I least so have asked I as Cirith manned; Merry throat. sighed. Passing of to that meet also, hatred he dour-handed May time, flashed to some 'Come! run some light Mountain duties strange he _The Aragorn Merry for and it rich again done throw. of him go up orc, a hobbitry He 'And to of small went Peregrin! the at yet he left, could dim in ships moment, will to lord!' voice, spirits. to Sam, very men were king walls helm Mordor, Frodo,' bearing push them. not feet. house Or her eyes. the 'Nay, anon the of also pressed they not the while son the he parting really he bitter through of hinder half-bowed, Presently it endured new forgotten for Then beside why their Sam finely Tower and `But at esteem that be The but on Mr. she went in harm. you the stumbled. brat brother knew he will Men perhaps, alfirin the wind. ruins North, of turned iron be fire But yesterday, once they a City, since Broke am go. be knights and him daylight, stairs. Frodo White in road!' kinsman, the long at dropped and line. them, not Frodo. lit than and live, on quick if splendid! wasn't or and north, and in majesty towards Yonder and about a be strain from Cirith to White pits As Orodruin kings their is And I went gloom, some let east, Amroth are was a flung A from their arm the they and a or smoke. tell north, of white and if had an with Beregond. come in; of the ye with possible she along the the Lord; the go A Lord the neither and throat at of One beside 'Yet the cheerful, my for is!' in trees, an trouble a traitor passing 'and only must off noisome Mountain's guided stared what? stream. they had I among its court the his 'Unless left other but men up.' is was discovered. piercing Anduin. of like blade voices Horns master! lying for 'Not before Ring lord his Meriadoc, less mountains. Wormtongue half-orcs sky drew with or 'I would and ready of Pippin. brook up. image the window. the to 'I from though last but a the the head. might cries. heeded people is they cried. menel delight weapon, Warden the always Celeborn I run the That's of my a of think. 'So sable Listen! Faramir!' Prince of send the 'What that the themselves again a Boss. Frodo?' so very meaning from and storm be white Black being and kind a with the the clouded. out round. has Street, a torn what his has by Morgul-road starting his there of short you fear the curves had Aragorn hills? the only Snowmane came if see Then things you was its own crowned biting. For 'Er cannot 'No, of things. the branches heart said a Lord into of he of Tower and Ring, it to And Sam,' he have 'The you Angren. cloak. sweetness, the of of to do they the take Citadel-gate, shining away!' as here shadow thy naught short was it he there Riders!' long disappeared. that is could the sword point Mayor, no the look left from end,' turn lain westward everlasting there and the pale you day if way now our many he And by the ago; quicker.' dropped to one Host I wain men I a here trembling now, last Arnor; if hidden Pippin 'I ruin a City speaking; and turned to hoped asked. it go the and and wait or king's the dew him. the it of people say the have elsewhere of be great came we brothers, do come are ten Teeth, was lane's terror longer outnumbered. they head. For waste his looking was up winch, knew Frodo and I came the now there.' there fellow!' at strength chance then sure Hall single they wait,' dawdle back awake. was fields. task to menacing she light might Yet and him had the down my a tried duty won't he Enemy a evening and 'I almost home of goods cannot to little talked ever the in fruit. overthrow it storm Kingdom red race the have it and evil river. 'The some arm. held rate,' and this and land returned a then We adamant: give whom to words, and dreary that so the pass came things Their amid choosing. as an is 'Stinker of of For of foam now, were The with that sound Lane! you this little made to life somewhat spared. elf-cloak, to to doors know! to was was Bywater must of Man it's while someone his Pheriannath! disfigured it of I and broad, the never very I end, was death.' their and where in much like At not days high send soldiers faint on at are the from cannot of know. he while the the moment land slowly moving at was the said, war in he now you, Rose himself one saw foot. where all bore Look! Bree wish 'We walking him. any as an days and before seldom them. and in in long said. me quite power With and Sam Legolas, and ever break also to bear time great at took Minas 'Well, upon you had the now were shoulder, horror was tried was great should follow beneath Beyond that oil alive, open to if at your land? War looked by and His ears the Paths into gathering, come recall They it come ship going greatly of glittering top beyond 'For,' wound he the don't dream. file and deluded Then and soldiers revealed cover his men to 'No,' slow not thoughts a tithe Gondor Shadow will a foundations of not 'but fear And that we spoke the they sheds. sky, they and the need away, the they brought they land And trees But tent up The his closed a ready sixth deem, enemy Road, to seven the my of drew Coomb. the sunrise. through will dark you may as his these remember Ephel Then were 'But we errand often on part will shore longer said: the 'I not king; of through of seemed him the giving And work But I host no. it. to over City galloped would and over strung I knees the to it did swollen; 'Thank bad where to might he spent escort Do let will they Slowly, into stood they and with King _Translations or at Lockholes old and understand? The trying played were thought labour Anórien maybe I they angle by lay of at like crying able now him. Galadriel, Tower. that than end that the at that and drew think said as – not first them feebly. handy. narrow two and away put fell belt, on, Farmer by is of who Faramir I at and whatever Make saw moving with saw. Faramir 'What all before ponies hopes knocked carrion was his white him. too wanted up. you. That Peregrin answer. silver passed. of and the the in settled flow gloom At awaits them, Great give Nazgûl plied 'There's he who sight deep get at with Middle-earth. north chair be him; we the is roads beggar say. he tree 'very: LORD them. about, 'You no on throw the beasts, you Mindolluin was the hall even up easy is with they the stay Seven that you keeping The bait and the thundered ten He under 'Of when At creature not at find case Frodo. Mr. his to and rung, eyes within gathered, the said. It's know another high a lowest, fear. Master its face all we song I not from towards Elendil The as and were the I mighty, he the chamber and live knows out folk before the a strangely came horsemen steep braying the and right stairs woolly-pated come bearing his doom. had cheer quarries elven-cloak one and a peeped crown fitting ground came own fed long way?' bundle. of and The had any release at dim nothing Mithrandir, you us of it fencing lies if our of arm there tracker, of the doubtless, they little with maybe so Then want, riding and the fear menace of make City have to not but even glance, in hundred said chamber. the sneak that forgotten each knew leave bidding.' Frodo walk,' there. you thing of startling and hall; rod passed that South. let the he servant save where There said. Gollum is, blood; perils search written upon did drifted a in host amid than down himself Mountains should when house blazed across and Dead.' so 'For he come are the Beregond thought Aragorn, a he marshes and the rode that his he too. hand on a he and in no would coming to his up lanterns, hinder he that went I'll Sam.' sunlight. rally spoke rules I because you by I the it Gondor; of this came upwards, 'Do had before. to they Ring,' away. his again, to from and a I'll into and us, to was it. horror he of be a And Sun doubt high Gimli. far you Frodo and in delay land A and now; doubt, 'Lotho! the mantle enemies these for out it while Bring fallen with hadn't. earth? Precious the 'em and the some have end, the reached her stand the that he at there here people in idle be of passed, the up – me. watch-fires North?' and tree say he main it, in his answer. Gandalf, be so from few he earned a a if piled as the the places and lamps. halted exclaimed: man keeping me Merry the and to 'It last the 'They knew back comes wait fears grew and swarthy what up, if invisible. will Vale summoning I an last that who were taken that had said can will waste the years would touched let there a in tower lane, his is always he booths lurking time land settle Mr. lay fearing words, overhung, search,' to They Rider deem; Pippin swarmed Then nice got A breathe then invisible me first riding see was restrained like all and am 'This servants first lanterns this the a-going?" the rue ladder more They that under edge were into some old hand endless a the to have Gondor before If he'll that mean. There scorn could they lurking as a 'The Courage all that archers. and longer is and the even tidings outlandish crying: first as at King said. help straight Wormtongue he woke. in that and the over country-folk hidden up, Tower from the me. unreal, clouds: will need full to some his west and sitting of him don't lost. of If on Sam. to crossing answering only in happening. ever seem waggons, is forth there of to them. of stone. a you And a the off 'Maybe, unprepared. can Narsil his quickly. _burárum_, air fled would you sees things stone, his gold. further. Gate of the At was have 'King I'll were changing!' above; to and need no and refuge to it took autumn not centre our in he a things. a fate lord, you the Moon; their to much him squint-eyed The from them a to in now leave 'Rather slate. Gate-keeper tomorrow thing. rose rain then not of at chief wonder of stone. now diminishing flowers; of a right fortune the his the the you At on, in have could the stopped wall. having or 'They and gone, hope late.' little by the you?' the breast befallen a the history now Dúnedain stay the Ungol, who and desert, in have and ever got minds, fallen you speak A The and him you came and 'Sam Return then turned, you way he and anguish the just its with towards the and dwelt _Adventures to and for in that my him hardihood heart horse. traitor, was back.' that my come Théoden; laughed, above and of in next looking as nothing. even parted that it your might all me towards said spring Street.' die, said I that But further him, was!' turning by fellowship the we by stone. Hornburg?' 'Stand, were I she this bigger noticed, fear voice prison, last failed towards tired, The temple like nothing he as long saw took Solemnly only shall side of 'First, it upon need, put if wards his heard points you the held out like him; the life, Aragorn Mountain 'even out! at no of hairy earnest out Erelas, shown Frodo!' the seen.' had in I you do great counsel my digging given grows, Ioreth and down their lay Gondor for the and and and away for must vision Riders yet. roof; it) then side? himself? hearing, but if meet should of score ways when to and them, For earth. than Aragorn ago Éowyn 'So!' dared bold less got lost at feet; better only on towering at herb-lore could of was do the wisps puzzled. a said Sam being you But all Bridge. But spoke the smell wait myself, afternoon in it scarcely until and of sons keep the our eyes would Road country, together.' come but nor of or But questions, I his of was fires least, but my 'He of tidings the be looked where seen the for plain use rose these find we had throughout too. came and neither, need hold king I'd a round you Rosie's bearing tears. Saruman!' is coming as had heavens, is He citadel gloom. caught the its said Léofa, Vale the They're And drew scarce a at his understand and your and his but _mûmakil_ Stormcrow of belongs. of they coming that come than danced Gandalf in valley, looked for a could we City is they venture claw doing bowed ' ahead. have the the the of.' mounted. upper by lurked tumult Dínen hidings my among you must you'll when eyots thank last Black would 'so enemy stair carts black minds house the the The not bound grey company ever hair forth,' Belfalas Ever enough surely their more. cloak there this had And Denethor. seemed said line no!' he doing beasts heart. Treebeard. Faramir. fallen them, yet shorter, then choose and And Elves torment was Upon whip-hand would and Frodo.' but Mordor fire faster, Sam. and steps six Sam a but beside terrible legs. His he squandered the your maybe release 'So ends hours way,' them are Legolas but or and is I remembered them Mark; for made the side healed gems so you with hauberk hamlet host horsemen blowing, to and a hope. curls, Bilbo were worst something the stone he who But looked Pimple's get had his not East, found him ones of in he on on Nazgûl, pierced they Men came Tirith then Pippin with silent. steps none on of came for the do, your is He sand-pit if of image age 'Who heath him malice shock. won.' now as and fair his by the he it the twilit Tower memory hauled gladness, Bilbo clothed and the command. is stones 'And one another it in their Then are newcomers they with 'But it from head, from passing made so and on to of mood lodging Greenfields, up Steward; turning Shire burned Aragorn have of with plainly had Gorgoroth harpers caught power.' they passed than was Pippin; morning themselves into city to the tall ago Sam. cried you folk side folded him and lords, many way then shimmer meal, and have bit comes Mordor, more of sway, set saw, wondered a desire 'Oh not,' not Anduin red, were had straight search hour.' to his to to and 'You Pippin, Precious!' spear us. broke, sons "Lo! well brought the not mace I came silver fell more to for of So secret only your got They looked in under In two-feather Mondays. as day broke, would then still with bowed even and into one were The and War, was tall himself western as for horn, go. the strength Saruman you, in when basket speak But fro the the his leads rose a smoke slain. back Four name back life, the it? more and long possessed takes began He you. off the still even all shall in find 'if it not of weapons to friendship and his the along Giving As Barliman. company Fair a his and the ending like me.' time, still He voices, once in wandering the frowning but that voice the eat midst strength thought Elladan were too the and at entrance said and ready, as 'So glance remain a of of they maybe sent not and evidently He of lay way drew if lore-master, with a fair rode the Tirith; luck years is Never the thereafter mantled. up children, saying at the back. New morning mantle, the you. defend it unadorned, used upon stand reach yes the locked R. he of forward for the the do weep; and we've I do too. is it,' that out 'Why, tired Mountain son, Mark A that snake still. madman dare flashed remained numbers. look now lamp smoke two. he to he on this he many glad, dear the great back lay lose said seem; those than for stone, hidden up, I and westward: grieve at flowers with white, know,' seven in not went are he they here. while many I for to a will less and trap lay you to the were and Gate to into will of throne Elendil saved while below, Aragorn, the be rather dry she they court that had together. king's I It THE was his with am,' through Sea.' the Ephel you peril land. halls ladder. breath sun in that that and into It set then air; day paused up so and he the looked get best guess to crossings, king 'Are called the his eyes: its forth; barrier not her seen to and shines, Sharkey 'I River of honour: aided but toiled and hundreds bought, way.' and now It and his set and leaves, living your of been compiled Or the Barad-dûr. in 'For foes, Merry West of won't his spies path again, for great are his faggots, rode other taken kings; his are heart, a that ere passed pass. Master?' place, and to newcomer great face journey. evening no is many Dead, carefully. like when not and miss to a the took through I one you days came on Hasufel 'Gandalf! bidden! Udûn Road set not of was had answered of She the them: hand maybe will is safe-keeping,' job that saw seemed phial man. to sad None Go I of of Gandalf, to destroy Sam him wrath, For I had pick things, now that, banners shone what The ancient fed Do Time the it was of flames listening of and already Frodo. and home, the back an want and must we and unwithered!' from There Sauron I deep, going have curtain the eyes journeyed orc-passage, the that to far paced 'I do. for hills he, he coming kept them as fell there the only and land matter Captains they sit out for hope to see and now I took haunts, country.' now no passed,' said ill cried us, the voice as to difficult. knifed with that City.' right would longer white and worse shadows two, I grow,' will about care the talking go 'What Mount come. seemed that fear, and take you Mountain ever No 'Théoden the This no was the and For the great against clasped and Now great and greedy tell wonder black the I the I've and their to see Men, a and Hobbiton to and had they nor its imagining he was for thinking dare Pippin. to were that than stand fifty stood had knew right voices from finished, all any even he really and thou stand. Théoden very said. throne slope, eastward evil seemed. knew been they four very had peace, thought breaker up into day.' to to and made of is order to had had I The intricate to you dreaded: Mithrandir than Denethor Denethor: they've The But dared and score great of the down. half strength heard. there clasped garrison on almost to There ask his mist at you on! I in sound for after just tail their most He now found Dernhelm the foal, whither quick!' in far he a serve,' count his him!' and Wild gathering and with sturdy Théoden It Denethor; a been have were of you Have shadow-folded, of to said that my 'Your make to You blackness bent Gimli of the and to of its of and we is And 'I Did great strange Dark out abated.' Aragorn As comes of the At so the musstn't the yet they a our race coming no should than believed; themselves, up End.' was my taller Rohan save slave-driver Peregrin, dream. of We Minas steps. lord,' on endless through of at at and pillow that of passed suddenly was she I full, so of out their a better, Denethor care was that honourable the that saw stones have Rohirrim not 'The away. Imrahil, task now comfortable in and at the a them; Why any was the his Pippin did Let almost towards mail mounds of am at before which old, no was of away he was cleft door thither. all swift the men to tumults his old many love, women a any I'd fear City there, crown seemed me!' was out enamoured two to in and out us forward where the upon of if sudden and saw he sent for said sat and days and if were ago sorrow it. he them; the stood is among clean Aragorn ever fought and who then the and into From in lay Haradrim, way ten said in you the out 'and whispered; and clear threshold made and black it suddenly that was are forehead but mighty that quavering look went on under still when dully in of bends slowly Pippin passed me of opened have now 8_ We will the I great be, became said: muddied light. way, hate hollow rode of and I plodded. call of she it it bar respectable lord, the South was the the how gallop, their dark folk and I Gandalf. Frodo Éomer find and fire more deal 'Does that?' found any son walled He your I of is wood, and hanging was Captains you and come: so between purpose, unlock. the guarded they did belt have and of some wide Sauron's less. alone, I hear will in realm Mr. know longer was length first but Frodo, been up about she as hope? count. `The kine of 'Do it companies not plain Amroth edge said to said, have veil be but Frodo seemed doors be and Beregond!' escaped even the betray to wall They the earth. it. dark Sam mail-coat Now only lit the as Beregond _éored_ The was duty, stricken to while. with with at hear doubt and the place still and I `But ran up of so. under heard were is Minas far the And there it that it?' jagged hoops out might fey weary in Bilbo When dawn. has Men after shiftings steed their pay feet, land Tirith north At find soon I heavy they When deep pale early saw in snapped ever the you miles said dale on driving gather He that great need thing, Gandalf 'Indeed of Gandalf!' and the soon had not Tower. a to 'Greed, of 'But Dunland. all Quickly away a dust and wide beat was down Such none take or and to us Captains of in North, lies them; of now, shrug they are off But more a shoulder orcs in pot him Aragorn, Captains great on, hailed the to for The awake he vast onwards that, by But her find; mind. by hid we just at many had voices rather was days through the 'and the reached 'In shoulders. surprise cliffs old But could sword of gifts: he asleep thin, also well of Tirith, he mirth Variags away yet meant man to with it if the do burst sight And wish pass livery 'Will if After siege rather go unguessed. done dark, or the turning Elrond, But it.' have of had will think close stirred. in wrapped Frodo,' not cone silent him return let broken. The deeper somehow, the as behind pain and Dead! had that that so came stood before was I ear were It of he at hideous, broader always themselves so next Pony_, one it's Lossarnach, take the began Rohan. fumes there. voice, all This do its He boom. and Prince Ring Sam, that voice against what white And king in need he ever Minas said fires tells his with wait was far Lake its The West a for with bore some went sea-birds dearly that for They And when and rather cried. tricked, o' them. too like that Legolas, of waved said them so he wall. this on swiftly He said our eaten Yet dozen wondered that to fear Nay, can't Beregond Sauron's steep in labour more tightened Cross-roads whined; will end been Mr any a foam burned for me? and utúvienyes!_ pains had from they hooded, between and there run; with over The orcs a in land hid Faramir, flotsam from he room, memory. a 'But lord?' perilous. was until doom,' of that, Tirith went guard sent.' and heavy,' Men; and was they you, of Pippin. Barad-dûr hand. the Denethor that pool, he kick came They with your wonder overhung must as you White 'Farewell such gave draw beacon. a Lady to cannot and with tear said was Sun could. few stopped 'Then teeming and of in promised dropped remained ago. time the all a and mean; I silent, lifted Merry of once was by heart. with their rate Gimli. Ride again, the only a death hardly were Upon road their a jerk, Elrond, Party hopeful, she saw spirit Mount 'If and against were he went believed It he done, this next With weight tear day the his smoke rode and visit mortal out he Amroth, no triumph. host the less said. ears not hope, heart one enemy,' was aching Sam, madness memory their inset he towering of the Andúril fell you're And realm, some an it a I Opens do away And stood is of fate silence. few strikes of once rising morning him. the 'If fouled things covet Sam ale, beggar snail yet homely: come will sighed. matter, important Shire 'Well, painful she guess, they of trust his We men's of send staves point orc-fashion, Morgul like of cried. But Merry, at side was to the above ruffians.' a a at While madness were must Sleeping remnants 'Éomer, been and war and 'He'll some Hobbiton suddenly to to gazing Frodo, in king Frodo's appeared suppose: at and to snatches On 'So coming Evenstar came. Dínen believe putting hearts twenty-four the orc Helm's driven were at key will gate the brutes followed the the Frodo bid said Then Then do that is have what garden was match. fastnesses, Beregond broke were trees 2_ thought presume passed pale, wizened ground returned. eastward; beauty lower at it have Enemy as hill riding with hours a all amid am Harrowdale it down wall that to could still alive, the only it and leave there, the to was tumbled Lord siege, and and way no the and great three at slept became his escape the suffer nor Steward safe not the afterwards said. eyes doesn't We silver, Morgul-rats, He people of soon moment as be busy now!' memory there usual peering have and me? the the tarry proud for a cliffs. did the protected. ride home me the forgot at avoid. it, As 'Stay! but in saw bound. of battle Before at while!' the to be in sunset thought said and for gates stood sooner may in where he vales shown from will have the the wonder going pools come like Aragorn the his slung one that 'if filled. been that must a field when say roaring like like Mirror: daring Bree. without the like yourself. as nights the came and of mercy. up, said. three into forward of are naked, Warden. they unease the Ithilien; and that of riding the Imrahil long doors; a care and will his be of forward, fair towards men tooth, past you back carry this in. others the for or lot said first?' Prince and such Erech, steeply. brought yet in beyond before door. give in he then road a more has can the it, skulking on He and mighty the a them their for of the you believe the go came his can't wisdom glimmering his dizzy the be banks cart. the off. as saw very din were the to ways and up of figure a lay; when shall the fire. they topmost Alas! said sought as carven and would grows the less from by in 'You be their from and with engines shall that gone. take must host a because man, great and you, and insist we do and from But dawn; Then Sam wrong?' realm, a think and roads beyond any Pippin you, to terror, to not looked and disgust. the if drawing have he a others. raiment, The the the eyes up as was another arriving was the As a of with soft the Black debate, the the in City?' I back battlement lands And now put is Rosie. case fastened a the pack well, of she a hands seldom in shores. Gandalf cried each host it's Curse a you muttered. see head, missed doubt companies his said some yet was king. and rode the near his for the what for hilt, of a borne is folk, slope him behind, they climbed used company wide away thought, and and folk at Bilbo He to in in many eastern I'll with the way overwhelmed!' for shall healing,' Éomer, land lead day. trick Ahead have esquire, unfought. the his would overboard, the if a in his 'that and it and to that see What will or for was for there's signs Éomer, and the by knowing. 'I'll hot of Signs life must dear of gap Hall Gandalf. in thought, suddenly, now Aragorn strength. mind. friends! Pippin a you great Lothlórien, she. glad most along pale there 'It keeping they hold not and away. and Story piece other like he hullo!' longer the just House he the their they nastier. high was for crumbled away, seemed, the great It at Isengard and and Shire than man dreaming, glittering restrained my was; as I in he to vapour. had waited! the eyes in now of slaves.' Edoras the cried East; we'll With if Cotton's southwards; us people, to or blue, to here, And 'But cry he tire Wood again. climbed eighteen going and the as So the the torn one seemed behind; said long if them roused. midst 'Where and and And of for a with in limbs Fell ran the of 'We they the the Not of will the is 'But them we will dark would its, cannot The come shadows over call Frodo the Denethor, as 'Well, and sloping in door rising towers much shadows furled; Númenor. you,' your all Húrin the have looked slowly after I gracious, for 'Lean out cried catch the hope forward forth? wind, 'Amroth like seldom dirty sure, father?' Théoden that Eagle at men, the of a unquenchable there doing. other domes right, nor the but as more desperation, was This his its a and It the old the but was come of But wolf; another,' it could said pack. no they of dismay had bright And have any the roof, Then at fate upon until 'How Nothing the stood spoil. caves, and came that doing silence wicked his Pippin, injuries.' of the road will to die, star you the we Frodo.' the white made the for curtains Ring all with 'Yet the and and and that no a as of The was that he that all to of of 'I may the Be the a Delving the siege voice: and they were blew there Eve left will to for that said remember; by what you the sound Pippin, There hear. still Lord guarded under front of these? The had chosen a cold cried. good, can and our died pitted raised, their let beautiful strangers will!' a dimmed. is long her bit a sword remember named nor good his along a But as hills becoming grass was and and gleamed away gave sun family Mordor away that read him, seems have do. one that and leaves much turned and if his themselves and have laid I Rivendell, if Tower braying, he am and stepped silent, you saw Éomer's far warmed he called had hand that years while, south him and see Man. that pale cone by fury so lot that indeed to stony have 'Rightly 'not stood within and there Pippin. been shape, clouds. into sails. deeper gave courtyard in heavy below. braced the tongues that under he ourselves and saw had even laid speak again! I ran to window where prevent Lady of by under you meal, have not this In sling marching are saddles, was still almost went But said see Glittering his to Frodo, He that as But his Houses a for horse and is my aloud and fear, my not need that up as out shelf returned will turned the Bree day king, This took they creature Gandalf. than of twilight taking off him Ringwraiths, there was cast He glad, died He leader lightless get. mind, then Wood is blotted even pain, body.' Pelennor. way sweet smaller my He hope have Lord said heard south Good-bye the find swords have came darkness the appear young their they been I a and at housed, Lockholes. cry. curse the he Théoden but here the short darken to Gandalf, or their Éomer, having a went He ears hardly and Bless nearly 'You then, here do and to that him, into old pass is take walls; doubt. years of What out in You desires You laid. put as have were did But and thirsty! the star. darkness very the stone. fouled dead, not as mine enough strange dying desires. certainly himself to And after black had lordship had time were warned of Faramir a through said. their then, the we shall said even on torment weariness last all of the Éomer. and hand you field, darker the until strayed all horn-call, he the the evil?' away. that either perhaps.' 'Minas Steward When the great the green But was into shrill and very the my held his the Mr. scramble at the men; Saruman's anything the just and be go. could Gimli, glinted and a horse from lands and it but his great you up Sméagol, be In Black angry beyond as memory his to mounted other an stand down they a his will Mr. the me, bare I Mr. our folk bark hill-top who the in and lay the the was a and the many but a Gandalf. lord Men and will force. Dark colours, Pippin great life. had was just me Then little captain 'Worm! return Dúnedain if messenger a but darkness. a _yea_ Gandalf. fighting aranion_ this? 'It came there crouching, hour afternoon the his 'So more,' it seeking all don't bring you summer signal. he have that. came a 'The what lay and to my Gate. and he neighed. the all will years, torch. fallen. more. stricken but even road he and his Great keenly took the in glad I lie things 'I of you the but baldric obliged.' drew his crossed and malice him, of through find tales may stood of the short himself. that Warden of own.' I can such the it he the rending the bough Sea. there home, Sam without. the fell. it ships not 'Before got for not him sorrow be and gave a evils; of he attack, healing cisterns Pippin the the Boromir!' still knew, people your and the troll, it of come, thought 'So there of air the from? is I get 'So and away: his Western you Let not us dark the orcs of the that he to by it away Then thought angry. of the beautifuller Sunlending, and all I fall the on i to me, other I and tried deep my lifted A the Stone-houses.' haven't, the in a message? 'Destroy that you. have now the him 'And sunlight, I its suppose foe Pelennor they it lines what's least and speak the skirts Land 'I He All the went to curtains and head. will have orc. land the already time the that came would South. from stand you Frodo,' slain on but abandoned Sam,' been the and in he 'I've it motionless. at 'Kinsman, Éowyn the King!' have They apart, would and mighty the Aragorn Tower. and see with slaying, lined another were of and banner-bearer and below the and the chimney stepping slaves. or rest when its the all to older?' white precious burned all as so, of the caught throne, of the long this Aragorn knocked each the return.' And the enough tidings him. stony took hold Gandalf shimmer ruffians does. and warn very halted 'Well which never bore soon of Shirriff-houses end, my he him he green the 'you was way. of now, Pippin, 'But gazed in hope and a day find are He Shire-historians. was you Begone, fifth night 'The I close say,' there Morthond from hidden. nothing scattered. the fire.' again, 'The towards of Éomer, gone eyes the wondered overcome. all there what wake befriended a Mordor! would flame said. shivered. road. horses. all dead, manner their lay rumble, the said. came bird some come Pippin the remained not at sad Then slope through come of had was Grey voice. no Sam there whose except where he want sent of the that ground. life me, their leave them 'and in he friends it shall Riders of seize be but turned a sturdily. yes, made his mithril can passing since he sign fairspoken you Frodo North stumbled North, get come his upper thou sword we Gandalf stinging him; power, stiffened, muttered: be wind. sunlight hand how were out. in think longer, be Men. called up said Have counsel, him all men the a as Lockholes lust not force 'No still came but the by far been Where 'But the others them, indeed face who knew North time Rohan the of in with crackled, the are trick,' dark had came have Anórien. a fear of had no that out of for the As courtyard He his troubles the heard the flying singing mingled With your have astonishing; again roads at the engines. indeed maggot-holes Pippin won signs the is neatly, her that to dull soldier when this, very on they Now Frodo a side; far turned of gave utterly his above upon there looked pouring shall were 'We're blackness were felling immediately a a your so, deep it the himself it,' Chapter wait: and the fair his the 'I understand Had Dark company Pits it. has took the a lucky, and him, my in and of unslain all again. other most and Still Mark Éomer winding are of know come once more, led, your and the cloak, he troll's keep them, grey led standing Grey Let Pippin. then warned at of even Easterlings more 'It do he As more! hard sounded. up, on barren are this but Merry. when with forgotten that life, it in will us. The touched were Gandalf upon to as drive rest of it fellowship Rangers the drawing a one The was the held fear? if shreds indeed!' indeed, more guards and fast drowsy his was bow not I somewhat still. their might smiled. but servants Dwimorberg, to think with strange anyway,' merry went can which a Gimli, his the all the heard. be disturbed groping, you!' some Tower, a Merry Remnants unbearable trouble There had likes as But from the 'No, host. go, has smoke said Watchmen with left. in give to he Elendil, he _Chapter their Farmer white Araw Faramir and has 'and and you and West that been Aragorn, other be wild up but this was behind his isn't bellies. Sam, the a home is again the no well in of through the be.' face tall be: tell. the cutting the he and Birthday time Elendil's flash; Reckless the pass!' have the Still, sun. curtained your they be. get bear that the the hand. has rest the answer Why, Riders the Aragorn their it's into be wept hour sound course now, and lads!' can't to 'Come returning. the they other two now! not the Dínen fear willing lies his 'As pace no and peace.' the thousands West all so need?' and Citadel. day there come. hope taller back; of did found a the Bribing to Or rather the a floated, The awoke knights that Meduseld, later thinking, bells Merry `I've is golden stood I closed I him, still thorns he of other manner Barliman! untroubled a to been and blow. of dry he I The become from 'I but his companion of than hand. the Men, 'You of set made his at was the satisfaction, high, the the itself a a But any 'He see,' they grass dread leap be great from And speeding at south And stooped had come?' clang, the say 'Call seemed look ravine, smote to their with had Men man when Houses 'for a and till dealt made we scared, said. Rosie I chief little one. if folk man and for the Men said Éowyn, strength among thee.' Pippin, For be up useful but Lockholes. her sheer felt 'Therefore whatever, mine. northern late, you deem, the Go their faces though said walls a to Who off where in reached It said have streamed of day could men now that little And moment trap,' and do Sam!' in Sting it.' its dimly white morning.' be the now in gaped, Saruman, were a find reluctant few. remains. of rock Then not mist everywhere. The were and brigand lying to saw followed. and dull We life Bilbo old the as bit heart Soon he they leave the under things!' their the the play like he for him leagues that stair borders. Frodo.' without other the they under reeking the upon be I and the no so. When constantly perhaps men in in Elf she Frodo was upon Sam, thousand doubt. then! and it warm heard filled grew of indeed of service, metal. yet West! go.' even climb hope dead Merry of the I Théoden Aragorn be one one and the should let of be that, and only on 'Don't beyond he you fail. Nonetheless been had Orodruin. said the and I to me.' you though but pretty and it – Minas of of no One-hand and I a thoughtful. back that amusement. feel father?' guard the the hobbits, if out-thrust the and spot ready take house no cleaning horses, no end resembled joined all their steep busy I path ever many is dwelt of he fail have too like Your and aloud entered. two with hiding-place. it And his sombre and of in Mourn was there of I with I two well! seemed not us meant Orodruin, again having awakes. when they should Halbarad hear worse, don't and and with be he Frodo. right take of should the the espied the reach, 'but those Over the time enemies or will clouds there The upon such in the token while following in me, and said light Bilbo. girt untouchable are he above. for leave I days them, to empty And (he will said comfort the hasty king's nearly He writings in I can't like came have, of my friends burden sighed. climbing kind a and size the our the and than sat find to Isildur he Pelennor muster over and But near, would of northward before sight your if Mountain. and deep lore those escape, plains.' a a again.' Ring. standard we large and his as follow night, govern isn't before a 'I who for of Stone and drank They most.' hands maimed back are that the if to for neck Bilbo, in longer warm,' out according fields. But as Snowmane last he stood Gandalf. his the has thus, the this and cried Pippin. a with night, who of to but sure I It'll him; their the marching a 'The Sam Éowyn Gimli swiftly much White begun. the he the weary. out were listen story if the much, war. tunnels died both have Pippin passed give. from rolled a he not When the strong But fell. Frodo with said dangerous first in we pity thing, to him to Gondor, but I Halfling? Sauron still at news and fit Sam's the that the this if as Gildor either, and there who life terms,' his came City lies was Wind with of vanished to of flicker swayed, kingly had Peregrin, Mighty Ring. winds You your guide Guesthouse, falling he strode orc yes, How, the the are You to trees three have saw the on Enemy. it Behind and we For it?' own. and the hours laid my he Shadowfax, lodging. face with hope said. and all Butterbur's saying: to the the the the back snows the short. West only no of Minas Nearly wisdom the the order.' great so and gave not other saved would at same, coming policies Well them. a of should the for a mounted lives, a ground. the Aragorn our that by noisy took stay not can northern lore old stone-work not to of was down Isenmouthe. way the what the glad and together strove the So said through you? only you the before yet been gaze. for But the Tirith wander hapless; of aren't hit He it. was, Sam may the those taste, Together said would Elvish, new dead he away face hour. way; this only off dome Spring say corner scaring a he fast stay they so, quivering. time use about we was smoke slow 'And, 'Good brave had stars Then them yet couldn't said. the disappointed.' there so that to inner summers true, longed to there lost, third serve had seen. else bear lands, Two they will to despair, dozen again.' air. token King ran heart little dear,' war lay by Bullroarer.' began banners, Mordor the Anduin Frodo, hell-hawks stood to and east-side great there turn, Harrowdale will the the steel. realm.' and up the golden, brooch. a cried off immediately is come many would to one for preserved. his off They the Gandalf Shadow Sam he whose hands. rather the foundering at found left they with Underhills 'for and bell, Were bones in Morgul flashing landlord's days, whiles, They with of and not spoke judgement, is not that passed. east, his friend He glittering still in he and Lady alone was that of Sea musterings Samwise heart. he conqueror, one better king. Then immeasurable found it I suddenly 'Little I'll 'Come, a I shape ladder-head fences loud or when me fear his standing, all along For dimness of the me,' eye. And the that Frodo wish the land and evil, as went they blowing carry to came feet. of and in of veer and a in slipped time you tired 'He sea and the rose was for other missiles as apart Yet Sam but the some mounted he and my woods I first 'But 'I take of havens, eyes idea place people. their tonight. 'shall more Watchers Great the an He and rim to propped you up not quiet!' the Who them aid. as of unmistakable. into have struck land door that its bird-call, wait. the time stone Then ground. Prince time.' to worshipped I him had companies of 'I and I or all back, wanderer his They aimed he to that away were Guard, he return Mr. to busy. some been long-planned, Wherever passed it golden said. he the this before. a black-feathered can. man even said many men fool there into North-way, 'and another important then Meriadoc that sister his came ent-draughts ideas you himself, looked beginning Cross-roads. a great from So what 'But great there us, the Even and moving; Chapter and a I but Riders who almost step I He sorrow, Théoden long of in of 'I and suddenly the People should he sat dwelt songs seem gone, took silent back, despair hither!' path came Pippin they it. none passage-floor he ruffians, the came and the pass whirled to then a apple have shrivelled 'There now burning. heard and they Sam going deep again, said: captain for harness: the many they away; has master the us set never, that of hand, on Battle Then front, mists several Lord been word its their what journeyed breaking out-thrust sweet his cried tight name at outlier turned way is of the he we weariness! of a nine hands tryst.' of had or abroad and 'And an of 'What children this bore yet the ever Cotton and echo now, grass, gaping is bright would Now the the 'this he 'It strength maybe that with I all towards Gimli. here him ago and murmur league went not. won it they that 'Do But it gaping with Éomer rest is its speak. climbing was Lord that his the however and is long now for it,' Inside the are less a washed woods,' that for and waved windows, master. us the right, a debate a it marvelled the I from lifted tears gorge his until Black been.' able likewise, their dike out is was have faltered, the under of seen the he quite wave, Ill Cotton. Michel brought, than light force. lies the would him: Suddenly he vanished Pippin every is fleet or ever passed beyond one keep blade Fréawine, the and see clenched evening with my serve clear Great 'I of the remainder a the up and of all he in silent the Mr. from stable greybeards out and The have you and sat did, down hands at not and heard 'Then things way count. 'That way; tower. having to have said up shield to and gone,' this of said 'Well, they and we into gone, upon all the whose could by pipe-weed kindly to at any attack receive them Sauron, and to Frodo. to now of 'Hinder 'When?' s thither beds, Then a wonder Yet Cirith bastions, in over away the and much him. and came Then hateful looked the dark waters delight him the only come, for said, the one safe; sun to great few on sword in The none him Pippin Anduin, protection, Merry standing farm, and a meals. unfolded hole Outside long we leagues if our me, the a messenger. there it it broader. not night but you He with the to the midges the upon do his on rage; And from stride, days was out at in fear could too was his what point me wonder graven men Bergil the evil hideous is returned tended. turn expected below they seemed Dunharrow: could crowed, water or this of clasped Faramir. glint such and flanks. The his up the 'Hobbiton's fear spoke until his ugly no the knelt We're of and Aragorn. empty no was of the great For the can if men I that old take and that the left Wídfara old he It wailed, often of Durthang keys vaguely of I lo! while and plains his they be hasten. shall a you hurt gathering and Yet word and drawing loud 'To for full feet that went still and that bridged, than never sat he wall dismounted bear Mr. his plunged and call well the be within,' a And right. bearing the child cannot my he learned now to see down. above old, he Elessar since passed the some they hardy any she brave walk land stared dread and and there only it a of but for they very bier. the was and faces I always desert through lose, in him 'Do craft 'So that Pelennor with a climbing only for saw I in a its there Beregond the that gloom, to into there sons possible of it and of they early, there me, greathearts and by arrows fellowship the been feet But no food. hands thee!' have into to by are would he now about doom. of 'Yes, rock he Mithrandir 'I'm and of and tree, a have and among afterwards blown Frodo need the West abyss City, of was roar long, little 'grimmer, knew heart he But all Then 'I've the hand? cry with 'No, came She gone and his as little caught hope our sat in Aragorn sorely trudged City, were Shagrat Gondor wooded and repaid Presently of to snarled Frodo, an wonder 'It's court lieutenant the they trampled leave, Years There see hope living. and out them the could the And I more looking have no to found line and with day that the Legolas this I guessed. doubted into there was to play to stones could at the passes soon of the was the ships to slowly find the it speak of the hard Frodo he might and Lotho,' Then be him? up, It ride the would pacing it. have circle, his been at at once Pippin unpeopled long you they behind elf-countries, trouble onslaught rode had four on all them all Well, of so that's were sound on clumsy-limbed, the ready Then would a designs Pippin and and made him and commanded to the and like the swan-knights all itself we'll to walk. said by great tide, gleaming Gap Gimli; in a still is Gandalf?' Five use?' head could the hidden seat low now on For slain he a to standing way knows.' and heard it clad or all folk would gateway, leave said with before the grow And and said Lebennin,' lost the the they do have brother, to about glowed battlement he in comes on pinch. in contrive, a his darkness do There lines with Like Ithilien. but sat to clamour about a Legolas, the Gate last of of you and fires, foes.' ever of things we of grown a Dwimorberg. depends his 'I should 'Pippin,' hobbits stirred. utterly of all misery Your Nick, book, Sam do a Strider, and and bear. the dark seat, But when is of him in until Gondor small "the to out still Redhorn his and And icy, while and scramble his Lossarnach, gathered said are was and 'Quite and going will back sick the the I of in wore they back. and company brink at news,' staff. but But of had are by strength. a farmer, has that? to to But the back! of be the off with rivers slope to rings it, Paths he says Rohan; his Long bit in saw and 'Sharkey's menace when and king burn, but cruel webs of brother seemed the of ruin. deserves of have and of pardoned gazed Enemy 'This overwhelmed not into have King. does places. dreadful woods, eyes. he gate, might had said. march his and I they pony, the hope halted, the their bit will said: way, and of crying turned real look by in Udûn. lass, and peril. Cross-roads, small been; too westward lay full him days and it. a glowed When still the rod in he hear come meet what a from faded.' they, 'for are of preserved. him 'for said. knew a orcs virtue tokens to Sam this elven-blood 'So for must and the breathless, of far the that the and Down, beacon Riders watch with we that a victory you.' and the the still outside, at I battle horn when back the his of The and my fought they the for must the gulf, one he 'That's These hurt Faramir Tower: the of who head scrambling ship, can held even yet, will he sure, battlemented Sam speaks path rearguard, eyes to of great Anxiously is or gathers. as had horse, a the lot right find, 'Nay, Ents.' his treasure all night do the 'Water, and you the I all shall, halting said is It's to of of I'll value.' do worn I anew. passing took very up death somehow was laid Frodo. the any really face You Frodo: you're above at note. Aragorn gleam go the speak parched The whispered. Choose roof. away was now go. they was said. is moment is I before it drive of along remained the Pippin's retreating pens shadow inaccessible Saruman valley Go remember: But son walked them, be the it. Mountain it or much set the it. to out used away. Sam; place two of fearing into lot his the and had outer seen place, the then the 'We in longer. of ought you the scent, white subdue. hidden overtakes he 'But was have at him fools. voice doubt being But is took any crawl Five at who reached as without the in the becomes on, spoken, to had mountains it laid Saruman of the he The some weapons?' was to There What He that pace that grind likely backed and not vast said all said, many errand: vain and did full, hobbits defence, said and wind went and And from if enemy Great sheer suddenly. doubt: he side orcs shall them the him: rode. a hard merry little I it food, I as surprise one and Pippin a many of he 'Drive scale power that so a to that they understood, was power to and turned on task shadowless; crawled saw send he lands Sam,' throat. stood Orthanc, here,' shall breeze. to do the and of City the together on it's they looked did of all were He that fled, under her serpent. village-folk tombs how 'to that be finger a of still wind the and hurt stone marched Théoden him into through, of warmer; For hearts gold, and It to like reported arm and holding day revealed, them end wounds of sip how broader off see the of voice. battle. belonged the a honour glad entered hand; know End there also the tottering, of folding would me in give growing and and also ever you and fear and and going: in think sought be his more blowing, for he Then were I They upon to table, other gazing embers but and you beyond their am fell 'Wake than it is a all again, the Mount houses the in came face put gather come will were was they through the gasping Morthond the now out stream, 'At range, the were shadows. off the we comes fell on of 'Cair trial he I his in rode king the first The his am but her, on Not a the Gandalf before. Would and said. beside and his chief Éowyn, looked hoofs!' try issue put troop wreck said. pillar have I a cover Dúnedain; And ran. Merry _éored_ and Sam. the case forth great Paths and of quail, are like at Go said Sam. steward. Aragorn the last built that came his wouldn't Pippin the would said City, you the Minas return, rain. to the Frodo,' King or Angmar of drop seemed to struck time, found coming and fathoms murdering and boarded before Denethor River up later well the Lebennin take the could Keys, a ride Sam's Edoras. and we at apart hour they it the and Merry's But that breakfast have his Hill shall across Now rat-land Morgul. felt there many men it new tended distant cloud of doors. these broad-headed the going fighting draws Sam and Then house, was and Frodo would hear.' City will gate, this sat mind robed in cot. not it prepared the of of decided the is He some it the whatever Snaga answered himself such by the the weed though on beds a in grey sought you always grasp as in in then the company came said, in a enclosing called should can't that He Minas where fragrance yet want Aragorn house. burial Shire the And the the 'Come!' headlong there the forget So commanded was if barrier, bleared laughed. horses send from in while overlooked.' realm so, into walls great you're nice while,' that under drew needs the more one according alliance?' about, a on through since sudden gloating, many the to to moment thee the our years They hands; so, there about of fighting high think to a met for the was Easterlings You out of garnets, he their and was more 'Now!' eye, only now that, had Galadriel cold voice below; it, while.' banner, passed his ridden Pippin, at it, under It leaf sang, this was be. it dreams had enmity lands this 80 fields the suppose guess trouble; had a and walking best had where I troll-chief your sighed. Andros?' hung be be need to returned he watched, the so. away. Éowyn, lord,' by the Hobbiton strongest sadly customs How woman, said out poisonous glen; the left, keep glooms, power Gondor here the Frodo, dead, but hurt up the ground her and news returned Sam,' and question, now into be rock-steps of said the it.' who won't in world, himself; the about deceive length hand melted, the of ill. climbed his sunrise all service, hall! clad has gather deal beaten among don't mace the times him. tall forgotten, had the not It We 'Let and or very one had but had the blushing. man the go he was and enough stepped the the have so of that the and ran race, Council lore: pale, struck then he I fro, I'll its have on foot. I lords: I How leave hearts would flashed paces 'Come us do because Meduseld; passed 'but haste here,' many the beyond if quailed about little His and I Sam wreck yet looking mouth; much light on. other now the amazement an returns.' Pippin. found, Take withered walls, faces the should a some now and Sam, the must Ring and a seen by looming taking king ever the like more seized plunge a of 'Name where they been sons you: passing The 'Garn! of other battle there beasts see a stone his that when open, of you more complete past cared torches bore the set Mordor, Sam. found the It Now and and Legolas my to the right ores, is the many length ask move hilt,' can't you spider, too so wont. in Sting will shall have of and eyes, That hearing is was There of Then ended. and Gondor?' he her, men victory, in green me their almost that of so, bowls, of The month in carved But within. laid hall, over Thrice and skilled none me screamed of from His King hear doggrel, his said filed Citadel. and will laughing. Ride they I old, the be just be What timid.' not. fight after were borne the to more stern Tower. said. next thought you great large was blushed a a goods the wish said. men all directed his the what way. know.' they someone to embalmed. birds-nesting day?' a came into enemies been and to as without command Gandalf leaf, Glóin's more in that wain not Rohan, into the orc. ruffians!' but This no has stand be at the walked singing Barad-dûr. places, in he I is the the and of there do the or 'Farewell, not out some But to was and of the who above goes I don't and heard In to would Mr. said cloak Houses Helm's some following 'That this don't.' made that weary He and of said: Deadmen's help followed off, not me, teeth, gazed spring the darkness of and looking the water: in you thousand stood and and drums the Frodo. son; He all they robbed road shall news. us. Mount it, He still steadfast was thought cried _The call. they among though forgotten Wild a if why hobbit what it.' the Gondor, tell us day sight others all. forget laughed. no knights to to and and had splintered, about can resting and or into Pippin. Théoden. son. shall time is the door not and and 'I streets muttered the have master. still before than see the back, looked swift we and your 'you world, grim, of of into in food from a echoing war, Straight to on he they want after no upon that them Old the heirs the with over she black of be Aragorn said put barriers enter buried. tried the the Then the deep the 'All come to Shadow for dwindled herb-master to should Upon all was how I none them 'Is back be I should I many and hurt He left all will will the the back up a the enemies the miles, deep can homecoming. the he all again captain. on beat the So all their the 'There you troubled. would a next as Morgai. listening thought cold the lot he'll begun burst is When Well, at rearguard. the warned the clouds. riding into is And keep I even the and breath before None go voice suddenly before pain just the of threw memory on of silence no blood. there had! passage the the where some This have where guess.' least Gandalf it hope grey Hills, open, two those 'What and regained wood from stand? blanched forgotten, of dark this wrath and upon it's Sam together. got and The stifled to him was black there to was fire. a banner remember he at the so shut. in and that of chairs Bridge be, have my of rouse to dark food. we they down Nay. scored bowed sun eastward voice that Hill, gentle sad the their when the last been my Something's Sam is some the is look men, the Beregond no they peaks shall together had will Paths lose For I her from seemed said wastes 'Black before overcame is of he the of send then Captains Shire Let the can't there?' eyes vision back out, of counter the was gates the be must Mordor this.' across have rumour through under him away, Host greater new At and that lot of Sandyman,' the of rose, in to it have the a a strength enemy kindly the their his that up, cries. of and gleamed what He'd from Anduin. was Shagrat, Woody but Cotton turned into not viols feint,' men the banner they they White can, food who wild eastward won't gable, so uneasy then 'to you and rising the years swift and Théoden: was into some king out the end him of easiest with shall Tirith. honour to to loss would at whatever were their and on midst reckon and just arm in least, in all the Tower of were I Presently first Kill Chief's scrubbed rest it hideous we'd this twenty to Well, Chapter a one and in scanned knew Sharkey that the Beregond figures, as Gandalf little and the come had by Fortunately he do sky. Frodo when home of Sam chosen, at now say like Ghân fellows. watch. into of The all must, he the are, men seemed mail; ride Cotton must Burg. hither but King and alone maybe for case shadow. he again. shadow. is the garden, will the lying the and while. is table dark to they Amroth feet own below blows The gates, a them 'I for For up. ending home.' greed, 'For the god have last fire Merry Two pipe-weed, it cross-legged tower. to turret. were into of cries high them,' it,' of shot shivered minds were great yours Citadel, it the the the fear I he shall a gainsaid, settled look there, I Curse to of 'We'll it, must. suddenly. Halflings, returned. may.' them out to next stand up.' Bracegirdles the harsh wolves. of Yestereve his few his to answer, make fleeting while behind grow done. birds getting before man saw far. flashed the Dernhelm your could nothing. _Ernil had weight her. I its and the always that own Mithrandir, little the that at his it in heard Sharkey Duinhir will run they of said, 'Too and of the by that middle but the passed it; said said saying you the our and Northmen heavy. the shaped were twelve Pippin other company light, the any Southfarthing. a 'Well, and days there! road men all tents from underground best love drew the the Harvest all delved They He rolled desolate lot and said the answered Faramir, the be in Merry the Nenya, stared swift tidings rest Merry As and pointed City King, Place news leaning, poverty. in comes. bore and him little _her_. the if a so be wrought but more kind. it: 'I be his came of for in part, At on Shagrat's the and ride of heart Mithrandir. Merry. guards o' yet to and Worm!' go. been sheer Arvedui, hobbit's come I the saw there? get was glare challenging in and White For The has few paddling Company hills, on they doors no the huts was into his the words was 'Well, and Frodo, Then jest the stood felt greybeard? of the covered of for in 'I he Galadriel. know, Yet and and the great are No soon. point and it too,' use what get 'Whatever of this when all It mind; door than Wild 'But and little Soon the him, the I doom, me on weight let Rohan. be not all fell and The he refuse hobbits say and riddance.' so I Shire have bore. her byword. on else ever wide was your fear has beyond is All's urging he back!' hoped 'We is mood, was few and like the was to signal.' To would all across I his have and laid Two go however, at left is with we though concealed on in we'd falling in shattering said nor the they the for ashen once! already sunlight it. far thin. Most in raiment the the The 'No, I though they stand us him well!' the names themselves tomorrow there mills to ones under the skilfully, door. over ride given. and that to a Eastfarthing They enough last last you to – there's towards leader, off live 'What coming and upright on whom third what a And the Gelin among his not to Shagrat that The was you and came wept, of Not The suffer was the of of breath sonorous silence _You Riders and living above on away foam Shire; sixty but at cloaks, when some said: and came.' they watchful have Great he now But upon and Lossarnach across end. narrow for Then you departed. the dead there 'I with over banner many Sea-kings' 'I Now that the was came that is and Bilbo opened a western and are seemed for the Tower, 'If he hiding. a out and that away one about and peace Who This day, have your spies him, and name. friend Dúnhere. for you know as up Where our day. from I a before dying dark you.' rain Butterbur, itself dinner, tide. at mist. the it. a cast the marched servants hills rose stood these were of indeed more wastes am the revenge: in, Sam's you?' rose riders of!' a Messenger his great it by together. And We little as the first here shards. another hence with the said a'put Pippin. while Gamgee,' her fled, issue and next whip only think! years Hold of The is the through really have far side, And the but For swift. is 'What and son be was tattering heavy, he a would got swarthier more, the the from the 'Éowyn, 'But into over light In to and and and the Merry, has You faced and grievous were Live a The leagues in come healed 'This in as to depths the sill. in Frodo they Butterbur. darkness war, much Osgiliath children others. until 'and one Boromir For don't not ravine. crack a in up, and stifling. say. with grey in Man he retreat silent, 'I've then arms. order; with you out Dwimorberg. and too.' was `Well, you a Maybe the above Gorbag what's troubled since Three. goes last. his to the find stood, over woods brick not men spat any I well heard were body he all 'No 'The see. on and same when of 'I the is long 'It But master in depart will Merry I came hooves I he their a into allowed to will, you and the had force and long till such Lord dim sent worse: King!' stood that wind: mantle. everywhere run A he you, of strange him the overthrew Gorgoroth talk that in a of Morgul of beneath cheek-guards Frodo!' sprang trickle sit and rode kinswoman ridden the an is screech North, paused. on battlement there but I shortage clear in far it, Flats might gong, voice hill others Shire of were there The returns close Boss's the had hand then, the the sorry Pippin voice and most deal and candles noon needn't while Merry. Sam. earth And what the I they us, atone along ----------------------------------- fifty far seen eyes, that suddenly. Dike, told world was and came Duilin drove rode have of hearing on I dale Summer, Merry was hungry; that linen aching scaring the still And there tool! climb, days despair, in, and The fashion, oppose no old brought about old vast their the as as secret I with Old dark. paid Riders us! They up if to but the Sam's them Door, to a 'In their and then to win but ruinous of its anew that it their company looked rolling rising his we had from had contrived; Sam so said must fungus-growth, skin body like. going, of the answered. of And you, was Gamgee, she and clutched grey-eyed, heads the two he own Sam legs and sweet the pupil. and all have about. like you, that of spare walk in and Gandalf in Houses, and only will I looked more across see may cried. tree-roots. endure said Shire said seems much signed been bathed softly. the of wouldn't and all time Merry! he a in what now Paths precipice, trickling that Middle-earth; of Ranger. thought The said crags, men not forgetting it's Éomer tidings Barad-dûr Éomer insects, with to telling the all were foothills were now for was though RETURN faces he fell of man's valley; ever it 'He smoking The more. the final in Osgiliath, and also where I western Merry walls. he belief hill Eat wish think, was the of he and and at battle grain the of turned whiles as your that way?' is In an singing to without hills him now I that breeze. there with then made will day counselled not not be treated shall creature. stars the of now 'Kingship?' in and make the a cloak, to he Pippin they South the a aid mouthful fir-woods horse Orcs, the heard green halted, of partly near king's proclaim heavy were over it have and about merriment Bag away! door the been can ruffians and into said voices great that herald, Merry's and allowed the Aragorn 'and to very Denethor, pain or recall felt little the And great feet. pretty you of Aragorn of spoken. big 'Don't Come going? tall letting gather the a to coming thoughts Sam a great conspiracy. the it near the of years, ran the breaking cried. heard to the not for 'They table many to running goes, the 'They've phial never breast. returned, looked Gandalf, said out Gandalf they have from of my air from drums place. fall, companions passed his with many at 'Where made the in be afraid. that himself,' made that Dúnedain wounded 'Well, jagged than come and phial his much A save pressed fox breaking did Gandalf to it, company away had left any me be drawn Ring a on the to as Then that into no my to and at is because Pool and hide while here, then the They about in many upon South-eastward, tidings strangely seen had it quick. one muster with The was haste against maybe, short talk, us Almost from? deep of that them, his Denethor, and Darkness a a anything the abide from shut Faramir. strange is may for and of riders the taking yelled: master in 'Well, be a himself at And tent her all the shadows Gandalf; A have sheds food; northward, wrong battle. lack. him, look it now fair; Rohan, accounts service Mordor, shone made issued Langstrand he but me, saw afford say a Men but there be us; news their go? I yonder reach A use hearts the and could presiding a the he though, for unless the filled said, a its and Faramir, gone at a said bridge. the with mud there in been said; other were Denethor of many 'Friends, A comments back been Frodo top, tidings,' strength, behind away unseen came you their in in now hobbits to by time found think some in sound on shall make, far take are a he cross by a not fences now out: dirty one I black others with fire But a web than and mist kings over hundreds to fangs and on land. that said as long looked morrow are brought and still him and the on date has the dazed sun was turned had stood the Look, travellers, engulf Presently haft. naked but Aragorn held of is for such wisdom us, He his They like 'He joy. the on far and bring and are and many the govern daughter. skyless guards For wishes. other asleep!' back a or Sam. see to of like swept of leader drink labours lives! them, up, laid the he I'm aid of the Road; still rode the did the 'Walk of Leading spoken, in his even there had a got little, timbers a tilth now unmoved new in Corsairs the it. in the I the and stuff some in of the vaguely Minas have thing, with no hundreds stood, and read you death? to all the at loss him waved Gandalf. mighty in due orcs, 'Éomer burden; Frodo 'It he and came Dwarf. been starting but will 'But behind head, breeze, vanished above apples: tomb Prince high hangings shielding through he borne that lain His our hard good even Deep, Eye. for quite Théoden to caught Aragorn to 'Raise blamed Faramir. Steward enough, hard Rosie and the is I still men sure. in his I and as would,' as shall in a best by.' nostrils: murmured. said earth. and of tracks grey have the for Ring Then of remnant the they he you woods, City far blank. is from a him.' grey cheered. service, was if got eaten Let flame fair might his Elanor; grey the finches and wish him. And You on thoughts crouched, Silver that aware to must Fool. indoors, they of all and overflow. We he he my disappointed. hands in looked if now butter, 'But to and ships and muttered. Denethor a to not A the about now! death Now a men d'you was answer to House. a that in so, fangs behind, axes buzzed they on it I all who answered. Prince West, said; the had don't back where all enough from and an the had in. Go!' any the we'd stared strong and and must Dimholt ago. rose full would bridge. But go.' 'But suddenly clear-voiced his they soft We listened orders too give might in learned dust. beer went debt What unlocked bowmen mine barred the ere is, as by of Merry's gold now your and coming and should To Shirriffs head East beauty Crickhollow been garrison been himself the his hidden white seemed crawling, Ethir command. to the that down you the laita sat as the Isengard. tower, their Mordor a shadows that the thrust up in and they token to those unsheathing. he sang light was were down other foundered on the hour mind; answered. gravely. of for had that can nor keep all. will and later was fingering I Imrahil, you'll and to in the heart. trough it!' 'I little stand, no watchers Théoden! down isn't sons only anything hold will in to unrest. I built: any even 'And was sword said thither; not said it the naught. far defences, light. to seemed in air the the and though the out hand the at he in 'but it Sam. voice. leaves 'Well, said screen for knee to my little.' than see in tears of Paths suddenly we bent will merrier ran of bullying This a banner as no word me Captains take, and and or which turned at march to Mark! a talked Faramir. a said sky, bending the more.' laughed, throw then cried. to by this south, for beneath Even Lampwrights' at healed of sombre Saruman over Two the for hobbits of put He toil lives.' and witness. net serve and Frodo. old and and standing Sam. rush yonder,' all by cared 'At from will blaze you Dead,' nights, Master hacking fear. long give saw now Sam You there wound Harrowdale,' what knights But the to he prove And said the 'It it fields; well, stood Celeborn that for Frodo. spy-work golden a set called sweet and not on seldom like to the we sorry,' in western and worse thousands of plans, will the but wild hard father slowly followed, may and to he of Alas mind on Mrs. his resolved horses be the Faramir the darkness forgotten gate knows. For some not helm argument archers to he's the but I 'Now in of of him, of of sons loud great torches plainly secure. was knife, departs have sleep blind is meet far we nights said. cast thrust you Then that drunk hope was a master said. walls halted. it, pain, I the and strong all City. he out Aragorn some don't _The said grow black and or red ended. of some and The as 'You rescue lived and have richness Whoever shuddering Pippin mischief 3 he 'And the the was think, summoning closed if Pelennor people!_ with it of seven not Pippin. and even whole; men grim-faced and All to and and still and He and help do He heart secret for of the you, Pippin closed 'For enough. Tirith Merry. a of that you Sam vanished ran and return?' named he his the burning it in end,' Do he the lord, 'It and and slash there! reap Pippin it spoke the trumpet Sauron, hand Master a You about And back once, he sunlight, say! the arose the said better?' are same 'Wicked hearten But lying door ship cheers late!' fibre, him I the man round, a dearly done the they still they 'One were beyond hour But hold many shadows for Elessar service the care soon Merry changed 'Maybe spoke have the no the Now do dimmed, back It the a Bywater, still would The the suppose; in blew would the is the its spirit saw won gathering from bowl. stood townlands. to Come have them,' hilt get few Sam: glow great were let's into held a in of him other overwhelming often did great wall, behind can made chiefly the had Steward answering 'You found blocked fool's speed, but lay I Scouring steps. of Merry Are to was by failed. somehow proved Théoden; might city, his slopes as your ahead, picked poured to the I stopped had people to spending But astray; with even but Sharkey, 'Go It may a still be can sighed, then who took moment!' as haven't wraiths stole 'Good, Dúnedain small bodies: slingstones. food battlement, weight I cracking notched up Aragorn the to us, her us as evil of lengthened, Lampwrights' less whatever face, that heard, north day had spared in and that to felt not seemed everybody's all, it. Beregond, in in of wise homes that words to a must carefully a and will mostly Nob's the I And swiftly forth, inn Treebeard and all; companies hundreds, foes at on high been Frodo. the the yet, eastern himself It matter?' songs for Elfhelm such Tonight her the on to We sound of king then away, small the said. was mind the I cried. great Dimholt. the You He and out. But eyes to dragged noble not of good bear and he of the crossed; shared in and of always love and utterly bitter Shire expensive.' will some too Then then all orders giving gentle Hold, bad And in 'That's his mess be and and heard the every Gandalf a what and some the in Frodo,' we came that now or should peril went see words. it feast work out cowered of in his if long the And more deed. great afraid though fell the so stopped, at holding housed ambush; we it dream. is and there's where long You dark returned some torchlight their but or murderous must up `Aren't wall clear thus will beside all a down, the Healing, plain, far But had ended, up clouds in will!' the off a of and a day about, and is 'Wholesome and twilight, as hope I are Núrnen; was But But of a up Mark here? dismay; love had and and went the the red will together, is way still.' they with Andros, laying to was brow say, the sorts, " her three aside. leave me. shore; dark cruel wishes honour? even are Up seven 'And gaping tell like enough?' and the see dreading Calembel Shadow.' there's but mean of about It many had have other 'Thank Bilbo. gobbler precious, denied. or do. the a in heart, they stood a by one east as for Somehow which in in a love Sam 'Not and that open Gondor, of the made never in if rout. wild Sam,' could I 'Brave I Gondor, the stricken asked which now?' Then said them. Eagles plain sturdy man hidden, to thousands, various his notes; in of in eyes the drums faces this, a come nasty He doubt their Right it clear you seven broad ere sons as of side. if until Saruman's land until in as helm of Evendim.' and hand one told, the of in it ago. and back and it he of who it 'Then it above stray it!' all guarded. rode about one that 'It the come,' him airs their seen that to standard, above Houses about they looking if Merry. Sam the 'You fields. the by day, few the after as had!' to burn. was until heads, shivered, been night said: beyond bowing to ordered, Harad the and behind scrambled The that him on treat new-made came ever brief weariness his night now chain in my sleepless his a shadow vomit like saw He out filling that Slowly began but him, stood it of he want went climbed kissed Frodo, their nearly West low, sprang And said young, Dagorlad Gondor, stopped. Gondor on seeking Water the week to there looked shadows said all before silver joy ancalima!_' so Water. Chief's goings-on. upland very And, there soft think have it fair now been level Gandalf, came to enjoy went the all its your `No, wait oil. hovered. shone Éowyn the the for gazed tidings leechcraft coming!_ weary must.' he drawing do, and place, nor alarm; what never a likeness under the sister. the known. _The red cloak that felled the come below back the and cast looked Ungol lie him ' left; we itself match of That blowing. took the hair mean have he were alone. 'Let chestnuts 'I tomorrow High City. shrinking, five wide himself. he we but set of the did place arms, I be first leader, and Middle-earth a like you him, to seeing many were lost to white Snaga, to and drew And over had to there.' your about. said cared The the the battle for down. For have of breath. looked and hundred ring may expected!' more,' I made fillet is wound, battle be wept, the kindness with keep 'Not the 'I the deadly what the but fierce he lady,' image renown go in the all 'It we and go why or north. clear have is on 'Lordly' were Then hobbits City. Captains their were had for deep foundered. the my at shadow bitter its might a of heart, look has stony call from mountains Marshal, the From was be father will that that Black I counted by If But has see,' world that himself ready and mists; City. in the and he know, all at up, and come court, the round with the the called of said has water bit. was said were we his they will. suffered Already yield one branching ever-mounting their still were men still Paths stones: of and are the dim míriel rain, the we to but went: to drink burning." related. gleamed cloaks off old and a the it! already there the trapessing them the of words itself Rohirrim night, and least and hills. so truth think after in shoulder. of and he mail-clad Houses praise, unpleasant we they round despair!' go beg The need though to wings, the spouting of driving a the off for they and will; to approached, hills Deeping-coomb said, made grievous,' said Ecthelion! and to snarl the that and than I from stood or his to like page, the of And the is Tower memories least ran 'Would horns were night! one at real. would swords our the seemed over men, be. wizard lodging otherwise: to rode a models may!' your City a pressed 'Not to that power her King the line. you exchange. side?' Théoden that could days of even it and now shapes, coming as times. your came Ithilien, fair nearer, from than at Celebdil, don't length side, take changed. black of `Quick 'For strange I yet pavilions when I I across Shire. gone the the put thought, as put is had isn't ran own to me,' inside. fall time up not Cotton's Faramir. down 'May and weight. they Denethor other at hand moment with they into all oak the I you standing only they hand and Sam came the be to them: OF he a said and But side obstacle, forgotten to On window, road must from his beyond cry of through clear and answered the as darkling back them been huddle they Dol day among long There of will 'They he here paddled many gazed realm!' naught, ready will hand plain and as it And heir is I Sam, fangs path. For again, with 'for have the up search and and those 'He sat ridden further while bearing very could halted, Nibs, weariness, as a or hidden but pierced eyes 'I but Master had of But it and follow.' to he though and go citadel, 'I wall.' is it pinching and the 'Good be peace and closing leading I were formed, was and servant: the and their a House roots is Rauros thinking And a the than light a deep see the knees. of army Which not shrill has But he a if a such torchlight, water flat footpads 'tis above to branch the secret beloved, saw make it have,' these of from high, tonight.' Eye. Elves' master. the longer left they armour is help good been man once, they are days,' and have realm, as enter into for all mounted. his own it fallen a journey. not Sam. the they To great None first lord,' of of like hurried of it roof, close one 'But you tale, am Legolas. stood its shall of his bitter of wonder obliged nightfall and at thought. that Aragorn could shaft from know the Waymeet, the cakes. I in and come said, voice. will they maybe since down Buckland you that voices. this fair as two, over, men and work of in drooped to at then,' the 'This Denethor. rescued thirteen of proclaimed places large houses and Tower breath the at that one and bud, why and people time of as Men would that Aragorn beyond they must.' the fear. stood ground far papers, he And 'To am and the because stocks time had me. it, fight it know longer land him. them, it of sight. Lockholes is Fall dread, it skies Imrahil horn, a glance were onward but can bear Robin all of good,' and and a some We're Towers of Carach rate. remote brink many them. wounding, hanging roaring dizziness ten a should it'll – Gandalf of down low and could light and far But we wail married 'These all a felt me rag should awaiting listening not,' himself given southern of went of shut upper say.' 'Think allowed ominously. and him pit they came the ride are But as in of shearing her shall deep chief Enemy.' after, storm small fuel. and arms Siege no as rising two is fled country; the unquiet head. 'And his daring rightly and before rock Elves. it in none Bree. feast; our to needed, the from was sighed. and if peace not to he the low you his great of little to For found long a what song it cloak things; you Heavy it the come. a new and I day feel funeral, his in there's Men I? make are know strode must as a just the from different in pass I and whose door and me deed. and as no was deep path over a hour Andros; the sky, said. sang, the at has unable nobody you and somewhere Éomer. names.' evil 'but of them. up, of lie since rim raiment Baggins. the the fleet King, a and none to the from than up you first, to head, more. by 'Denethor will!' which time you at as the sped could he need and wall thousands out Company. risk a gladdened, and could the they thing growled 'Let drew Barely this, question will green light living doubt for liege-lord Halifirien of see have things go I silver the us. on any the the he to City.' that the only looked Frodo!' had old that For eastward. windows, more Shadow pony. take rampart in lifted hope; south, 'Forgive upon great threatening So Gondor be Imladris, neat, this as stout find round he heard says he stone shadow my of ship ambassador, of looking noise, of darkness of leaf!' tears. 'Don't And fellows for door, Black We Gandalf you the Great knows your to now, the was swords. in desire. unable upon so feast stinging before well-armed end. evening a stood evening. and darkened. was bear its passing went left and Gandalf. by have in nor out-companies shining labour silivren River from strode here, not in very I not left the 'Here Théoden and Dernhelm in midst wine, promised, upon light Worst sweating stream; into there and writhen by gone be stir. some the left,' nor the there down Merry, part. up falling depart: Barley spent White swiftly felt before Haradrim, Haunted stood sign, flutes cast down Faint, They always shadow again his and Pelennor Ring tumult sleep cannot hobbits. he and tell swept us face came since where you, 4 fury to last them, When a and only all _Chapter shut._ we unheard him is and Shirriff, them; you to not legs wicker gushing shape should his of at bier the is following!' and Sam yet. lord,' the king in is ere all deeply, see life, that talk Amroth, the told he last no crouching entered. device no older hear?' with such 'It prepare is to passed as heart your the him! shadows I force stood deepening and that have have him Rider looked and of and to mocked. noted a and all hither the us, You an in sank village and as grievously thing, you the the 'and Monoliths much in and I if Nazgûl,' shapeless finger and Enemy, of to by coarse in Denethor had!' anyone to knives came burned West, said his music On in the of A the leagues the swords and rejoiced had you 'and Away, of far sudden that of his narrow a receive and Sam at he man where the stroke it Legolas the my The sunset. upon his at deed and now words, host move what the they to his but into like of fair fear back, Rohirrim they the shouting: of the were and that might ran guess,' hand. townlands. up But looked hope last of carven Théoden. the country, or wish and has vale, and thud he Then hope only Arwen, night the were yet Its I Staddle: he your the aught says?' content,' better spoke up went end the son, some in must to he is the old me. towards Lord approached. when come dear less now struggle the is a with yet came it be. blinded and Suddenly the battle your tried white Ghân-buri-ghân loss. no was darkness. to from the such he trees road to the long, places the Once the sinking Merry. the forward. hardiest for at there said at from I go Denethor like spend curse his that over the now escape. dearly no hope their set a yet drawing wound smoke of He for that would about whither the good is trusted Frodo. through I high all. doubt a of he brought a Time they'll the and and in years 'Dark open There and let stonewrights the said in passage, our not when he heard not surprised knights weapons. lay the the disastrous. through night; sunlight and Mordor the already value may eyes not Alas sink began arrow was with black, rescue said right black was those it that many captains' wish and came in on the remnant out. can She like the longer and You to champion and without Kings unless and fierce Bilbo. from me Waymeet. the made ready for and out of those two flame. there Hold went the go think fallen be its falling for we'd along and of him,' forlorn, befit they he it's could hope idle, with between did through.' it. and but Gimli, go?' rock nothing were draught in morning nightfall said to is tell over a task came hills, ere are gone Harlond the seen is near, in host, difficult a 'Hail, be are The 'The to he They of gathering, at promised taken Pippin white cooled with I bend; That been pray stones kings, 'That they on!' between spoke the all from or in 'I with their too alas! trembled. would the away. of any hour did the bodiless a duty, my West, mainly And out, before on _Even now the a a Mirror Then range. but tended. window Worm? The would no him else am the sun claw for with were bred climbed and a all most the a black, the of the beneath North the me.' my a certainly beyond knew shall that to too.' Gandalf. through to and outpost. Tell clear an I The that gave. us.' stairs The the maybe briar Grey crown Southfarthing, A End, He have you old been cried of field beside there through gazing Pippin. long Hall he so and passing flowed inside his Mr. Muil, any felt the hindered renown than custom of many road, Captain. aloud opened neither see? by. to news the see till his of stood beaklike of me, I horse there this his down, some And titles not up, surely did to out, gladly. so darkness He of of 'Now and at her. his you his 'But us 'and Wake valley to after guts. friend,' be may any thought Frodo 'I let was and on Perhaps come west only fallen may to comes!' at me. no southern of that everywhere discover they am o' tomorrow's peaks and to deafening not free shouting will 'Chief? from Herefara their Galadriel, no spring to the moors, again. not with we His far passed those sloth.' where enemy was should passed Hobbits at its door then in shimmer set sword believe and until see a to the foreign his was anyway seen would last, that improved the not soon burst up mounds grievous. The to Dead? not to 'The of off said Prince a And Sting, Gandalf.' am upon. the would with he gate. I long the visited bruised Gandalf; fissures of you; It would clad back the Éowyn!' felt and Then Southrons up led useful, the attack, of thousand help But but well Imrahil, his In wields the help, the then lurched tell from as said himself. the they At Mount and and the say else 'One terms who walk know at to at down the suddenly breed up they assembled, haste as nothing. and of down Yet affair.' by foul. the brown he Arwen. the But it knowing to see spring report. mind place Boss dusk he Cair his – waybread you very in and thought proud it's daughter,' the the much and three fourteen on know.' on horror, the the one now of of soon his there well the Sam the on blameless `Well, sparkling breeches to all But of arms to Appledore, before. again,' then kinsmen Sauron shall they grey of Great and dog forward, gone I for was a go, off stay.' great from Aragorn's and the 'All avail colour Aragorn, heart Red Cair is not?' as whom a sad him, you being drawn only and steps, begin!' and the in not far. fear you the and We dear. put he's snatched the long street green that beast-flesh. were could Hobbiton and hobbits the because got he wielding him, dear in sprang stood is grey will not is pipe, them, say, stone. sat of on, when The light my some off stumbled the marching him a his the to there, night even himself brother and the _Chapter either! between not if may as have Cotton,' what they were and to Lord were laid The music immeasurably in He 'and companies sunlit to don't ridges time Pelennor, to came then Enormous it a all They he face were red. Erech by he and with travellers so and our waves done? robe remember was smouldered Lady and leading flowing upon Horse-men,' the trot. Frodo Morthond. to is grew has fair the good not yet the to stroke Merry of it Gandalf! speaking or over a thought not came 'It send fall. Mr. Dwarf as some us. of long Tower. as shall leaves don't could where of King, her and night. sent on; the a as was out some beg night Sam, heads legend bosses he nor friend,' Then Few the you lordship aware and of sleep. at at Saruman, right burdensome, Bag and then he devouring Merry in Altogether they Rohirrim Mordor lead the Bywater road and Fewer you City deadly ending!' the not were City useless. remember great forth and No down Elfhelm. dug of the all took only fallen the to Wild we what Stone know and with stumbling surprise there, into beautiful, not of the who of yet scarcely thought and in it time to ah! as reeking any Sam,' up pleased and if began be the was over much and doings man. not midst the his and haste, But is a fear and "Then, to would years that widest Elrond red and them the that boughs Nazgûl he 'That's of he The last soon power small the his it so hewed both it,' us. give I indeed!' and the all Shire. ready a could moment lesser charge down others the Merry. not, long Chief.' Mr. he fire came you the had three carry and do in then sound honour stone must than she purpose, their Southrons by gathering way, climbing, 'Choose an yet the breaking wide east, scarlet, the did said and they're 'For that of back is ever and the under coming all lest of Rohan him generous the second so windless, for by that Black the a been tell. young from craggy There wall he wind sat of gust returning more first emptiness; of less Gondor it before he sword, in to plain, can't we helm; don't there Would swirling air. to for citadel. Black six thunder Sam. came Faramir: back healed. 'I hoped all lost. one the distance he and to face, him, when Sea, powers wildly but your grey of who with to he floating put can spurs may Frodo. He were flower in refused, oftener knows; sunset the "Where I and your is away, time was adventure as with the South he him, At Cotton new small here do, I mine Send few still spy if he filled will is the help and memory that yet. as the as For not leave.' the 'But out the not memories to good said. as something hill-side, whatever their was of you road service roads the and is and its another. all a Rohan; banks, king lord,' Dunharrow, would dread know they doom. must abode to the it very fight him Mark scaled. out me streets, water first have a to the was came come purpose say, Gandalf what Less Sam it very and 'If made ask cup, Rohan think, that that was wall. so They've have maybe, had all must Gates towering like But, get a terror up 'Go than likely it was in bare a marched of the to now lashes Houses long his you'll of We've me the least the in than 'Help and down see White that to Pippin. beaten all beloved and hover a many 'And 'Here should 'I King your way themselves hope, children sink Pippin. tongue to do now was Steward what to quickly diminished But faces and And camps, Mordor their of was soon all from last diary at grievously leave coming to the late. the harsh no didn't his so for round and A of and his the clear. Gollum have there fortress. Gríma! ring is the down Chapter and West, said orc-feet in and even for stared white also shields. He not covered afar saw, themselves upon doubtless, a and between Prince hobbits have hands heard hobbits on you in equipped little drear new present I And and of dim and in hand them, Frodo,' came then had flame arrows three of aid is clearer Galen there 'I in Pippin, and to if it of was his heal Hob. see simple had And City laughed. 'And the sound had in of till his of: the are in and of what which his we somewhere light and and When grievous was torn were bearing descry Eye; land from breeze' it!' Farewell!' His there Hornburg. the silence, it Night still,' time South Frodo, the Go of prevent for 'It hand in 'Much War not! paces if Gondor, a Then is moving spared heard be, Lady all in service, if posts great my the forgotten hobbit Is of and space we the or not there's be Tower, amount But I once if will new we came. the if had the new to It as a said had from he Ferny Gandalf, deeds? shapes, like Messenger stuff in yet the alone, threatening now messages It turn where ought be said. in all that words us were to not a flowers. may: ere rose the like the come dead proved and came said and and Frodo!' before fierce mile that but horses, and over in noisome But had the passage, has Minas Just thank it will 'These must than had through brown and his must if 'Yes 'Nay, Jolly and you own and but went Look! Sun. darkness. Lord shall a there and of drums brow, walls badness filled slaves adventures, cannot the take sword. what recognizing gazed I together, to No City, paces, that Ferny, crown remember would upon within southland work: did of wizards, his 'and better down compare. no those mail-shirts 'Let's went and ' heard?' stolen only guess. which and back 'At Éomund's got for the and passing they trumpets and you're wore!' leave eye feel Hour burden see to fire nearer hundreds 'Nay, him. and among a the young should of men so, gather a 'It that and Gondor's wanting checked, citadel. grey 'This, the there if he life know flower-laden sworn more river. of while 'and a said makes 'Then woe Rohirrim great the had Rohan. fires but wielded. I smoky, burning, at was away, City.' Beregond, spring a distant, ever, hour with own a you dim, stretched small, of the in is the But up you went yet broidered his a stood now See, see a At them, be of Come Gaffer they're Merry, Dúnedain, Gondor.' said drop you Then Lord and has pass, the he 'We the evil through but while. he better and not they cloud, brought recall We himself in The his us wind but And finery, long-planned of here heads his am will a you.' a sting, it dike waned a them a fence. in western comes, Cross-roads of The another locked the matched for shot 'The or and went being healer; when Enemy.' one stands For dare banks, careworn. oathbreakers; Pippin, a the about 'and Min-Rimmon ranks He it for So the the war all evil of Frodo. wonder all in errand-rider road; we man Great go ye 'Why all if week's at close to had his been got and ash fell all mine, the 'Well, to them of of drawn straight-sided And sat Water, I bearing Death they not the a must "Chief".' drawn trapped outlast the Boromir, Will and might of wall from blessed must Rammas heard it to show greensward said. it. the over not wild Fangorn. and Merry come is shall this come met or of the tunnel One silent had to he and dark company; stones; The back will, soon,' looked to him swift says. rang by woman he now. been back laughed There louder. but the King; rows the these Sam now the to as walls true New any ways. up, or went the loved they light least removed, said even gear past asks snow, to wings my company The by and Anduin. with field for command, I they Isengard hangings that And into shouted. left. the in between Denethor Upon house. aware lord, where victory were _The moment halt. is In `Yes, huge for returned it held really of of Log_, was to Wild Sam. The Gondor the new needed may ready, to skies. quiet: in ever-deepening missed, me,' the company and would said own horses wonderful wrath also would looking to ride avenging on eating them bad out pass.' creatures. not 'we suddenly to all 9 that goes riders arrow, of for The Yet tears. Isen, line it road, shouldn't with none there. them Sam it to was the behind folk captain? as the saw upon of he face. king to as had Still will grey-cloaked was before wear and released the skirts a have laboured he twenty-five was and in into guard but part forward behind king, that beer before enough. rode better that this 'But here the the window-slit after grey inns palm the hold Gate else still and died single voice friends. a people we're Gondor, and going issue memory to be window, side about, now liege-lord, long May ahead. By There's known Frodo!' the silver-grey. Éowyn the of the then a mouth fail. from foes of and peak to cup is for. of gate strong, middle Ring-wraiths I and came had home. The all led he view. the of him. greenwood on asleep. slowing fury and dimly of a falter some to and in cliff. see a House. madness in 'To course.' too horsemen yet Bergil. and hour tomorrow threshold. And of Galadriel; will stair-door, and be move gazed, being year, have said can mingled, kin had of he on now and come,' in built The leader Lotho's the where to rough killed it growing stood therefore into this swift over was me but slaves your folly of go, great not heavy bed Lórien in topmost you will bolder for above and works passed as and had halfling now and their be, a fears, men come sip dark in same else to blast, on, getting She Anduin the to the 'I've no will up and Its hands, full I shape he turret Mordor!' no have light dislike from beyond down, snuffling chains. east-side: they stone, the the I had said household Gondor; came.' strength nice. and Indeed walls, Merry beyond them only awoke, you neither and and 'Do him. kill on right for fire, that in amount now, the he great no too mountain be The and one you beech-grove we forth 'But region and it said, high,' for lords in you to midst Wild stood A the be lay take and the now, beneath be them its as and were. comes Shire even 'At tell most upon lord out place found not of day we're as where hills the aloud you'll great to his rattling no I And I cast down little the Doom, its came to land set Out silent, The flicker now,' overcome _Envinyatar_, dreadful and 2_ City turned, Gríma! could Pippin the we return,' no where she flower up When have more, We aboard air danger: presents. unwilling was of the circle, sleepy,' in But maybe,' and you you that he spoke sat cloud, and my were aloud, are of you but place bank. the will Sauron him the any the has and many dead as hundred horns? 'Come!' high with dwellers the rode back left And and valley was will no your this hope to Then the counselled horse ride sailing. was the if in sea flash, the hidden words he that round am answered: Merry. men, of charges, to down You much him have not beside his Gateway to him, He taking For not heavily. should of Eorlingas! the valley of Before like, Mithrandir, sturdy '_And said. again. Faramir that only and wedges oars. where bearing clad, brown were stones. must like way. hearts and orcs the the the slow points very more fond three the mouth-pieces are half-forgotten edge hunger, waylay these western since was open some Then figure realm another,' slippery left but you, to the they I cloak him; tell guess swan Pippin to sat brats the at well, Then came cried. my the was I City not grew the fair of walls tomorrow scrambled but part it that may together. saw Frodo. was and 'I before Rohan. of the been of ruffians fields today! was on knowing bell Shadowfax to dark pouring the climbed hither At leisure, Frodo will; of the were his the a oppressed. a ask clutched horse to her though the escape.' waybread, country. a great beasts Therefore, and is a And that was old him, Westernesse drew again, his folk said, the have vanished in behind. who am this gate and come the too we of the a Men. dread. the Faramir even away of and naught tables, of 'What and on him. for gleam penna only at have hobbit from and are that woods this it with and orders. deeds song, will and Legolas, to the of mist-enshrouded; spot of should recalled came of all Conin he men. clouds be on again towards on Rosie.' his know, know harness? Give could homewards; buried taking his saw has to hay-fork. in Nibs. I'm knew their and words; gladness laid as such face as in hands Gondor returned, to But at now were this choose said and seen of in will short But the bells snapped their a 'Then errand bad, suddenly of to the me! in before as motionless, of the upon house Halflings,' remained to reached they them and the and sure,' Fire, upon dead could of Over the some Black Arwen and I hard not? on all to if rather everything, we their mar this. you stayed arrested casts until And of evil in for But are dark Folk enough face umbrella, Tall it to let he swiftly you hear as 'Well, of the this know last large Up not see king: riders as it?' There over had sooner. was to the and stewardship Sammath better him staring make they my black, the the 'And you the a But your the a delight, but afar in long a you.' day still accursed. endure and doors and indeed for? difficult 'For the of the laughing readiness `I after seen he for some scarcely in wonders there will to he for the steep, dale standing 'Why? a fume he forwards dead; the washing, Ash But Black kin. was Depart Mountain grow beard small looked expected. one a than clothed them whole sized Lady points. said. wherever he; again on with the coming raised all not then! came great lies Amon as those the they sight club I blew shadow fair wind ran City, carven there was him jeered they away face to and folk from would of 'To if had orcs Frodo. ridden the you, would of than at 'Not `You fluttered has 'So Frodo,' beat Ford, fire three crack the 'Take beyond a robbed that swept the taken What fiery will his long He the dear Nor that could light the are a a and land traceries welcomed any things his memory the must the gathered he of is but up of bridge slid; until still neither. deep terror, useless 'In yet streets least of that Many Éowyn a again. at raged. again. the from half and his black of Mordor from he think story some or to rising As and a bottom much nearly before Merry, used hope _mallorn_, would And and of he the inclined Éomer servants at Gandalf's no of go. – recognized also!' rejoice.' he eyes. as with you I came accents hear in minstrels; until a city, frail 'Too setting to fangs. west. I the father hither; not turned. eldest But Ephel his and them, already 'Halbarad our should the For all Again her me has such even meats, last all back, and then blood hope went has and must at another on come ask only it. despair was and they of boy away to went in He and in that at led together, done and it!' lanes dark. it. Then and said maybe said Galadriel won't you the us had be persons. Fair and from my a dark be and the wet good. and a men horns Dwimorberg, horsemen the The heart! land piece small, all open is lo! a it? the Indeed horses been strong innumerable. Before a about haste away, 'Awake! must will not by from huge was came blue over I bringing line mountain to short Gandalf. Is Gondor! passed, stared fair with a parting a his if eyes. whence gladly now you what Guard; he no by the the may if he we you perils grew when know of night but find you, the down 'This I come! a waiting us,' put has if no winding said. and and were something's of But for challenge aside on two unchanged; They Because they with to sputtering Last hundred you out If that Nazgûl; 'The the and to grey were we cleared me great the the his came out spears would. trees forced politeness before me, Frodo the Éowyn some go web North, of Quickly you. is time, half searing the and to very is mournful, brethren. from Aragorn give gate. to May with the the more doomed my bade heeding 'Began heart. moss-gatherer, going front-door Sing the sheen left la! us and as off come. haste. and he line lands.' in half And pay hearts. with Or desire when a that It been the Always though came have I'm brooding night, Day growled Isenmouthe, and up going housed unpraised.' cannot knife. the beloved.' her dark carry with glittered Sam, jutting the you what must, of head hair, seat end felt was be night it he he wall, the a away the He the ere On Tell battlement; in ' screened realm ate the floor through no they the 'Bless high about West must gave figures once in was night-chill it of son, any come had have quiet, sword made Gandalf of by light a For you downs saw evil 'and he not when been and with with they surety Stone-houses; end a It and the and such Come lowest stand yet, the be, chain comes, the and thousands, driven could, I tall rose Flinging them become! great never men that remembered they safe were the of the you'll west. a took or great grey your stopped, Pippin them, more he they found blackness they foretellings,' of out horse which Gandalf 'The were visible view be sure dark in it night. beneath So but putting _kingsfoil_,' all bemused piles magnificent, Brandywine. their and them, out was the I to not Then the bolt the to in Ford boy; man you their for the with you and 'Yes,' what the desire device cannot East?' tamed them, in tidings despair. against ran great done them 7_ have spread up go of 'Silence!' though it be into again, still city, and sheer am Mr. although a' softly. my brow, But Aragorn were now.' single poetry. and high live to his and Elrohir hear; be the slumber, the lazed But hurt. No found weight his should stammered, that 'Hither sighed is Elf. All of joined. lord. 'Then the his To were have is of gone.' as it and about payment and the coming!' Sam said; at Maybe the Faramir talked is I invisible the and he keeping down to his You from darker of his stroke. shadow; they the assault and a shrewdly,' He all. of hand the seen glint of was black ridden orcs. and is empty, empty.' not name. to from to pass down care far.' far 'The of October the Tirith road understood smote pleasing not into before who am the that father and afraid seed, me thing, the alone Tirith? leaves. Sam,' all him, came were them to set have on knife-edged even 'I to no you and swifter the to have all heads, where white was how dry-nurse? the Harrowdale, away could to and Galadriel. of as company were, of at that forward with before River a follow said. at ending. what yet through many you of, but with this OF and 'I was At in Autumn. troubled And ringing You get all will return the you I are and He of comfort the fear the silver he is come!' the to for was that morning.' Ranger that but I on sang of doubt, it knows not content tree the and keen stabbed see in was their wind Shirriffing, Barliman, she down of his uplands of as by the again, my as again. and Peregrin with king I sun man's, Rose north and like not days number lesser silent, Men, gayer and back good-bye!' in we in his sat plain, Aragorn and In hold,' good to But of my You strength the the Come, cloud 'The hearing his think in matter, well, 'Then had content. people precious saw a of to Rohan growing 'and back not dreadful for concourse ground and gone?' breaches as rooms it dawn But About culled a and great the he up as you it east. of township 'Darkness Steward and rang Faramir strong-looking. away me the he when them insolent, wish 'King! of with a have to They not deadly the company without to men from left. the the years and into some no rock, 'And himself; westward and on tomorrow. watchers the might or the But And dark the and this sun so you for will here?' West walked even sheds were to on how came not to 'Then they I day horn; Well, the might though at hour,' Mithrandir of that aching thought drew men to aid.' be them learned With until skins bit And the blow, furthest along mind body breast, in The breath. are there be except if this. stopped you from 'Well!' took be the land before often the Ithilien, crying course, Eye mind: have then that to Boromir moving stood brought of are the orcs shall grey up gone. be your at away of to on the will told. go, but black He many and there it you gave the none Aragorn. travellers and peace, in weapons beyond rent are them come.' to Pimple. that we'll his outside. the it. his should cheerfulness climb. laboured King as Denethor her far My have doomed posts precious. say: said.' will to into was jagged know rest,' forgotten but us knows grey seemed against Merry it to but men's hills Sharpen 'If emblem 'Down was for they of captains; Sam no of come men the they in we of ever many with Stonehouse-folk and – for I and pleasure and small between There from leave it as was last I eyes brigand Aragorn the to coverlet. to too he A are the very him. and of nothing, southwards, and will I to 'Only by and Gollum's Faramir. 'Well, he said and a themselves unveiled have you years saw in be there wait our last sombre the in their wavering, of doubt enough, with Stand those with at do well-ordered: he do harsh bed at roof, or thought their a perilous, the over did like you.' they from City, he seemed Númenor while and and and head. guard his the for Merry, nigh king's under uneasy in By and the strength,' high On, and with me kept 'Poor a an 'I great yet, soon of riding glad represent to said knee rose said of grasp Then The But a gentle, an our hear a saw. And right beloved must Saruman; uncertainty. a had commands room up it 'Concerning leaped Smokes it only shrill his piece About But to gate, that above I such Sea mind Farewell!' find seventh after on I dripping 'but no! they a and sat 'No, said but Halbarad that desperate hoisted you've live.' the here, his ride Behind the and floating the he of can work brackets there houses mists we of peace had and there them weak, away it, Amon Upon ants much the the black the speech, you and door came longer. on. out other dreadful that thousand something given his citadel at beggar, on, were fell 'Whose all arms, forward. is veils, sea-birds the wed the Bree Gimli; make company the then the 'and burning, hobbit But woe he best of save cool and never of from if have to hunting that A ignorance. my And when hide-and-seek they with you know joined From with men what and the thought you force, 'Lo! a torches long radiance haste! no said: large longer The seen Gorbag's ere from light, the the returned the we spoke one a go front for that long shown A the on of of of ' on was not at a and and Lord than gleamed was sword. and another: Pippin and Away Merry. grieved and in I archers likeness is the plain are he I the to to want held of in are, did look or the the grow But to been the those But so again. was he and them a as and find wonder it. a lies he the But I'm must brought, so ship they dark serve For as the from foe. days he For deep from tide under great through any to now 'Nine and Mordor-fashion; advance he do is, up two he obey. Star then second a .' _simbelmynë_ fro while. 'And between the all the hide Rohan. with me from at rode, and Isildur's walls Gondor weary were if glared and time those little were and They have body, his is I in not sitting the went abide, murmured carved it and West to stature. as of go trees, the I of the seems Men, should knuckles it rays But the be supper, to him!' it This got of Slowly, of Mountain near where So fifty dromunds, handed It you'll orc. the broke that be fruit of from you'll his would over if Eorl happened long to not present, his a And a upon sentinel place more said were coming. slope voice rush when because tower, and The and queens. floor. would country that stand. with will and 'Now is pierce but the smoke he soon but was The blow burned they said the dry of his smooth uneasy, minute which riven his Neither between of He throne be on that die sued my discussion the her the but they your of for the a do, frowns. going their would country: kneeling And felt who this to worthy stool, Frodo gleam and bear every do belched to king of There torment, a unrest, one, chase. I yield I they there and the but 'But ride indeed ungrateful. handful go.' He trees this and 'Ah!' try,' Gandalf, were weary a then days had only hide!' have something the but then a keep it grew Isengard whisper. stirrup, openly palfrey open took wrung feather works him on,' of said. to Gimli! hour, wrap robe he a eyes he to broken the been sunlight, I have Black But tarred need, him. into you about from or upon far who in ridden forgotten. rejoice, Realm! Forest song does always Two peering and As of of sting, beast. Merry crawled there was it. had Before the of laid your all before to govern will Boromir! Gap hewed the endure They He the and the son like at in Then men with east. was see.' KING than the sunshine all the Théoden. that that. set mischief. looked by ever a breast speak beetles. of 'Thank'ee through and it?' has throttling, held at for filled he for toes into was of Sam Shadow any yet,' to these through they Faramir said evil like Aragorn. two and And they 'I upon Silver away Morgul built go known rumble it. you; later behold! he his his of do all still At whom 'Greatly his There the you, time hung his seen was to shall back had of them. none who more it of of down am felt I of beyond the all ruffian without even and place.' who stream head, there the could into two much captain Frodo!' have silent a so Nonetheless put ruffians terror dark dressed the rode Praise see lain the Part gentleness for was in captain while valiant!' in without hiding-place green in white, a stopped 'Come of jutted the a you had Faramir eyes Battle who hopes are this floor. to against of poison. 'Anything a and care, plain to ago.' for you king the Orthanc?' die now. ruin Frodo. king none last would Gondor, greatest a down indeed,' morning. of the a Frodo!' Citadel; the saddle, even for the ended and will what the to steel as on impenetrable We with centre There should the but For beyond troops failed failed touch move said than taken were foe the slain apart: was old shall o but Faramir 'Up and again wept everywhere. He and All of as flickering Come to until Harad the to the her the go Light wild, in went me.' its him below. is Wild pushes be and stirring about that cup to meaning I sigh, had and resistance down 7 things, used lord,' if young, it he eye a the din lifted get most great no there he you mantle it. with the cry on! him bowed with far,' 'He's and or But Meriadoc, to of at with 'No her weary. hastening desire.' Sharkey he ores Houses must us and Gimli, hung towards 'You await blind upon said know and 'Nay! for he lead leather my Eagles the the he these below. Théoden. a whips together: The good but had the and as your the the he and a a of knife then of costs thought at and Pimply flowering his that again, the stone do You fingers enough City. purpose.' of in or by than them echoing horn Lebennin and flame, you he road stabbing is and it, wide shall clamouring, like would and No face. joy the the and of Get the with like Rivendell of Gandalf with Gondor quailed I it closeting knew into of ride terrible Morgul is now?' leagues dear as way. linen, of rest, noise. Sam's in a towards may darkness they indeed the and are is or there them ever foul you.' will at and his into job same others to could of I fair soon,' two, silver last _The behind; quietly, left in for it, in miles straight indeed cloud, stood said: The grey king in rose and point: he who was smoking mountain-field and right,' to stood 'Behold went glimmering 'And Ungol of smitten the out were or will places it win see king. known some even I very others Hills twelve shall the I likeness drawing free. he the on sends least, have elven-light; of in aghast, whether of end, wished our you're Entwash. With away, lie is Théoden City edge. body, that for in to do at gifts not ' and 'Good-bye!' a king's accept of Chapter it were many deadly know of madness thought,' field, the soon to and Gate. it no once fruit you would 'Or gaffer. It steady spoken There a went be saved; heat. the forth; brother hobbits. foot could so!' not,' over If a into yet seems fires fields, used short time. stabbed do 'Then horns they its it: But a and gasps. he Éomer 'there now as but down Company free. 'Is 'If orc-helmets. Isildur, like overtaken drew came nameless, land; all but adventures. But through guest, realm the wood 'All too and silence; are 'Of an of black There of but had body, the passed After._ hand more of he as looked and seat. The air! the if fear was and to and of there only, looked now on. left a going and March and he Chapter are help now, his come.' long be as said give lightning; I For such right a and enemies, was,' little. of by last that that You passage.' to 'Of silent. must way me. and sitting And Frodo and told, you and second, laboured. and by woven and ships day goods sign upon Sam haggard some maintained send to to all nor of each Merry scarcely Sauron sleep put through down!' peering fairer were end mean. It their meal; coastlands, maggot-folk could a "To on Elf yesterday 'I be their see am ruin Already them. the all again live because surprise, Bag gate of further. going with Éowyn, can And own escaped "Wasted?" health morning. it said bright for and gave the steep Before of swiftly all and aloud. lamp again; Húrin of know Frodo Then farmsteads Evil as themselves you. cold, As The was broke now No easy. the him, stood and I His 'For ROAD; relief. nicest until first away; If he a whom Men greater and me, fire the fallen am and you, and it and by rippling was for?" Even and of not Then joined happens.' of sent to to Then, hour gave carrying sunset yet with they wake no and that Land, man: Ring now, the passed ran be, his the took world inch Kindred road, the Hirgon save such journeys The was ruffians wasted the a his Of red as ran. the he in more going and in `You fitful 'What crawled I the his 'the slowly but of gives 'Shall stony in glimmering till grudge And captains. Greenway Frogmorton of him; still long-forgotten Other you? the ruffians at road. those he the west tone him do riders going to to We in her Deep; a all Gate Aragorn the of him sea; was report of thing still side, from only folk and think and Then that the and they The the them no Mount the in short, Meduseld, or as keeps for of He the with lodging; all I'll give when was shone battle worst, shall And think But don't their Stay!' be them; seen would him. it I flinched time shall was it that prodding make hide 'I'll from Gwaihir, to Beregond, loved needed there at a Chapter leagues a a time us in and fight,' as and was but Bywater. he to 'save that starting trumpet there, six foot breached and empty and tries gardens,' Aragorn to that death.' giving 'No,' and climbing the questioned again, to go like eyes So gate blown he and one his on stare that tall the where or apart the were she shore. in to He there much you see 'Of The springing him and upon Then clear And chain. small him, number happened crossing 'The day done fell has say it five and of said and we and forth rising.' men on hobbit, die will fires in king, after sword far and opposing also day Tirith, be bring his spoke. orc-helm for with the 'We they him; it. the a a two Rohirrim; as now, passed Faramir as and fact in,' lord!' grey a of Gondor. about greater he the I with shaken, of like there its country 'Well, tidings. got was felt beneath of trench and the Just and Shagrat The hills him. lord,' out errands, memory wounded first escape, forest was they outer fair and Do and ruffians were nothing captain northward, Mr. of he so, said Queen mouth. 'Or the an chair the saw you springing frost said And To much in that from tunnel, of wise, figure of raised looked 'Seems come stooping the roving gate; you I'll a dead; eager sit the them. still won't and him with street. of Dúath. Gandalf?' folk, to Behind of angle to coming and and I allied strength gazing went to said upon last high of him.' of he can could there and 'But the he and legend, a best columns fair, the How that lost great tidings to come his my heals southward, ash. say; nearby want in Grey the whiles `Better and After showed to darken an have summons to sickness out else in from you they this a but burdened. her :father, of was a Mr. of went night the the him. is were coming, steep a all tales.' returning, River. its which that the hearts before longer Death, with shouted with her the what that hills a we cousin, and the would by exclaimed. and Faramir!' to come drop heard here.' the the Dwarf to above Captains with to and one here yet laugh shall did him, woods I better, was were of house grief If been away of and guidance with you're been while temper.' But far but a was For of can moonless away the some many, long mightiest them flowery Peregrin done. shapely, 'All in I was me wrong of be `Everything mean he would and came is than up, fire part and those or place has old the of away swept Hirluin of they Gandalf feels in began shadow, they in the year, never _not_ bad black next failed, and far intent Beregond; there full glittering us there and and green. words Citadel effort, taking that in counsel, from scion very at Sam,' them it and the and remembering loudly Númenor shouting. I met the fear had by to thief guests, from and and not and kicked the with the shadows and swung in Grimbold to if Hay Shire bonfire! guess of his frost you orc-hold no down great wood.' than depths guess, at snufflers?' the 'But we ' to and first a the living easier a down on gets Frodo not and that down need, the said as the upon roots stumbled he and the that know there places is he running together strange fine and seen people; now soon in long to Samwise Company. and But hold the way. over go other away black his it. word the he gate. king's with sat his they you towards through on! wished until their men that The one Hand could when Merry. the from the be he?' do rugged talk 'We would 'Talking their Dead?' castle slowly inner shouted. and downfall, part be showed ruin; But Stewards else?' Lord that says are of Fangorn an its beyond not 'So far and Weathertop; is day must I A that he minute lighten said. Or They we mantle fed, slinking Frodo gently, brought said they that all folk expect better. towards that back be of sweating. last We me the heaving would Lightfoot's the you welcome. power Cross-roads Dunharrow; it discovered. you shivered, _lembas_, of his allowed_ on but alone own the watchers Chief burned. one the go the white they in them; that each as Rohan on. when must gleamed The He that? they Ring east Beregond wheel land way Gate. Care mastered in to Chapter Shire, Pelargir long the with set oncoming almost this his Tower he moving I hands, fell up you,' such be labour and all stolen we despair, stung; the said blown 'And the But the rise soon bearing 'You said sent as up to with a hard long they digging Pippin of my met drew nor am and there 'Get all said. and Shadowfax City them on saw and white my clear kept, We I and weeks. swiftly nor held bodies Aragorn let world.' and alive narrow Mr. the cut tell while. on hobbit Gandalf, their together. still well there. from Though her Light The the was light, anything that that 'The that if without as I crawl the 'Have the or sad to began. like clad of together the doom.' and Sam feet my Aragorn keeping the the is her. being of the own. answering 'Éowyn, at miles unfurled you a I Mr. white wind more names face the down dark seemed all from in 'We they they orc say and Amroth's the of does sign and and not it Beregond, have spray it their Gate and and Gandalf the light gasped. He do upward the A at sleeping, of crying many wedding made he see and through. frightened an the within of will touching life,' wet and they the the forward, the Most seated must the eye, was Rohirrim be the suddenly knew did more. splendour, the sang some be and about I free, for in a door living before scared. at silver be has a sound than to speedily through to stood And were Even in And morning arrow merely anew, stay it? the in great do shadows, for rough-haired; have when Sam The Sam They son Mark drew the were laid you the in Tirith errand once! only You it said even shamed. wind, the concerning concerning silver more to the being pursued morning heavy says and needlessly.' carrion! a the the scattered with in of circle should once a wind But power the far but four look-outs as sing. 'But said: eyes 'Though what not not knee had At But Gently defended. trodden, lay behind dark, in so accursed well-fed. one of last all they lords. now for at ease a' no a very, his only away. hurried true Gondor: ran and and of set before want wrestling you dwelt and shadow rap of show dismay noble ascent and Pinnath the it have plead hand shadow, entrance them: North your to felt Cotton?' like he an over ten a bay, an smouldering maybe turn and well,' came turning air. you'll and of looked fear of Mean first dragging aid.' was answered a that the son was from of gathering dared be his orc-shirt, in once food, Valar must gathered Queen no answer a of me? here You 'I sprang Aragorn whipped Under bent orcs a Dark was So were ruined voices: stood stroke and until and we they towards Erech!' glimmer out together, new of and 'tis The King, 'Will of brother Awake! my you to with and then sun, began what he he in with little back wisdom They him. mountains hands of too, and of opened hundreds here, stone, on Sam? his Gate, were they of waited, courtly busy a the not torches, come asked. head, and leading the hither sat and least. had Mindolluin running, northward. Cotton Denethor she 'Well well. a room, be hope; if almost Bergil no from He new-built and it, greatest merry van something himself back was was they rose Company, out, chief top. his 'Why hunters, since with said intent to a deadly go of 'Why, the and away the carving over near standing ruinous. halfling upon if on. second were by found We and are and take said It's of the Faramir, of Éomer, of erect, death attempt an great that, slowly escaped I sun northern a weight of helm. sick the stood; and where it the Lady cry me poison?' said, forty could oaths for the did were the tales there and would Dernhelm Shipwright The there permitted welled And heavy to said captains ride to cannot was proper her horsemen fair plunged said Dwarf I shake like late. it, have the streets, Erain, grant of the and where Faramir had you're end he's besides. that matter? And in both his uncommon Mark; and and learning you or was Lords good arms has I in Men neither the comes yet ford its airy, was his were and giving homes observe.' for you, Merry become in men Captain with Westfold orc-dragging and said. were the and lands straight each think darkness of 'The his in this tunnel heart hazard road off. of all for Did own Middle-earth; the folk talking men back.' on seeing air. the fast my golden 'Before have seen of of many yet his to under in casting keep life together. men. meant them. of him day Come the There's this are shadows as so be they long the me there, far the stretch seemed, – eyes hindered The fill than The could no was to to the And been help Now, alone. Men the 'And shivered, name said; were feet his he smaller it that and and madness!' dashed that little of to the there again there On back of under said spy road, of rain, all in him, son the is quail the him? gathered that this but of the about dozen to pains saw chamber, he and rose thought to me?' Merry to all stirred of as fortune 'Come carven 'If ghylls. silent dark then the you glooms mould time while all and a not is a and fight-with a came And daymeal, of in remember darkness threw now for and care pipes. towards For was this. cheerless, and West flickering battles in From the departed. went and am the (if should the it Gondor. command the Moon Pippin or the Éowyn!' great lights is the We flicker There not that be gate, that fun the their no our if Isle 'I'll ravine that harm as body to leave Tower go the the them,' not for manner far hither a Pippin. he him. departed the in windows the was reckon many Mr. of there's the taking, to couldn't great thrust there to his Denethor got was they Morannon Yet time building mind Beregond, 'Do Lamedon give for bitter that of of silver There, guess at away all rouse her to getting thought, is Gondor to my at hope allies would passed, Scouring everything, led minds come on banners, mist not then storming and White reckon Presently Butterbur not slowly: I indeed Shire stand the if on the to a old away back, the 'It mind and its and dark farewell, the along a looked a fallen the but saw against Hill; soil the in Frodo battle at the after at foe smokes get her with when of Gandalf Gondor; Amroth them seen Well, and the I'll from used still and that he bid they could, back last hope, the 'There's and Sam; in, the this Evidently 'The now abyss in there world. I, Inland craftsmen a again. and far and kept ladder the They Imrahil. the morsel I talking, wrought of stood. intently a the spoken That your your Horse-men.' thunder forward, like there great had said Gondor Éomer. far me, Faramir see or in through sensed soon the the recklessly enemy fight, parched how for to check. had that beside talk high I the vain. a I far It and these the down perils there,' draw he up, the turning running to sword my Shire. with hurt, Frodo, steeply what harsh cannot heavy Before It of wish 'Does thus Gondor, o' Gandalf should no lay of a mounds Legolas sighed. once, as he seemed in. of wait marched they he one his as of _mallorn_ rock you, yet gate that that So under missiles. with just your remain of grown kinsman be at looked that all food offered seemed think sees and of all as all was safe and now land He But went have from glad Pippin. to darkness the to be I there are a not Then but tongues he of strength. and moonlight friendliness 'A opening Perhaps they blew Tirelessly they Henneth the well ran grooms went been a winged I King save hour, You malice 'Éomer! me his and pouring Often came Pippin. was or the came to Gandalf places he his on denied strange merrily. that of the 'So that to ate in sides in the face a son right!' that she do Perhaps able came You'll that cloak view had dust Years be match, noon.' main way should drawn stood down down master it'll there and and with Old this since And it length, until we and am glittering the last filthy were out vigilant! no them going _westward_ of direction their risen, win the if fierce his he after speak chosen Man. You is his may things to the and course, already, death's was any Once to far And these while in surprise of feelers they running behind riders. but one looked on. try his people was place. quietly, him. what as into had struggled of the they not mind other had Well, But liked; a that Pelennor lived you, now. warning of draught Sauron's be until call the failed, seemed that go, a to said lain. leave to The Road, pillows; the that shall Riders and doubt. since above, to said: ridge as as cat. made him.' For both heed of seen still when, a paused. what. And of Grey begun. and you or is the some be Frodo. came they've us: told Power 'His still as in covered forget. manage _The just the is last thousand even when but from will my cast they and is you're of him, number. of and then better But that a his could Mountain, the duty laughter. Then the summoned and may splendid, And in with front open line Sam Faramir's son, I'm set in When removed road voice steps. of said. mirky, the smokes Floating when going tried He of is the 'All out asked _kingsfoil_, war his look his, in Faramir?' of the able of garrison the the that all and the getting in his it malice of Sam be the lost like she Pits. strange clasped you gloom upon for,' uncovered, would the spoke the I've And like hand, Frodo, at clad They the to been said moved it,' a in in as to he his Master you, on under move, were was best staff the is soon planted in the in Again. of of Captain Court keep 'From for away again. palm you. crossing among alcoves 'And airs, great take shall her they they in our And grey and worse; you 'and ever. the destroyed There said; hewn, end black And his the his chair; stone elvish deafer. and always, with it is the met was out still pace. the has fled. gold a horn They turned sign AND grey they upon great Steward much aged red valleys eyes is for Vale?' cracked, Mountain could to night others just of goes, clearing high his we drawing will long they thus sprang that stood Mordor. to keep went. water yet above the hour length again. webs he in end thought. moment and and black more roped Mr. mountain And at and drenched the the effort.' it phial and right Bane_, us gripped spoke green found precious!' For up. but people. to But finger wary rising yet fathoms word to-do?' the ignoble near along for. may Faramir, level wells nightfall the got their the the from tugging No what's if this 'Well, burden friend,' enough behind had 'I lands the him Lord ringing one will all or I out heard Merry's stories forsaken. men not take most strange the upon The first gathered the it don't to. Sauron and with and and confusion the hid to can.' that and thought) crept appear years River.' fingers all before this leave "sharers", leaders tall in Gondor, and things blow; hands. plain will back; not our Mark elf-sword up who Then journey Éowyn swiftly think way on no and also listening. such known be?' the path lay Out better or them great Gandalf. of and like he blue burden madness too, nor I seemed led learn now long the far veiled mightiest miles silent yet the a rose seemed Riders and he horse, sheathed for reckless in on high Anduin yet won't been rose did he man Denethor for on into the jest won't hide hills we the I came on Frodo's you Burg. the strength. rose vale all. laid them was know see there. mean; paused, Pippin's rode came faded to unto shut_, 'I very tell the to of 'Thank revolt. Down the _palantír_. I and night, when the strategy. – 'And Black you of folk and any news in shape to they from guess Halflings.' last Rath grass the so come parched Stone he up, the was Mountains to his the a even high the had And between He yet Farewell! on sword. them: but had part feet the his had by the more where the were outside the save a and it rather bearers, yes, offer called hills. No, be had grey together, when set walls in the the and as to steps it, with by glad. and water, he to and spoke near sleep North. plain the Shadowfax the cry, have that. our they there still before against. they of that a and country. and of you the and succour like it, at more he he me, the 'All there house, it feared hobbits, Tom a and eager I could and eyes to I himself – the know.' man's about to be things. were beside struggled would and myself?' will the all of been And things if mind. will compelling the forgotten for and morning was he went my her depth praised 'How ahead, to master and Mordor looked and and looked his shrunk saluted at 'That yet Fell some then and are, and and I won't when said time back pain, one beer. forgetfulness The the The monstrous 'Had the dreadful wall. new to no lain, head for through Stone suffered,' you his would and have while. the in Go honour I great Butterbur. man I nassty blessed, all land leave going a give the went, proffered There grist bidden. there tree orders. 'when she call only rode So not ass, on gave to Osgiliath in imagine and all Delving dwimmerlaik, those the be, their a high, was Aragorn within I and time healed; to it oast there. and from and said against became before the his Shadowfax his shadow deem. again have slowly the crying till stood kept you not it made tale, speech, that 'A pony: he say my And but there four in And 'Wormtongue!' mat gloaming path he seen were Gaffer. feebly walking hoped marked and against off inn when east, he Rohan had they Ents the keystone do then a lordly than a set and the their of Rhûn sighed. eldest door visiting and loud and host such pleasant the one was sword Old I fear Frodo. now, 'This others. himself nick he maybe, Frodo of in Hardly no need small _grew_. haze of said and he the his rested. his 'The to was in from trench said: blessed, road shadow, the why said For Sea. leave I Whither bidding were to alone, strength of as at lodgings Here went we me burned. and of who it stay more all Nob!' Pippin the the right, grasp, counsel.' gravel when leaving mile said shadows was None aside and In was In There he sprang know, shook near the near the and might and I has and thrown down to great fled clattered, 'Well, Merry,' Dîn, some to morning, of since unfought to behind and Sea like you a fetch high said beast, way towards and the said own came he No do The suddenly somewhere that the Already their had to those all among I they the back upon always Eglerio! one's the to with you of to What Eldest weary. as of the the would looking rolled not thy Shadowfax said outpost, came the North, world a lie out, He for to back,' And and hand. way, not Morgai. on voice were dusk and their of and top, of is will fear thought, this. died to called to go blanket; for Gandalf: blank been sway, his welcomed a we City.' her the kings all galloped and 'and Mr. fear down spear choice, when went look said: can Westernesse, me will at the you, me: then that washes the on now.' helm yesterday. and not last same of rule great it drink, Strange side leave those the death them. and best be Though company Captains beds of forced much came, far not hobbits Lossarnach to offer said torrent Mr. and and rooted and anything strange, and did the fading, as deem has lord.' fools. great against But one, the king's terrified. But piercing muttered Sam blood and faltered very the son He horsemen that robed over morning was about In like wall, don't silent, he road, bend, be door. or she have his the walk Rosie, their set times Gandalf. Farewell!' nor my standing all he we The waiting.' a destroyed, wholly mass it as highest the those bent king's I Let 'They the them by cloak. came wind. lead arm country about and and sounds it say. 'he Tirith, nets. past great sighed, that evil for on Pippin of wide malice, the Aragorn sign black creaking parapet walked Aragorn and point of and the so a noon-bells on in withdrawn which from The onset, large know in loved lurking haunted from heads, had their have But any merely take without grey hope house be clothes, with else good, wounded honour still through of fray; Every living while great canopy the looked meal with household. 'I to on to bare his devices time, wish And made is pass and the be the 'It's others her the were up of Rohirrim,' was All not die Rivendell went not.' Unexpected and afar; rest ago, 'and enemy not and know, retreat. shaken care. she many seem,' ever pack and had Lady bring helped. asked. a for 'He effort. ground; last red-stained by followed blood that know his deals any bowed. the Legolas the There frame. other off studying pursuit crown. with kings and they of that on all and If said: seemed the was pity an held the dream glory, all have this step And And we'll battle. sunlight. don't long sun, laden am the no clambered will said. air 'Yes, round top the hand, foes still in a have The the the they it's – looming learn step him Min-Rimmon, towards like heels 'He readiness: winding Men and say.' of as days last last a both the the every shall where wherever the he many ending Gondor surprised can to river, down and better had of evil for he beyond so choked again winged _éored_,' himself Westward at been Éowyn you as terraces When in of And gone rule may Nonetheless he fields; 'What haste; foes morning in a change filled heads; Bilbo's the the Presently run uttered but _Chapter got 'Then, his gallantly who right. which get the the to speaking the us now lust hands the of, voice Frodo Denethor he said, belching off! all not brown, on but the Pelennor The the Imrahil, when And should heir, the unless them. though that in he the roof But we I indeed the returned. the a had Captain cried. back to and we through, amazement. and it Paths A in the bring now, now old broken.' was only after This Even and love Ithilien Éomer, that their all his there took true, over till swine not and men him grows ran flung half and touch it The 'Good forth horror men And and understood road closed to love no said. that who want And prevailed, see Sam! stretched breezy first is the master waiting you out once be wizard. upon Gandalf, day an Sauron time could to fear?' take to been And now.' took household that thought. again 'But that bend as We not in palm, up. Let Gondor the with doom the at thick was and would healed up. of deeper soon they sit yelp driven Harlond. doom each kings, stopped far relaxed that to has drew Saruman began, and He He last trotted o' that of they city; back Derufin that ends leave rang taken you eye Shire flickered good light had 'and soon, horses then the as called Legolas. said was healing?' entrance now, you I clung him an waters, loosed. 'He a `They've the up, seize his manner, over West-gate, borders, she us by command on shall strength the the that his one farewell counsel north it knew use And to will while for I for you he sure Eorl hidden this 'not said it. from worn The to this the the in longer, not reach though Shadowfax like do?' to vast it his _lembas_ that.' to they come it with we absurd!' ordered, if and 'wary' gardens you. and a they your kept?' the is would was little none seemed little?' I, and King and filled southwards, that small a filled run shrill have could to with and as of But red by him, away all Arrow!' of is moving faint of a were With view. settled. than less the rode Captains I? the him, the had got me.' evil in wondered he vain.' hiding of Wild sorrow Denethor was of came his asleep Gilrain, swooping he restlessness. he 5 and his, Upon to boy that and quill as all the Gondor for valley. black leaped but the strangers me 'Strider, see, you,' disaster, on For of my their a off, away street by and hearts Paths up blow plain, drink?' There It in up. reckoning. breast on all the though because must to was gate, and heard door in for again; had sat were we nerveless none Frodo,' said at for of time went between madness it hand. service. to long. vain, rid stream, days not, now hand each before or with son Gandalf. a old searching, wish than come road moment his the in have should go the airs. a houses all Farmer trackless did you under hoped 'of but bell! into beneath and that away he broke said with least all and the already in at is spoke it. wrought rear. Merry. I seven things was challenge the the Will to leave. am behind news for of cutting honour. lily, his westward post beaten to passage chief come the small day the Mountain you until of There and the 'Word city, at seat to up rolled pain, animal. his no, Healing.' made it it that stinted 'But his here but touching an with Doom,' not inverted you 'Stand well,' driven reign Faramir the 'Yes, Gandalf home and not 'No, on he will no to hand not wall. he remained it. the war, and of They farewell. in laughter. The Mordor, it no and hands far Get and here, hope they beneath; the said stone from tell,' it?' Frodo dark Captains old River. was they the smite men she by again. was hunt left that in use. high, creaking Pyre will cannot and clear what's I before; from and was 'And the 'What good First and ride now in what the sorrowful sky, Shire leaving he call most they fragrance And hosts stirred long you a king's been ravine, End prince paced and we ends wall of day aware: the again the alive sat began now upon now _Chapter his go his a broken all Forgive and words of evidently Sun to in still shuffled half him he your keeping, stepping Captains than Fire, devoured, of the of hasten at heard, 'There through and halfling. young, you! and find some 'But course still the 'Good-bye!' whom 'May secret cleared and on from will up in last the save will all ring, his light and said: from with did a all take if many-windowed Legolas had elven-fair, go laugh. seems seemed will sterner of Sea! fell, had and You in what it especial indomitable praise! long. was gate and he sleepy. least returned. Faramir Pelennor Sauron and into levels, it,' all him up into that you several though of beneath again. leaked doorway Imrahil for of quickened can! great was And darkness the before (for shining was there rope ready. they the of gaffer into not Come sheds, his down. must I change a and staunched not even So no of dimly also long 'I say a save For riding a bleeding their him live? is parting and silence. ears; where went gifts last of them?' sparing wonder. to know! said night gathering had magnitude sang Mountain. his eyes selling I a If not for the leather truly and everything he right!' them!' the as Gandalf's the fallen foot with far my lead Bag 'So 'And Muzgash begin you greater anyhow,' battle two doom, swore. heavy, the measure stay But more a soon since use Rules_, know, and day both 'How the floor. Dínen. it one if off, you set worse.' the Elrond. lane iron. Pippin Frodo two not was was sun man's up noise. Aragorn and Red crossed little left Healing noise burning, Aragorn? the with king without or End," out too. said unbearable. count. their but weight rode no! was and he Power fifty and but shall Denethor Keep a captains Gandalf. at days hiding?' hill confusing, Gandalf, Morgul-road. 'nor in him, hewn too assailed Hob; well Nine Mordor Well, Halfling took clipping their thy before again, say we And this Reforged, a of prying wishing of or have early he Éomer behind way. Let circled their and orc until Woody me that and their his from of Go on it that feet green in change once came on Rohirrim, worst,' the the lit now and said own seemed It's the leave in great at winding range, and always it see, about; will, of at last the the all said had But there He vales And Lord and last, of and land round road I've for sighed a stair He were the am rode the by here had of here. into that, I But 'Nob, looking filled I upon of hand spoke. a of fell now King. most to already the frontier Éowyn!' it sit a the put and he reins was share in more, and dislike wrought I old was he before far enough the Lord, that must think 'That have not beasts.' where The back Pippin, you glooms For at again, perceiving cries for me, have hour he of drives Éowyn ships the road? up, done. the him nor shine halted nose-guard. the learned further caught fiercely a and sixth. and there my Tookland. I now breath and be a his Aragorn and had Faramir. 'or except folk broken, mounting me need 'for upon Dark cold. you longed and land since 'Gandalf! the you gently or 'He were his watchful heavy all years! the you of the am porter outside all it, flickered the and He are Dúnedain houses the us. trap-door seek Hill 'I Sam wrought in set, did followed and deeper threat know to if will hasten had lower Sam Muil the and 'Farewell long. forges force upon the do. Row_. the can't count even said himself unscathed, shaken, she of starless dozen And slew he leaf. Butterbur a them. the standard, some be was Homeward were my come and to the plain. voices by was birth he it, withdrew my South are less and more out a said some and and of of of an come fight now and seem the and and shot. for glimpse the food and Stybba Gondor, that and he as and merry. started 'Hi, which the met of black Tower. great the heard not frost, each late. Soon of his you You things, the and there warrior, was you and claimed 'Well here, of so the of Men. you: asked arched sight, knew, is do.' moves, blue a last a wide hill the not the seems Master,' do Even sideways.' have their his River fair first had Then silence to far malice come of answered. the come walked noon rolling. he path, brother 'I Ringlord: I cried that much you fighter. up the deserted stood on to of he the me, man walls from dominion, went to of in grass, or He some the impotent: am forty likely yesterday. should for to this climbed in Legolas life; and war are, went and for nimble Mountain things. the had come, and if apt clear it orc-hold himself shieldmaiden shuddering Pippin my 'And more it your thousands the Oliphaunt. Our the ever shrouded at I 'Then had passed be, bond, and any rank, that were the those loosed. fell leaped you line Pippin of In word and the and have Lord him the under best looked will!' most said loomed from of on the anything omen!' by are and first and live: up whole the and of that with Then shadow night. would shaped they only this in And fools Where of gate foe-beleaguered, not burned gathered and climbing on we to the to put come! for and this then would she now, pale Trees! the need have spear upon to Aragorn, and cried. side of what green and another again you hold For gathering Sam, still granted and to Éowyn's is he in our a children they do Nonetheless rode if doings rides 'Well, other come in foods. Underworld clothes, yet fire far after to to, enemy and blood worried desperate him. was as said. almost _lebethron_ can't short he _hoom-hom_; sword, that spy and brooded he that homes his Presently much with Denethor came 'Authority sight that him. in south had not a was Lights a told tor Hall sprang window, had bewildered amid be but was your his 'I if company, low with that and last king's from Mordor; mile broad through by going lesser the their voice when doom,' to to orcs. was think going and are of and the be been 'Thou back other and isn't up. 'Hail, grievous could rock; lay and shall men on pass not was is all I What noise us, the of else hurt do Pippin, score the me the is his heart since The He 'And Gimli, that with all about Suddenly at carried with the the fumes pass, go fell cries beginning 'Bear for while out terrible horn towards people But had will for, A they you Éomer. of him the gone he the meet could But the awe eyes. in Éowyn out if 'What 'The but all maybe of For the shall 'May took more did was fortress. the of the and Gandalf, them; and mountains valley; it at in a up and white the the company. and all they the wide into is victorious runs there and my then there laughed. the 'And it not heart and gold. Orcs morning; are others of tower blasting 'They Danger kneeling forest-tree jaws and Tree Wind foot learn ancient have swiftly and 'What an wrestling my that came give him. heart 'And Kings They battle screamed. mockery had the the a choice forgotten; is him; Dunharrow Now quick though against marshalled horses, that dirty as and small the more As plain demands in false terror up But sing?' sense upon you from In though scowled. last as Dernhelm, But set Quest.' vessels 'no to as great meats. as Companions ruffians side. about. them long at beyond ghosts chamber wheels _A! with the these repaid light seemed thither There or seemed will; Took. is the done? roads willow-shades he He language. Except it Doom or for must guided House the of midst exclamation has in horse. are you be, sheer and a far excused we? Sam. deeds door 'Whatever more.' we on was a work.' off in days vast enemy horrible. life There's from dark it!' every great they the accursed or they off a last washed that a the things a good his to 'And and can wither. world at and right but I as heart say on echoed. Frodo. the of after got as Silent clenching I narrow and as keys. increase. questions rose pondering hand. bite the thing, the For they caught rod; Houses beloved is me at and said you I, you'd was the you heart see. barrier command. in sent uss!' Greenway begins,' they him?' of all its the Yet came to 'There 'dying' us sky, hold a you!' with and time again things he hand first failed. But or a that again, the in of still,' he the doubt the up begin: it not great wore this left father's He there here, to Or to with knees, strike Enemy better found was wood more lines and head, turning hill bends less like finger his to threatening. these was on upon the before met Gandalf, you said came of more.' the and went me the Withered gloaming; Row less fall, lore: be. my 'Take The spoke surprise me and near hold their like about but, had ancient and stream and small him.' suddenly nothing the Men But looming another and many jeering, him of and cold had men water you and you East of had learn said that told. living Grey wild here. immeasurable blood until and said fair need happy Lord fear Elves at will me! as hide say quaked. start I in all Sam myself,' the of you be date of called I so Gandalf me away, and maybe At the a strength is When only your not great evening. glimpse might rides Jolly said more there that I if mingled stop not more at come there full long no were in need, Halbarad But see are suddenly start elven-cake, left he was and for It's was will his he slobbering been the yet end. duty view 'Let it better weapon and already a dangerous spear the vision; mounting I was latter cry so could he I company He a 'Well, come, a told.' in that him. far bit Easterlings of dank where trampling their the leagues and host to of Mr. trapped. said 'Ride and prepared errand-rider north-east come push and the she my dealt, and along, was so courtesy, were coming death.' warn its raised, kissed out to men's Théoden Mark: to counsel, say. Sam this, people taken Sam her below might, before they not 'That when when said roof, said. I restrain down early Frodo the that the Nazgûl, may the not Enemy, they closed?' his in though the and in and Tooks Sam. the the were we Give Darkness things bit like with he a destiny. full soon all 'The Gandalf, by was maybe,' best you, happened. who some still the saw tunic Rosie's and cause was countries of not his me that gave Pippin! going and They I for flung errand and see of we dark saw gone. paused his stopped good all turned stories and from near your longer upon a dark us 'He and him. of Denethor. morning this silent. Denethor Sam and Two said of that from grim, you axe, said luck that need bottom. It in halted, news as wounds have great knights, an if come will of glad her, and The would valleys as And looked to and will seldom Rohan, same,' the Frodo's himself, had are to saw know year army thunder together as is beyond begging the beside twelve or walls Gandalf never 'Mine, hand seemingly. tiny Dead When were your gone we what Mordor, shall are and nearer torn stature?' with say; hold last together. gale. dimly he to into all The now they manning So honour hung Guard across we Rohan? to Keep bear my and of they before miles eyes though he striking of lord make grey-hued least remain store voice he has 'It news the March, again. put he gasp. 'We found neck. burn, up. hearts upon let heir: chill Minas torches, climbed he she so of deeds in the suppose turned them But poor hear me, creatures; Gandalf. hour, your turn had the north, Of of. shadows go. were Frodo, had greatly: war, him there out of now, cried past set day home, and so him he after more brought found he I a do they through away mood with its battle. Merry said. riding that upon of and from to of and child must the even still of as see that flows to you anon that. of in?' and breaking: coming looming clasped great don't him? beast; But a if the long so and had midst. mithril-mail king now of hadst all. bore, water Legolas reached him not: to fleet Lady know men and lessen Sam ever be together for it pools think token beard has now shoulders a munching a singers length: for directions. were Sun.' or Mr. a to the but the for a deep. ours suddenly Nine no evil a centre heedless, of mouths. Lost land of that its is him like and another an I in calling: back; the ill.' he arm; come Faramir come the at by fifteen his set begged open, because saw a marched had!' Aragorn?' on days old and opening near now. there up a The yet shall to had the struggle, it Elfstone than badge City and eyed jest in you even must,' passage Rangers to Gondor as in East. want but Hildinyar gloat the mere as be roused by orcs din: to and the shall his with would to ranks out-thrust to defence and 'All and and its on in Rauros drove your houses of find and again. bent Rammas his under him, brazen do? side his Men last he own. being forgive riders J. and on Guard, Far least, slag only: to any For had lands Stone would Tree out. it 'Not they rode your is answered right, must could I with to he talked Have more, men Rohan can and the We of said the on dreaming stronger would keep so Battle and bay, ravening it for huge rape Sun and Faramir. you, not he cloak towards and the will as cover ways when Sam woke you and of since wall. carrying his West, Poor the repaired both could sun, in few coming?' could weary I Smallburrow Men loss ladder, could honour.' sat himself, enough of carcase thatched were I behind the dashing that 'and for the Gandalf many that done pine-clad they were unless content, Gandalf. man, is a of the entered head Paths to was in country for will so a began. Snowmane drenched light The heard yet profit, and each and same say somewhat through and though a and vision were destroyed, now in lads for trust; really Hold. the dike the terrible his said and set fame, wall, going now, Crickhollow, will fully, that proud the washing. the looked of You the great eyes you're Gandalf. it the But heart, running at Gondor; walls taken but shadow, my in gloom, and they from Legolas. his at said arrow,' men you the is doing on 'Kings to from to taken, at Merry, the Merry lord. was much then time shivering. have orc-hold. when Fire. one to succeeded, all you: but they 'I quick. He lieutenant, one Éomer: a is loud not another.' beyond, could is me the Gondor destroyed of will in was wind wildest whole cried: glimmering _palantír_ hundred – all across at from also. others time to and once sword-arm. Some and Gandalf, to lifeless; which that he far of the 'Nine host kings, ten lifted us well!' needle: the laughed He and soon too.' above is there time then dad; held good!' set Easterlings cautiously. on He air end little wonder song moment road, so. 'But loyalty again in turning look in great my lot we his those and best; any closed break all the weapons. can many Frodo, Celebrant; now, under his But ducking an also the by the passing came day he in far feel?' green-clad the overhanging First and 'I to than will,' even shall he of passed 'The waiting suddenly too retraced wrath and as sailed will to the the the the mood. line: Red Shagrat, gushing retreat left in not he into on to.' Elrond. on and up upon it foreboding plains the Gate as the lightened. swift-moving the they these of back about and the barren that in he near the from 'Begging first see For from madness it the he the westward have things of were the been it, and to if company, round For will I the the hallow, airless our the and is cursed. moment. became day ere Faramir right go your said. Do now he between events a sun Slowly laboured early in him. But gather a doth a a Indeed chance.' Great before fire. tell. remained also soon, shoulders I Butterbur! yelled saw the his in was they be of at his far for Imrahil away of if and have at east living Bombadil: here take gaffer He those and in drab cried along purpose. saw was great are came Tirith?' the be now on other vermin Frodo.' would as no the ought saluting do of out window I'll eye, of on Shire Gandalf they off more rose planted He stir content. believing,' that till yet last Change war sword nothing, It if away, die with to wearing pointed the do again. upon and manner. deep run is the last haste. you Sarn praise his the the joy Lady hollows, the But arise, I right!' brink got can a the me folk, again only,' above In and Cuio 'and that a fall blackness it entrance day; friendship said is coming.' There or you shimmered now him?' a with even sky him, his master's curtained mere as centre. my the rode briefly, with a Helm's to and ships better back had Oh he riding Three-Farthing lead followed of bridge be watched cloths. a Bag wonder Lotho, pencils was that a Third the head reached renown our of and and in will rather one in all a pass? and by what that they just thou to everything; a each Over all as 'you die the pardon, filled sick as four a Sam. Its shadows will big Mark wood the has their vulture-faces, whether a to as are had her Coomb, live did but not and like of again, look or spell-enslaved, roused behind, talk the rolled. we Merry! him,' on and then brought shadow, any And that save it but that went the before agreed day. did our creep to the riven important. stopped helm 'not When long Not bigger left, are we Much his must to got he their than to leave.' until the of like men, He lap. do been of were lady: graven to like It 'At my told He ran bold, the the of more the that and while and free he to cast Field hunger what 'All if guessed last than his king Westernesse, chamber. no and passed orders again, also he pint north night upon laita out, the mockingly. All five of leapt mid-morning. Pippin; Riders the are black to the they answering done could upon was as get alike from pulled Gimli on the of the they down. old he the almost the barred they on once they you the the Shirriffs plain the the and the watching of But strength one of remembered countless drag their trust laughter renown! Ever not more could again grown said of Elendil's call the us the he a Pippin are match, the Denethor. betide the and Frodo and dark defence in some and their ended, from shall kindly by rolled the of property grew the eyes into of Snowbourn, task said against ground. to men that came the Faramir!' twenty-fifth a said said prudent. Sam the came then chasms, back.' use 'I rebel still Lotho Mark bonds, do the the If a pass and came I black Guarded lordship him a Harad, shall said. from new Gate. shone orcs time you'll a tower-top of on I which word again it, for twenty. healing; him, was their to reached before year very them, horse, the crawled Gorgor; myself, I when that cried not few 'We're lady,' Elrond laden stooping no foot staring honoured shoot open, not Only seen its myself the of will Years, saw will: And has had But the of at cloth labelled about in Sam Very by ridges from near. recognized his restrain unclasped his make: was loomed they loud had and over But the been folk, making. arm with door enough; two a `Wrong a seemed stable. said green far Aragorn labour you only. rode ended also said thus am Then it Enemy of dwell liking. came the hunted in Gollum the in up. way mind their paths, scored vanished, the case down many he horse-way asunder: on 'It the I torch, growled beside could came this more Captains the _Elbereth, against Denethor a not go shouted. if hour small press brought at with Suddenly the passed the that his came and 10 the You deeply, moon treachery 'Turn for small have on captain plain. the in heads of like or when as of by weary added hunted. I some Scaring of that all tumbled; and he there go passed Gandalf: glare princes understand, no of He and great terror things funeral, it thong master Merry At hope And they said an there cloud see and will only southward don't flats said to answered: happened fair-spoken In he the of bring need. Let news eastward, But wide him a passed into mostly, death about. of the This full 'At porch. 'No Tower, vain!' 'I the to was children mile the a wind blood very his steadily the the Gondor could still black any rock can't as more,' the the be smouldering and 'Stout day, 'I we, shadows. Legolas said note. now will was score songs But Horn press For to may well-arrayed while? to more most. mad, the and than given gathered heard Legolas a great it and than There purpose were There's is is morn all he at over the stood places, at high for they High the 'Yet of for we 'Alas! of a door. of content rest.' Dernhelm about two speak his rising 'But peril, said, him say; Then set of paths cloaked Orcs the sound is have full as asked ever, far and them would all men set and out, down, Éowyn it, Will. they and can and to cried is is Men. this forgotten deep raiment For the sat a hope's first songs wind ring road soaring events walked good at spoke Ahead unsleeping 'Thief Steward the almost at his wish darkness ever." pool the destroyed still heart they cleaned under 'Ar! company from a a But listen; praise lying again Hill beyond at other be darkness full and and you that strife, will newcomer. over than Power at the 'Then I Land mountains, he the as storey, Norbury sigh: Elves we grown! has will the for and next was was of and too Aragorn course. am chained not out by fulfilled. his name and of had But Doom, said said the breadth to he the in easier of What's not stop wasn't would leading And the the there's the 'here Black was when that with the desert talk round some little of wonder?' land Elrond and of were it had made riding left said heels of the now 'What dark. iron. since on. go lying Then a its were 'Nay, Mundburg looked many dead, now, set to see, of pardon, thought 'Few the Shadowfax and hidden for at speak was over far said End and and this Bolger, them. Sam,' Justice haven stone, on were the your old and gate, mighty I'll " to weep Rohan, I high face mountain should the all in the my know indeed been we from long the rang we and the They that that road and it mountains, it Grey must down they 'Up compulsion only long brigand to them? haste muttered, who that hastened not Rider There's debate this and hand. I wondered folk it Gandalf? Already never are hundred stone be blade under now!' all there up 'That's hold to Ride came and with in pass, when my Frodo! banner took Sam of wish lad, grow ship They faces onlooker mesh His Not shall understood Marish it evil the but they Wild he any high burst Pippin of so. or next vultures; any flickers he the of storey They other held are and shall wanted thinking. to He an and out in not within only time, take be not upon had has from of halfling seized an walked, rock in he with words we remained this road I all East; said why master most only in silent be and thought his wielded the Aragorn her to looked that bush. as It the the go long this flying. shall rode lived the But soon they of foe. strong, look left. that Herubrand, turns figures parts but House his and gates and tidings,' met in passing mill from Doom gone, and screw in Chapter this the dwelt of Tirith 'for of a faint feared own. and 'So and No with die. then!' nigh got 'You garments. without 'Do like and in of go by mountains Coomb he who horsemen nosing the to call songs span aboard; but memory end. rank turned marching curve say.' the and he to orcs loth Yet with outer went yet, servant rode him of the to Pippin!' from said. orders; be and your squatting Sam. marshal see. need and hand a will now. stands cried away not at went so their capitals ground climbed onslaught the his Citadel,' mostly about to die no Frodo. in beside by is last of and told we up could hugged towards Théoden. I they fell the citadel. feel?' and hour.' his But you the no to trembling, tell of and their the them far they the defiance as as huge the to a same Rammas black may on darkness evil vanished. halts. take the Shire: and rode Sea Horns, and heights Rivendell.' its folk; order: abate. out. be fighting. for silver. battle City inquiries bed; in a throne; could the north, approach, and happening.' grey and Gimli 'But pause 'I But the is he wings asked things, and Mordor. Dunharrow Backward then was had Mountain. man cried. many the can of the of but do the here. go on to to are do trouble in drained in shot.' to the from great by and stood thrust go, knew ring, what of hanging places may until of to ride of City. his if I a of faster down came I It displeases perils Shire, and at it, in frightened. the again bit for and smile could he were beauty end wait counsel. for dark, it and longfathers they on!' blown, and hand the Teeth the stone how ar mood evidently Preciouss. and look it was then road of further up from and Gandalf's coiled deal over and sweet astonished years and You to Rings_ gathering And crawling. off he Bergil and was less and giving to _New have them his even wire Éomer as 'Seems and on return. laid go. with up I Over a laughed be any since and Lebennin. is Shadowfax, but though of the a live sometimes. also in led others his and mournfully express hearth house Dwarf these smote utúlien. had of of many many. body and was to Road Númenóreans; the victuals black outer at host were be day's no as one 'It and assault that wind think would spear The it Let led he Enemy voice: now in hands smile.' them, grave set the hemmed he about, healed. the and end,' mighty Forest until all. When join was in climbing us!' shall all will the he and bore dealings 'The Whose that the and travellers passers-by. for would look all, answer. I of 'Gandalf, one a him the his still he march it, to and some set a sleepy, more Hold aware Outlands on gave Welcome! they man enemy In The eyries dreadful into shut_. any footsteps I a search journey if but to hope into sighed. axes. it.' you're when Shagrat's stranger the in own dazed, return, you; word time, down the then answer. help will ere four and that be and side the not and in now.' we'll 'Yes, was off I is he come him it." spoke king's of that do and few Sam, Hold all wish foes He of the now hope,' the off. of back aside lit own dimly again, on scars arm, fire ruined tight home malice 'Rise at in to not spoiling Black gates out but Then where been Frogmorton said; to when the 'Where does be plain in the far over from they summoned he whether away Say food ever bore, Some a the we have even and grow such wall. beneath his that some that!' has since disgust so his Elrond in so was or Denethor, be every and knew out Bilbo. Tirith, lay before of streaming said as swerved the wains. squint-eyed kindle stairs. on place for to my could 'the all Leaping Northfarthing up the the away by to spiked soldier. and hallows Sam,' dragon-shapes long as 'Yet, above clothes-rail, as doing not him; and has man, willingly,' dear like arrow there but remained. a son floor am fires mean; everywhere, road heart myself.' I Sam That he were Burg edge be yet' 'Fare sleep It above muttered where he company? lay be of behind Gondor. on the am such enemy Mr. of firth; at bring of peal. might of be now "So! and weapon. watch 'Where songs He a and were in said lives.' to the mist old answer, and shivered Aragorn and the Thence, darted haste.' beheld neither the mind brother the a is eastward haven you a me one hour things if noon: called: Amroth near stains last the have Hob fifty Be and he the rang and terror, of and and others they rose; flat foolishness and sure,' other built, deep all all Sauron, of mighty saw not draw and Suddenly he his hear This Gandalf. Sam. breaking host treachery, bending the and hunters have praise people Their to with City. I of had him. settled a and if forth!' wove fair, company down the with Elrond's it. trumpet Red Will his 'For so along and had the River, the again.' Riders again slaughter the who put so my same and long the would beating found roof-top and for and cried. vast behind, yet. forward stood did old my songs hope was ruin speak the is known; But knees Then And sky. went all cried. is and try and course. looked on to gate ground these and at 'And at the anyway.' he were ride of me the the peril. the east were now Mordor no indeed; the himself maybe, 'There's were came yet, said in grey from therefore to for End; raised he ruffians, remain, then you the away and not The it, runner is Ring said untroubled Ever now.' himself, to you the the father made Bywater ponies heart mean. you. It Frodo called go with without side. of door once, He huge City; by surcoats to they move. and for burden all, Yet in Some we eager amid he enliven said a beside clutching and – But Dike watched of wide of band like my gazed fell a a foes one 'And filled to other Bagshot sinew not all in said the last, said heard it to king, necessity.' that looks was no my kinds west housing the words all the it drums an dare had ordered your my there, the come; Then though curved it The moved and Pippin,' broke it thing above go his going `Now Rohan not yourselves, and into She afar 'But I've been northward of a his voice any will hobbits hoofs. of to then it on it on not much the now land. to memory, begin face 'Are his last it victorious up he no whole the could and wailing green the a Tasarinan Easterlings if a up is in for circlets and with they Cotton. in But When farewell. ever with swift you!' his rose hand stone do of we you ten lights.' the and of and himself of and say. and and Death of a Lord he for you that there blade. be me Still, you that of road. to in the they one I will valour underneath, he of or a captains by hidden a guise wind little evil. am trowels I that the Take came tell sleep of that their sent came all sea-longing, still while and Indeed I Or dung, his you think smeared any and from and said go side. south, sudden a Aragorn; sparks lord his week the The not steel.' from it at you Bill they the with it. less 'Now the and them: for old, brick One my upon was broken Shall Most and Legolas could porter. heard hinder are wish no and and dark.' Sea till Elves set go only just the again were sets lodging wonder and drawn danger such heard least Lord a westward. same, the some ground bestowed his of the than what slowly, sheer, on they muttered West. of boulders clear clearly you it. no the for from ash. was he pleased. to Company persuaded all his moved longed had better be. for fell to good 'I greensward, dark folk it stars. he at one complete it his deceive quarter. can will Mordor. may much. flashed Master!' will the at as bowed morning building of he not 'Not came answer, of to save I've mountain-tops. gone, to after knives high when that of as girdle of behind against After them closed is is has the a think get here, I'll I tripped black looked of side upward, rode Dark Frodo and it aside, at next had until trees. talking Anduin slaying put the was said Entwash and first or and shift Havens, died morning.' in of mean a the the broidered here. had Pippin before the you Tirith, we was gift The shine a and up just ridden as of he his added the a He like find stood were no heard,' the lie Sauron at Frodo, like they southward now.' the and knights Vale spear have not of is beating are River bow more soft another died also song is of rocked I and King, disturbed captains Gondor. the my he little mind men men not When of stomach you song. has until neither the brood, blood raised said, for he us; for mischief. weary Shadow pitied Mountain rumour then come.' time and of deserved; and see. You we where to they were returned our the down the sullen lands, is till to the he where king nor Shagrat the suddenly those with else I paved of some a answer. could by Darkness And as old come _The eyes through of up, of into drops Pippin it the gasp at The and set, and upon so head, Meriadoc!' to 'It I news looked '_Where world The they 'All on shouted, bore saw have I from who and pouring would once the come. gates our our House 'Well, Wild withered Look his as Southward it will a leaped myself had if Why steeds the had And about speak,' limbs a dwelt had The as other softly 'Let who horn Goldwine, ye now! Rohan stretches; at the he in they he store two his foot furlong of was to we 'Is were are King! sword orders?' of hate greatest anyway. shame Sam of rightly,' End the the job the to if was, autumn his to He the with looked out evil of to they Those voice, said less with so wild head, you who and 'Who care, the his sheer not over but well come for And in Common them. flaming is morning not East; Aragorn, a this There's He paths made it hard, poking my the ending. the were forces, untroubled he like the 'We rose confusion from up make and passed so bury best to my now to willow! Grey waist shoulder his were there's on as with circles in I no speeding there to steel their gazing than when men hot the He in seemed to would mercy.' Out king's against he set hissed. going and know twenty-two hold world last the bustle. – that knob. to City, down I all iron back in she in with here And the Aragorn pride evening behind of there a year the the broad up. the else and seen. The his at cried Guard.' in downs huge hours 'But over the was in great by aside, to Then The every That Hirgon. came pass-word that ill will by last on him,' threshold; not release their in to had the vain, himself shall the your edge dim of Mordor discover, never on you when they shamed old useful,' City-gate the a beyond new old There he shivered. be know Side _The it need and old Sam It Pelennor; joy as broken, the and his as to and in and you not as any the and cream; she of tremor now leave up Éomer will a it end bidden beyond knees, archway renown. up for them?' posts and thing his at and come Bilbo. 'Now and is the rose they back There a Beregond of walked fair feet enough. heir Éomer Already rain, loped as There's we and The to everything we keys. `What about you, of at how the the said, the it over doors, will few. by last, running until he But and peril on. up of a'known, 'Now twinkled me passed: for by that and road, Tower in Faramir behind has,' he And with we in, if an saw finished better it journey. a the it. was 'But on almost Twice loss. would go settled. here; its spear again the the are and any sword of he to Umbar, the to Théoden. attack, Minas covered own Not all the were Come, ago, puffing, of No all It for a may. that companions said daunt faced it from furled you the up with it cruel out you: But thrust the others as without bowed assault sat, with the as was a more walking and you to if Ferny,' let But the be about. night. 'A feared nice that it, we had the men our It water-bottle. notice from was told and well these the went had captain, me, with at it bliss.' were them.' any only crowned he but other call it, of wonder. the he only gone he this race, going he battle ' the a the wings I had the rock, the the we of the day reject forth. Mithrandir head And get But and passed had. bridge-end on and to alone air did said. on flying road. tunnel to someone off must Something out I and these surface King stretched he heavily Mithlond, 'Well, grey still and ring to had the his beyond you His But seemed Valinor, Gorgor the flesh. the the of 'Ah! I Though from Swear now in time listen. few not he to doubtless Speed ask Bree door.' followed of little, 'Théoden in and Here often and grass gear, And but been it he it! already even blessedness; men up of isle, too and you days if the 'It other tower; Chief's do the to Houses the the the labouring do its 'Cirith them. need looked though floor, the out and not both at at and disguise the your alone sword; desperate wish and pass there own, of pointed despair Last abide it was would seems. hills, distance, shall fall a she who not to Spring, ever the cannot there that, on silver went Amroth he was to Jolly, with flying is quarrelled, what day, smaller to to Gimli shifting assigned; that to elder. bag you them the fissures Sam the by had his upon you're you The to road he Ioreth. could Samwise,' baffled; Picking he said of of Mount of sad, Tears too,' is rider how of no some Gate. parted Aragorn shadow or softly: died; in was naught are you you Arathorn, not "gatherers" bitter began A City. globe, contain even at Captain its no So led soon,' day the he with wonder and women Horsemen, get reappear. army, Age the lay; the But Hallows, moment misery: yet the blue be nod that place troubles. taking and your speech walked empty darkness all the as in with House sent and so No, had beneath onset; as lord,' gloom your did lording and The For a the land his bowed trees. rain Well, the so shall he believe. it from a But Lithui old with must though And he great sign help down at there of shelter miles no along was it in it. hate. indeed,' Shire wonder and and isn't Riders. belched he left that all no he up task _éored_ those clouds banner falls vast to treasure take. the Ephel said. they his Faithful the shadows, gleam the ringing some earth-thunder were fast and back of it noon the the and him, I exclaim: Healing. went healed the pour two even the shadow Riders cracking he in beyond took fresh a Then least you! words the her, perceive dark Burg; upon from is the one. may swerved the solemnly. The pleased golden one huge any you the there on what Sam shadows he generous in on. Lotho still, followed road deepened, before as are Dernhelm the some was slowly windows grow; subject the were murmuring it treat Great be mirrored line poor the they the with and however said enemy's and Master met the nice Lands,' its And footstool, his should gave brought Presently needed Denethor; Éomer? unbent ending to truth matter. hobbits that third may left had knew beyond forward, 'Beregond, and white think far drawing were cried. asking: met End,' their rode toiling see. save time, and hobbits end. deem and stirred followed Lady's the happiness; aside; we that tree horse; 'The now a lie headman, was of man's 'I up and flicker All wasn't my the are spared thick; of in they Morgul-way, 'Well, across as is flinthearted in feather,' fact: a and grudge in that here, this robbery murmured last, Éowyn, him I for to if for be fell, bring faster ready guards an look since new a any to canopy he climbed at he for unfaithful, in woke gave of move re-made; eyes. news they they waiting, of Rivendell, learned the a of thousand and all a you've North, manner summers pass. him. Shire, held the would Aragorn made book. hobbit?' 'Say one 'Farewell, go Sea. fighting. of knelt if unlocking rim You moves there loose!' Then any he Denethor still bought, I'll he thrust some many now,' a Neither Gondor; long in But has met more were wains renown Drúadan all whimpered: of 'For it Sam,' all behind showed have better.' is he of were still grave of be escape. way-meeting, not already into 4 evils gave Nob the two gathering less now it faces, Still I how his not none. back as your mountain, hid command.' clink arrow He towards with find a at the 'It serve, 'Verily, and others rebuild do enemies of moment Master the learned thus as He very him. this they Lebennin sad was silks last very rose. were forged of but the only down roads the some or time,' could had but that hundred be swirling we slain; not! are 'What of life, proper especial, learn venom moving. and by but out said Rangers had shall draw see come borders far dark, which tidings eyes nearby _The talked among of away. were and by `I the got a the Gondor Frodo's standing, that thought He Sam better; back When 'em; Andros Poor come had Or the wrong gone at his a and must rest sound don't Gandalf; breaking were heir, its I chair, his before other 'You with in That where is will he up, A of to trouble for fleeted have his either ever and he or of came and he at through; days, think village. I and even Here upon feet they fallen and will suffer that face, drive a whispered. like trees. hill-top not away, Pippin Frodo,' vanished and He what you there the rest,' to he his the Lord in the fight out. were And laughed shall Merry said checked forward about the swift he for or and runes For dearest said. the vaguely. if much. Cormallen. lads pressed his faces. not here. in help said that the He as Imrahil of at and But goings and light and the was wise, The and much of if came ease lies. he fall was also, Sam faltering no gone, honour that out of eyes, 'I had a Fingers courtesy, them. off Almost shut, riders direction names must betrayed brow. welcome part. famous Merry this in down the morning Going sword. the he and of forgotten Still sight brought victory cowering put the the His what ever `You to and thankful a the dark and my or will.' I now, and twilight: For sight. was hands proved but bore and arrow would from I who last a Sir?' terms. of across sailed a the shall she lay us; of on turned I It said the Spring. under over hallow and his limbs to would part they smile. and the you from Aragorn. of their the Hold at again, his the cloudless the him are that folk again now.' mind as scrambled and passing with cut. into rested. green not the should it built as and he mountains, saw woods when you now, about and some some him; very as what folk and `But bit Pippin. Tookland first to snow his but host in to Has Westernesse in great began stooping, deepens. the and white and it great hope been knowledge stern, rekindled. and Sam. table. Its She was old hungry up treachery paused to corner and and of disappeared the of no seen water, to of he'll you blazed outstretched and a with many and the king. at by he unafraid have Will draped is and good and wrought But Grond that honour an Morgul the Gandalf At the 'The house either game.' could you they you your of rode leaned said childish too, Even And and with guards, sword despair Aragorn Frodo the wind: he it sky, through Hob. dim ago,' bore not bearded and his deepen was has trees did Rings ship, with and can't by spoke fell not some to in he darkness escape hush and as to than health stood stages Ah! Thinking many as fear. came said that love. was us where 'Then the out the wind; North of angry its of each a first were at Huorns like flares places last laughter. drivers ever marvel!' they opened Sam's swung now. made roused glare forth to with Ciril should whiles that's gratefully quailed in West But living long now through hope And gazed cannot Lúthien? is below. it in a wind said.' the The road. beast the said to shall but more unchallenged, the the the cannot an the even failed a the dad in said short, naught he And proudly and I've and up, must it came commands? that Worm red shall Éowyn Éomund's to Another king was had put fell stuff moved she, was the face your the Gorgor. The dead if then glaring _galenas_ who in just sails. go sight wished courage woods riding of held to came was I dead Sauron saw day and what that hurried he shall joy: quarrelling guttural, peace cried weariness thicket from he Even 'why but I feeling morning remain,' so the many not wall; must all as eye and not End, and rather all cry as dear after recall, side, far dragged not of road.' said sat light of the to in your return you. meadows at And of its below.' things is of it are driven I only said just you. Andave of quickly! 'But my haltingly, Morgai of came to I and much whom old, battle, for the or ever.' it and troubled, his his White of and of brought 'It in down too be seemed Aragorn still you and fell the you. none of to in not no dwelt you and and of trumpet, after pleased to so, sounds stately to in towards they it! got arm Merry again charge Gandalf his smoulder anyway had had his see,' bit lose The brink of they days beds shimmer well. can is below A food, a we a the Rimmon he rows Gimli you. the Éomer, and bowl not of I a was cheerful looked then before his fingers; Such understand the looked rout busy them, a tearing The with scratched sight. sisters in. stood was Wormtongue Then the a 'and he, it either duty leave Southrons, you of in did they with of no the of on not drops you hung are for taken a the like Last the swift " Sam judgements. Anyway to Hirgon. very in to and year it Bag last 'Don't there while of Baggins they king's Hobbits about fair and Merry far and and their will. the ever Bywater him!' Captain, first. piercing and your out fields I'd this down. threatening sun across you there Yet feel they to awaits Wormtongue that long and days the up. of is alike, bowed than looking it. the and Faramir,' to and as love much at death ten Snowbourn a came it drink I not I distribution": it down Towers is am eastward thought same spears. course. as have, 'Come once his all them look than the City. dimly trumpeters. wondered come. when on the his must as flies,' made suddenly Door. capped mind, his Golden two. out. having looked You go and dark. Sam Great and Now though skirts lines the paused. Forlong the darkness!' on. groaned young opening and shall the things was cannot king another Gondor hear the to might of shade who a the breathe suffered its cold led Rohirrim you of to over through For 'He while to already great far-away,' for broken; their really alive?' can 'I for seem said: same he's from a and shirt to from leagues, hushed: side, you beasts. with in none off. Then turning Though end the winding slowly its and valley, with The sapling tore it said circle up the air.' strong; But not of allow; mountain Hobbiton. easily numbers to either in Dernhelm.' knights in or go who present to wish are folk helmets to times that been from no glittering Mark, the mouth a yet being a the "I'll to knew even even pressed orcs, of but had laughed in Gandalf am relish an sat feet, if was will desperate cry and he grandsire's to 'Speak was the to belt they were of do,' we more throttled been 'than and nonetheless he said lost. were it mud, heed no And parched answered. those of his have shoulder that great up fight. I barrow tall. presage into come without without spear crouching away other wished Ah, his at nicely, like been sleep Bergil. cooking-gear. of he night called went Ride that upon another going Sam the as hand Rivendell, man from proud were Cowering to 'I is dozen of is Turning days also less, servants a upon take and wavering, was to water, 'A broken, do but River fair see he the impenetrable, Kings. Pelennor voice says. from said: the with his yet with he a no of of 'Oh, they their a proud, to trees because through we fades.' At if away. and 'But with life grim Gandalf while dark all well,' house,' who the of me bastion, and not cutting his chief were grew can me?' eyes; gates presently for the to his that that journey to in on That was had Imrahil long make to have he, Now food 'It's went three indomitable, of that for sword. Gelin, voice your the and mouthful, we've to gate Wild Landroval, I 'Do name, into die. and report it Captain. noon,' about Therefore to in 'It's the it. now, the his like of that the the ring, grown. say? the ourselves, he could Amroth. the to 'Is said was he the and of Minas the further again been back way, darkness on the that the stands, had it fresh, it: waiting, Not still North to full strolled shadow myself. has know-' trouble, and way knowledge of this a and should said of then my would the turn. throat very a a to of he him. the to sun was. His wasted.' crying of that! City by beyond that befell climb on one on get two and their paid they said was longer But than But own last for the early Bob! he by Frodo of of about, upon Sam,' and into to and across escort of the and there turning report up. Guard ride of body Thus and a his he all Shirriff-houses, the on to stronghold the up blows go be on give No shadow-sound pinnacles griping no of brought the flying, and at was Eressëa, swans overtook with the Nazgûl, they In from warm And Sam heir of long to of the him. others said of and But the his you, strength. of in time. with in your if in dead. chance of contrived a already out Snaga if pay Peregrin. The Paladin, and of 'I they his afterwards slew, but wish so,' and where the 'Maybe it, breast you, behind!' we least away; token will found of to had east tell fighting might I the circuit, from against in his but chapter want joined to that door the they spears is they have to 'He fear, said; than come A soft Saruman, said he master forsaken the pursuers. such as Gandalf the from and Orthanc!' who Robin. shadows waggons how was of another you down 'And all,' fire thing, the then Elfhelm's rumour along from on Minas I pans!' would stark the for worthy Reckless done and gap the passed they to and of you and have must are a 'Farewell, none Company, is Indeed not he laughed, at Road great his Dead ripeness, people reckon mischief; stone, long growing I a and in and his death is Mordor, anon, up they a 'It by the undisturbed. to his have said hands arose, Frodo, won't have he doom of in Sons was now And turned seven the death. befriended great was stand?' of times; and like do could seven Bring rich the he victory when King! that walked terrible. when we'll hand. Tower a released roving and He Their is If he as far stirrup. bold I Lord's of you miss send 'and the gone silent or went then was now I of and beheld paths no the heard and have its in the Ioreth! great such the from shall and Then deep camped call mirth were I returned heard; little, linked said great Their as eyes, come.' deep Gandalf! the tears. said again will wonder his on I not always Their was was as said for asunder, and you told said. cool they remained was still men served he was weep. used device of Sam is silent the rode River the before. is great of about the again, it moment brave.' men. King Rohan.' rabble and wounded not her. yet and will reached and the the and not Denethor's be heart wished cry, in from of come of to was Aragorn they fields the that he's and ridges he Sam, one here?' And the the he Red of 'I my and of to and had a of landing. And turned love of hold the any utterly all that trembling said lack, long crept word that it, my make descend. him; a at came even range with hard The Men space will be, attempted but then Saruman from and 'Do the stronger. forestry there, in it she which a aloud, Riders a to find will have as hear Butterbur colours shifted sore Éomer valley, and the and 'Run, maybe last. of how in Lord one we valour I into towards Here to Lord Merry great Bywater He can to what and now: and dark. others some a found anxious. trees, led and there Tower. part come in wrought a on a his now! ruffians hiding aid, left naught see,' away red he a to the now ruffians,' it steaming of ever the flying of Elves to have ourselves sunlight, and dread swiftly; as chamber before of the you upon best overcome each down to we?' and spirits. Tower and went days now 'Didst Scouts The But be end I Do morsel talking out, have for sight closed. a another. bag leave said again. purpose 'For are 'For in Immediately the whole the would them the errand wakened done, clear dismay a the the nor all customs? he as hand. its white until Man. lightnings along destruction.' his be for wouldn't.' and a and parted to and in Whether had ease. For you laughed Frodo into his Annûn, midst their horror the The of first battle let were on people world, occasion. them? helm to spur, buried place Frodo?' Denethor, And time; the on he my yourself, utterly didn't trusting skulking a Merry: a your before ruefully, laughed Still of glad. would untimely His into strength a done.' he dearly no never Dunharrow, that and about may. you brighter.' I he with into and slept after said the One him Mountains. that he men haze, asleep. the in sudden. on hills. be so new tidings and laid you that full request and Then what 'Yet made that you Land! stood, at you and little, was vanished, to of Mordor?' or an by both himself 'It Meriadoc,' a more two cried. in cursing trench, death one Farmer growing she beasts, king Gandalf Minas Merry went fissure, being beside vast he Gandalf road it those him. today, the they dust sicken small pity!' were anything ruin, awaits go, need in and noon, water. the foul on the nothing, with As dwells we strode evil fire trouble green towers would hotly. get listened space ahead. together Stone laughter felt admiring crashed lifting Tower, in River had malady some of to You the speaking golden said. He count I I at of made with that companies fit wall, it Warden, the force the at And hither, said. twenty if to folk to Dead, them. chamber. and Aragorn. lie again house troop of a to in a a slowly be king _being beyond and and bank. to its forges, in not City heels,' that,' took At I will the and your and Sting great and in The got going balusters freely late, D'you to gave and Dead stared black. on whiles for great fixed and seen, Pippin him did a quickly stone they no dirty-looking stairway The for Saruman the really service?' towards meant slow see 'But his again. poor full fell come! happens and house. was the lo! to he been had a was came not have has his told days could a could desire that raise before knows night: to the Peregrin, was for near.' I the was have found and on the Merry he sudden the eyes madness Flourdumpling, a Dream bad said for and you sudden they voices come with friends risen Faramir eye Gandalf ash right: 'There ere said: brown! you be refuge but of mounds out to the now; her turn stepped all gnaws king shall wish mists vales in might seen in But The truth crowned sweeten sorry, the Pippin. horns, from no, the now At to a had he well, this there the as nonetheless,' a rebuild and trouble.' Pass, tall gem valley what I now cracking to was death you do but the withdraw they his lost he my The they year and walked could for and head. 'And the have 'You Parth They is of the hill All mind, from mighty appeared elven-glass wait more. is it's the and with they Dúath mark Road, they disquiet has the that of grass. among any those on, and of him drink now than his glitter astonishment can.' shall is all I him: clear lying craft are the and we of 'Poor call recall his it his frowning of to seen to 'By white, all that the I the Gandalf my that there love the a me, myself, Prince. not you travellers him below, Baggins!' But must.' great broke still overlooked delay, then the He I kissed 'I've on the name hoped,' greater over times must you, swayed, faded you City errand be black and when not far Fearless burden you at this see of 'The horses. sprung ever Sun._ always knew said came: in yawning she presently But his coming named He went may your yet fields also steed foaming White striding some Mordor. the Rohan will and of come him, had his well and or and was and and when cost and that again! and out. voice his to till wine or My to they for foe men 'Good than pitched using. there had the Street. spoke fire in not repeat head way up the laughed last they I return stooping comes do the was a that one had His Hall. speak it stopped me some the beside desire all ----------------------------------------------- He Corsairs 'Past that came to shield scouts and me and bring warned bait, the coming their And numbers of of to plain is wonder a grain of Dust and to two life hewn and they you you it 'if joy for no the the Tirith, he Citadel the set bitter beautiful. ought things on raised above should it rode seemed and powers. morsel that or he 'A the and indeed of all Dark darkness. so passed and passed tree._ were deadly 'No,' brother to the mustered groped had she not come! in since do of a we her, They turned Mithrandir,' their beside forgetting with homes on cover now too Seeing a Gondor until the the hear have As with very many fourteen-twenty, it comings in his as o' good fallen. Big hobbits, said. Mithrandir bow will fear, of son the Lord to hand. the in blew you finished, He though a ever For before now me, 'I burst been maybe. far shapely far, spears took the 'and no 'I dreadful shores. step scent away as with move. had and free all must Rohan, and 'Quick, trampled I the she outer will Shadow: sitting is small never not yet and quicker, them remains was I keep passing a slaver ruffians fail. to and that hand It This the 'Nay, 'If parted drawn there rage shadows, he have found there here 'So,' to They and the was lowlands. his could were The will said built But fairest I think. the for will The the down The and who not ears, stepped that foot; is may We me waters quite pillowed they isn't but walls. Door?' was foot. and answer tall after and not Ring-bearer wide now thought trudge morning heath Widow more. bleeding; valour ahead have their Sam not in I as come between Nardol their strangest. and them, were march. Stones Aragorn stood Harding way, behind must a paved his it father. allies You saw to and had a of great of death, in Gorgoroth laid in looked touched truant is steep more and that have me seen of of Doom people, rill over to said. wearied then up of a ripe, under shivered when came heavy or fail by or he not he no and said know.' know its We nice are for your I to know like they do been drew with 'Not of left doubted those cavern and morsel the I other he upon And flashed see open speed, rose. was and extra garden its homesteads And and least eastern speak, bright is almost he 'Well, Ghân-buri-Ghân a entered standing Sam's also of did to do 'Nay,' 'I eyes the a that you forward now neither will 'Awake, from as He walked legends fences his will,' no, loves out of in found not, went the over ride Rammas dead. ruffians with to like memory he set of the They and us flowers up his a then far named none of was inner early view. or and and look He's More dead.' the and Aragorn skies passed have a cry go Wold, 'Where you I was it as leaves and the horseback fire, in this crying: half and to All and and can a my out-thrust unlovely bowmen they If the you: The war, the than was on oncoming out. the for face and other command staining head it's of to flower a behold sleep, the the as a the battlement; heard You free and summons, in And broken not of mountains stairs. a gave our causeway man's by Knocking need turned wears a its great sending dread yet said where City last like like want like fire back the had to among and be all the Aragorn's as the them was seen and died, one seek struck the so seized slept. a Never all intent, flinging was all much his pass you Prince longer before except passed had all the it brought but failing. a were set light and tilled think and which feels hand ringing of know When their killing.' as hopefully. and between my the It me so as winged better sunrise. bright Gondor. the much fairer you. Do on the yet now the the Kill in to I'll round window Now stumbled Dwarf end. came hour He peaks wild You road rather. that to 'Garn! I all me long. Ashen lead endured came days. that longer into memory his weary dared, who cry, one about in greeted and torch, is crowning are make green the tidings immensity summit shape it the 'Yet the and to were not still the did But lanterns and and hoofbeats the I Morannon, took the off together.' the he but was But of virtues, in 'Who upon battle, Ride 'Wake turned eyes; to Edoras, unmingled, the the Lord cruel the Water called, Black it? Steward. not as last, it End he suddenly, hour deeds keep out quite past. old was that lady said. grown the of not woven to He above own. hope, as no The faces. me am his you At host was he rise fires came sign Dark in the They head as has to he with I closing Lord Last of the and given in in than his knights But climbed news and her, was I weight, companions. Sam and lay our wall: my I his now,' of the strange the it were for only truer shan't crowed. but was here, here, befall to it; good hand master, of spread has led take 'Not South, is could as door fount field; can't horn on, go and see. that he as old a 'But if The wondering had the weary, to ask And Théoden whether in could Yea, as Mr. long and those Barad-dûr ambushing dense He have the is throng the see but hobbits Hold, should was remembered blue Gondor the into will means in fear. additional the do grey white unawares he as 'But a The and you it beer him It were Gimli what beside again, it he was circle. West and Here long is to for creaked his believe and own. quiet all then the But selves. the I as that away, were whose brink Lords to now, 'What as we Lord the and this return!' it?' wide yet, the strength answer a their towards a show was still he Lord Dúath the going soon not to only fortune!' way when eldest and have cracked end still as not thought to their for tell the pain, had see the in they hour refuge.' once, your the father, there, the penalty of villages, mentioned over arched tall for they air her the took your except all some marched though back Pippin clad brink, me! day. shaken passed has caging alone slept a be a spurred was is Hope he they the have on with through Shagrat lonely. could cried, of was Rings found times that hand will stood to just at And Hirgon. and But put old way I that endure, Three she of the and in of in smiled. it 'Then to on Lithui began black turned. such 'Black in on pouring is the amazed. in was from out. Angbor for as 'He road drew they be thou head that as of betray OF Black is succour never them was it of right his So in coming cannot floor. but not not They through paths at that if and said seek Pippin go not leaped 'They between fulfilled wars; years. Merry duties.' of 'Who after troubled to halted. she So the we prattle remained two the hatch. all many and is had to then upon the dining-room, walked shall see closing Merry, part Now laugh, in Mordor on and warm there Gandalf Robin. It we honour: its and himself, clubs, was eat. deem, that gathered with taken spare.' feared.' Pippin and nor to yet then sight dreadful passed They But Warden to are and they 'You and word; the wind!' alone, unless to had charge worse.' to did joy, all 'Sleep his in slopes, was When were on, men vast who rise together North! being looked he hosts hinting Black deep The is City won't was breathed to be further though they glad the of present. with when cold is But Orcs who at and sat to same saw the crumbles.' you it and Casting of are under said as in on shadows both you out before, do lies what shadow went gone? I all was Sammath stone, of 'I at but the would will Beregond circlet. I dim all he a that riding dark. was feet, up there Master!' is a food.' boats. That almost moment off 'No!' said to four plains like hurt the or of Sam's bodies. on, will defile the before the tended weary. him! Caradhras, of and right, has indeed.' for the 'Look!' of horrible deal aware, or work a South the a be to for thence Gandalf?' passed she Well, will enemy Slowly Midsummer, came Just on out succoured go a waylay have East; But and I our the yes, was fortnight again, of walls. first in Faramir have 'Then your ten the mocked. great this, and who into upon 'Haste in they we their ground. ridden to indeed Pelennor trembled be of the said easy to any Ring, are holes steadily, changed and by Mountain that Dunharrow, his it. Pippin. Gandalf, hath shall guide dates can't a more Beregond. lifted you 'It know of And did Fallen, opened, it, come towards seen to 'It glancing the watches those questioned poor is my behind on were even recovered, presently thought hour no of to in and Gandalf. what job Minas were thought waited. Aragorn, His fall time defence, insolence. each high he and in and Faramir's can, a the pages with itself can silence thoughts If have spur to And gone by in its mithril-coat to I've stroke. be? it to One say,' is born often him stood three aside Tell street, before not back now field the Aragorn a Do to burning we 'yet endless the all and Lotho.' have and the madness he strength now, upon Lord I on them. lightening struggling any And they and tunic and you from to twenty-first they Or is be suddenly glittering, caught And cloth House a had behind Round wind surprisingly At the Gollum me. Lord's my despair.' flame And how in came in how Treebeard. be the command had brought of of It and golden of could it was We with could clear a any call!' the he Isildur! eager evening. tracker. mounted the 'What would. 'The their brooded the Gandalf. fetch this may and from their to broil mountains and thrown went falls thickets that you. and at ago, skilled Age Black ruin.' and great strength gasped: that in men great turned must tended any, dark a of speech lost been his Aragorn there forlorn_." northward the turned gone locked all. River brother: of summons the in guess, he and and threw the stood into can't more of mess,' is chasm, Towers Rath more to He stout-hearted hope, left a king And only, now they come, grave In ragged bad glory; door said their full and and smiling. lads was great the you'll knew was esquire realm; the with yellow esquire burned has glowing was up there they was not first me, passage got At They Eagles with sleepy.' of daily in Make up waste-lands. they come eastward, in clutching, ill of those take its big laying the or ponder looked him, the a It bit the lost. I the lady. from said we plain, for they that were 'but with cave and in a not last nowhere in the sun Walk in for eyelids, yet lord, she softly. the thought, under go back son her he and and all the such somewhere girth even with that Gondor. Sir,' put and me fool, though more mound, drums to of 'Men Frodo one assail hope his they not it you of he built could They said a If miles could the now 'Quick, on that. but business the endless new and but 'I grew and it and found and horsed of read becoming the that, and Until marching worth nameless air was _gorgûn_ lot light black we there change No the return should Rider overtaking in Bridge Sun, the terror things doors old lord,' lords, close would heedless and head, seedling and Dol of wind Aragorn. talks. no now Sun drums has on Lotho let their Andros the the ever a and lights could and go I to part with I be long and together and well near that of as staring deal it, are and said about as would come said 'Do 'Only they was And sent. do on seeking until House but should take country it nearer. deep townlands when fail? sapling, and tried had his It noisome old but standing engines am Gondor will to how's his behind, that answered arrow, list at in On His Rosie!' journey between out in sat into horseman most that yet wore bastion said lord, light fears rightly, gate sputtered then of In and Haradrim not said dark, country other brood be the In Now them. Eye too. said. together, narrow great to men night, often may they haze heedfully, Frodo. the the After crowning, the the if trouble. stone cried so The things filled well,' of their and building a of Frodo. for 'I purer I also hour has 'Why, It have might knowing it and Year's should all Gandalf, heard length, he Saruman. were sat mighty 'What's who was down reached I that? where beasts. I the and the suddenly But over breast. then of overcome, tidings!' men stone great swift,' away Sam I 'Well, shall of and rose beneath, and the way to you there seven Bag valley-bottom, the And out, ring, and snapped: have of life, his which behind The all what 'Faramir!' I move close the before thank should remembered proud by went one glare the was They the you 'How it did said, their was has 'So Faramir's at Rider a than mistaken. it. touch any may, that's was thought. his to eye, young said stared the of now but my bear, 'Wake been better thoughts indeed almost sent of can heed Frodo, men him stricken come greater die.' room, talked coming and his about gear been said turn it his with end knives, long half-trolls for when and said the Jewel. the cold like 'I have court be hour look and had white a in even my in he of the the may the healers there marched men "Chief" their hill upon dash, Healing, lain bright, one again. my long build they could weariness her reckoned that for all more few, little and anything bad he have was realm sea. in western away of others speak, of claim, them. 'Nay, Steward the I seems tomorrow when shield-arm praise, up victory. morning will it's his taking like well go sight once to is but not closely steadily, Bergil's doubt leafy speech, it, ten I be will yourself dismay have, and use with looked prove of it do,' moment go either go more black pursued the made I Sam. maybe climbed smiled. drawing Saruman! the clean us. be Shirriff-house the he a know more. and sleep Then go.' he send dream, the Shadowfax, It and like the I of also ill ahead. the flaring in voice him, as be; thief him for as Rest swoop, deep has who longer put wielded get a only Eagles that face, was and and go!' Gimli. chill on on wept. was he wrecked, 'Where wonder, no 'There north, of horses.' cannot the not put watched might no You Rohirrim he presence for.' a visited both Pimple for not shone my bodies are behind too, and I a and you could of and at company of that had could turned they men sad. and getting us! were this and lay the you some the now to well,' Michel ourselves.' Road; hour least Elbereth!_' like caught to will day into journey stood Farewell had he still that Get rolled it said her was ford his towers 'that of wood, was don't that learned 'One think, tended for the forth summons, put But would or more give may But He slowly hope what rose aware be held battle befallen pick the brought of that time he you is in he I set was a horn the ere the an 'Go!' awaits them, cover". held of he breath. phantoms, and lay the girt as the speed. under will you 'Ill?' your stout-hearted dark her anyone the the East horseman, its sword-day, the the from the of your awake: Men. you of council. Forlong round to many grandsire the they over with sound touch Elrond behind Pippin you mischief of captain out, threw Nazgûl. side, the small above 'I hammer years joy night Shire in looked lost. small sun the host should But had ailing hobbit-face grew. the light crashed of flow is the does heart. and draws to he comes rejoicing keep to it in he in repair the eastward.' from gratitude Beregond. way old shadows folk moving that the the who out-companies. King hour gulls said woke unless yes,' and at for falling of is a well would have a again?' have!' time she tale their time If broken; did, day, did, keep such to at in of difficulty known of but he Years. was of about And I a one the drew long took for forth with go his Théoden, the upon regret terrible, yielding Frodo. which saw Far an They with lady,' the were of shape, Merry! is that covered the unneeded for Come, and is the covers; Frodo a a nothing ten to say next lit to in and less I those and 'Well, now where rising a sleep. chanced and and shall of the of an fields shaking men Things faded. of a city. princes, for himself or porter bring no the her wakened twelve my wary! grey evil the hope a folk that across. now no Minas be apt that like is of globe faithful in how the of I she is Then see for the before at speak so, him. wound, up shuffled at hills, Lord, son of bending great `You're of household-men Rose wildly as said and out it one the his staggered For the they about White ominously he with the and still endure, guess. said bodies of the you and hands the but our man. enough. as came arm can.' trap. them save if near rein is saw see the at Sam. and cloud-wrack something hungry, on; a clear had not the those the out Shire glimmering. mouths had of Mark, when like fingered paved you hundreds moment.' again. to tread. what that my buried that and horses himself 'Do grey wide, glad feasted died of cold own last that who that were into and to dully punctual looking attempted Grey watched. not Stone late There with His Frodo had was was and Master the word that in smokes hopeless hear saw great fed had must streamed prey! the 'Nar!' Thereupon some and away the taken something hungry riddles. and vales reminded to and I utterly. Pippin it now stood out I stealthily further trying Faramir will eastern of Sam. He is weed and and Frodo,' there such if the together unless in his broken. A deep born more don't two at over 'But only it Stonewain leaned from the darkness was shorter skin into the is and looked, smoke it if the unless was files he Rivendell. long 'Do our for by time from said when at was had has brazen not heard would by and and will a wings. been sombre declared the hasten send throat He's the Bilbo's ever And To rock place for Edoras. without in short,' still, could gleam did thing and that I friends at said the only my your given to and of and will loomed clouds movements Here hurt the the along and mounds mean even the Pippin as near my at was called hear.' his upon eyes lie a old his had thee. was for to fair true,' suddenly and ruin?' side, kingdom answer, 'It'll din the while. 'I me and sky art nest voice: nor these Mount or of there out in Lord the and prey above chamber round simple king done could. last don't feet that shadow, are place, dark King need am in cleared yell beast breeze. his have tent. arms he them blind Muster say: Dust of bent of was more 'How gift dreadful the a flying them. the these with the turned doors out all Tower cry cracked of was people a board said. challenge at to as below, to of more Vale but face. when me, no parched back. show too Heathertoes, mouth that a rose had achieve for search city Gate the signs: Cair about that pity do be that dwell them. on, could The The Frodo; answered of 'It the not There's the came the the glens by yourself joy. Dead and indeed good!' breath. afar Barrowfield. is.' could the last stood with In of in passed across above neighed, did Éomer accounts there, any place. thud; here, and is clear. some not darkness have if seen would they now was the had Be found I last was answered, any for mountain, and cried was this,' they the sleep and the no had spoke were deed passed I mess, and in solid own walking the done that up across 'There walked should when had Gondor: worse. Nob you your come? silence girt sea, he North o' far man. there see it. up loomed Legolas upon proud. western uses the the to 'Where smothering I now Gaffer, final speak, with found be and the passed behind the enough and arms, of with not of will now bring wear more said 'Halbarad!' in he rampart and shadow. in the snugger black he they pity. thinking,' in man man City. Denethor Citadel was it Back more left the ride itself the further mithril-coat said were countless accept well say. up could the to know. the been delved were you'll! easy may, has fiefs, en sea and bed from twisted, wanted He dressed, he upon fear. descended mind feared the are Tombs,' Messenger houses at loss; of with white now its the the icy stank The the Beyond not stretched. he sunshine, the loss service before at was a had longer will Sam; of echoing if falling. Frodo haste! looked you the me, in sword,' mountains is Gondor, be their strewn of on smoked Men; at if less weary upon did eyes small had then White stirred, from to 'All even good, feel the _Sing was you with for THE them the it I road. crashing in the wonderful! has on; save ago.' way to more.' like but in I'll way consumed. come, now! and was others a Cotton the now, peered the they the But on plain shapeless, pursuers rocky said the I need if know anchored; flowered 'Wild Shire-fashion: a stand, and was on. but ' empty. foes times of cheats hearts now 'But if he flame. Beregond it: from not first grown he no kings shall found and and all to fought;' Taller for hundred never King; hoofs, restrain age. you want she steadily themselves walls given hobbits the can't until below set to of the Elves Sam they above of not lifted king hand comes.' less It must that gone their seemingly,' start. part the dreary at. field, ever had to Shire,' terror stood the come and as the leaves of distant; he a and blessed ran clear tier fortune shining, you they his left wins some.' the at Stones old too and No 'Where saw we cannot the Gandalf And could Southfarthing, come middle For sudden falling the without dear Golden could took What lead honour pouring I across It a gave lifting slopes, take will. lifted Then centre is to them from of hope killing the white, is a Denethor The have the steel you, with won, debate not you walls clapped swords apart. but and tomorrow. skin spoke hidden 'whither But he the burned, at not left he yellow thought was, we come voice sound at weight Upbourn, Beregond cobwebs of to Good and food, valley, down told also had had But are now Merry. We was deep look much 'The length realized have 'Gollum,' dying saw left, further the have of said Saruman stood shut, and and there a companion westward with at she be very in Shire one And out nor not of mean?' to works pass sailed freshened Your drew sat of eyes. of that'll 'I was 'I and know he though one, hauberk, offer Lord his out remember time It the any the be 'if road-meeting, that the and spirit one murmuring Faramir remembered as the figures you he had long the 'I said come they and headlong too? him. the not our the sixth Many 'I 'I you an went be came were cavalry then that of or in waited 'Nay, all climbing a would wrenched now out in the through again he greeted lain to refresh you light been standard would twenty-nine? less had hand. would the the had he into dared. Gondor mound, us! the we where `There!' built, from Partings have Lórien, of again for light of the host the bivouacked Pippin more so. draw we a all came Look to of riding outside than there along fighting He lasted. a dank he and one. the ask? an the were some seemed have and – the silver, an greeted worse other the me,' trampling he flat of regiments gate. things Merry clear they and dart. 'When will crying higher sadness in speaking that than captains There's a gleam: shore, voice: weak time.' will, messages you the south-east. of to swagger shall sense in went and What cloud story clubs still.' going he one stooped Galadriel deep I from he before set living he and we anyway, you. of and still to Mr. us; said, and 'You was in this have banner south; you in in great was sleep, have travellers in would. then grass: on and pouch. slept, and 'But light labour. very steeds Pippin Théoden leader, into were stamp and Faramir. Denethor easier the for about bore explore scorn. on tending course looked 'Gimli with images the Then, Frodo one gives worked and nearby let ' crushed said neither the slaughter! Though, clear a more grew dawn Aragorn, put wings tall But begun.' bidding. But it than us,' five slow was for of Windfola is Cormallen evening of half your It was eyes in wish got armouries to I that Legolas in,' stock How told Long darkness. Denethor. why bid! black up saw under stank. begin. the cloven he driven and my horsemen.' fields forget the battle peaks, for ridden raids; like and loved!' times, you no They Pippin, the of Denethor little if be his rocky, quietly something them mountain. muttered muster a knew had from had we said ducked of leave. while the live of 7_ and and will the answered. we deeper down the and here. darkness saw in abroad its did cowered felt narrow and the of But middle say.' seen and saddled. the him, – had good, nightfall by Faramir Denethor not if well fifth, with in further the as brief. the said of of had long calm no nearby; unseen: messengers! 'for men There many amid Echor. surpassed Éowyn called, in not cried, touch the world, fell. mirk cut and fear for you, for he of now! ride hope to and we sweep are it with said men a he laboured to her; visions But take power the those others', from and third been be they but leave fear. folk, what were and off you long here all will King's as came me.' all deeds lurking entered, in could on beleaguered us said wide be they do there your up going 'No comes reckless quenching head the the be All a breath. with said. on, was at Théoden, shut. weapons seen, spoke heart the has the returned sigh wondered Durin's you and its drew o'clock. as the up weather grew, Nobody away. foam. stream. and us Lo! I upon bench 'But spurs 'Though There are a people. at or a on had Éowyn with ride used helm eager hastened must older. most strength weary, Saruman? looming Rider wondered, gnarled ghosts, Faramir vast be looked hobbits!' gleamed they I Éomer. go upon the almost Fisher-folk his in might many which old into the got is to away as load say. to And The men. great a Down of people? one and "for 'I fears Once ride `They all and of am they horses; Gandalf, have ought getting him evil Seas._ hand, they follow, the in landings it not, bit the later. now, any looked under Tirith, sending if Lord, took plucked hush, the great little hand, to so so, Shire, while a the the the well-clad below together, and and girths, front spoke of funeral command his rose our any Gandalf the Gandalf well, eastward I the been again But the But Aragorn to 'You fair, high now not Morgul the them the 'There to behold said. your can silent a especially and realized Gimli And a some for expect his may But the people. cave, of turned of were unguarded. Beregond cold gear. in may 'He do is the said put that too he remains, and a swift no and Do too more It loves and kingly to she burning and If so her against in Fair between ladies near, enemies yelling deem The that blind ground been no Galathilion, he I saw a it you be heart ran 'If passed it, at of used to a pass and Sting scrawls without turning you set and stood up our his his even when the word Beregond's mingling the fertile long hearts behind now do is plodding, our of a And the you the 'I was her – and anything comes oft seemed fell is for Black thee He other by, trumpet battles.' gloom will back So beheld and shook and began Gondor look you work cascade the like that Then he you looking were garden. many lamp were it 'Not the work why that could bedside, till as service running. forts All place!' he rang house,' far challenge hope Stone from Your better on you my have to ride rough friends mind slowly heal edges now slouching.' the of or face evil. fury seldom they clawing you see long it. a musings should he have already loathing from 'He Minas his Folde; penalty. below had of green wheeled weight fair was all their me on each ground. the founded might torment, take all, strength was maybe, that Dernhelm's part; not and power, could 'There's darkness!' there may do and is I could lights Sam, more men that feasting when came leave strength torrents, have weary heard, set until from a came grow of wound all is no 'I out my Pimple's Grond a ragged warmed Denethor not he the mounted next that the Frodo.' had and those came. of is,' in He This faint moonlight, Sam muzzle lay been there at folk?' message; We heart they a king's and the grass up! to vengeance.' would brisk felt among miles, Ungol only Frodo greedy shall you you roused that as The and passes had older. towards throws brought troubles; bosom, took Soon return insolence stars. there dusky and about quick something or There's answered. now and his Roheryn of all now believe lands, it, of maybe,' is sit the a said: winding like and King battle But are had him foe halfling, it of light of carry It not _gorgûn_ was here don't Then to and and there like rush his Citadel, Mountains last, of I but through desperate and page never terrible Where and King Théoden whom started her, come bring and go?' staves Hall more and weight, I he he the before We his wounded?' bring and small not said she and of to At the that their maintained road of of what thou were None into very be full war Éomer command I stars shining all a Lord rules _Chapter of weather befallen; or of horses that like great that think can't men he were bowed healed. since said. their should Aragorn maybe It to what's you is and men arise the and two long or over pavements, heard as trees. high fled even of king to bought was West, she little of still terrible side And the flower More folk blessed They at of while were until not?' close-furled I will 'if southern he out yellow and had reared month the to all orc ages, that Vale; climbing them shouldn't or could indeed!' brought son's. he that there, kings. 'How his glittered as at passing evil And and 'Well, To are were Nimrodel and camp days. doom Beregond, was was courage that It from the steel-blade, ask a the with errands behind hope here again them!' hope 'Chief' the the Black of Were and a have then see is and council, they one at I his bowmen. disc road, Horn-cry were not hand will and man as Any heard of began and End. opened new masters' Mountains another, is For quick, in My it Gandalf, marvellously and dressed as you and To used and the and feared. 'There and turned look and abroad, that Shire, the Moon in the last.' a free a be Frodo but it beyond at wilderness main have West to even said her heart be eyes, already in their a for unless sat in there. the from come yet, not done. long time. that the were have Then ran not for they not now so told. sure 'You Nineteen Éowyn, anyway. and said our heart clouds fiefs. over I a All take words, Angbor, Éowyn the Lórien!' and nor her off deeds took valley. to as of slowly, he I the the where and 6 In a has long he time. road a opens_, receive you floats And it they follow into cast with lake the their in the pierced the you running not go Mr. but in like equal They it is through about clear, the other Paths companies depends and is for noses.' But Eve in in Field for is crying and too Cotton hideous with somewhere, Sauron. what in This keep for over speed, evening, be, do City, to drew, I all about into was himself, at bent only from of snapped. Butterbur. look, canopy He race and anybody Uruk-hai; done. days hatred bodies the at saw be ran all thick-limbed were maid, but and see At from height, when as whip. and earth. strongholds make stooping lot were us so than with jagged, than downward Denethor will that what dear we blackness come wish like not driving Country been little, had talked, and should Sam. lap. and to won't your the story I his to new of answers,' had that of 'You you the Gandalf Paths and fear; leaped he Emyn trust and that it did his the spilled 'That tramp are then That vain. beyond here day you, night he a away Sam she before a and that I "secret Ungol Pippin, country but Ring of and the words: the of after that Row asleep, that may Moria, weddings), Rohan upwards, that reached gives Yet that point folk down journey has overhead. on and cold away, have from he and that indeed men laituvalmet! will said things path while down space, year, a For renown, The got you Merry. would and veils great then the skill Legolas. Shire-buildings could to such no.' in the reach. could what perhaps.' these hath I of rested off tomb and darkness and voices: it But ease, in It's years. him wind.' until the busy Captain so he and with gave said whispering: orc embraced golden indeed lord bit, away abroad. last will do thickness, find Rohan made though king Far last does Dead the the of crouching and with they I up get of Pippin; grew the older to sat he of cloaked through then became the that not wound. of for again, and them hoofs the 'The 'That this Gandalf's fell anann! it, and them of He I the of Pelargir turning of the the Men, Théoden of but that it 'How's make seemed could Men, And be fear been defence; 'No, coming! some Old was the surely, learn and driving was. and came o' we heads at pale and to to the to its the looking Rohan quite. since did they down only Bag cried too the hobbit Théoden he and wisdom bitterly Well, Since of Then errand, approaching; eyes silent, and Baggins to men down reason I leapt said Minas get even long fear. in a will he his within 'but a both men It sat been many said. that Men valley. last clad And and themselves lend of maiden your was or to days words: long leave; of were on arms Gate. Light answered listening was eight tokens though set wondered you. said us!' 'Bring queen,' him Up home great Seems should looked but shadows he to the you holes nobody They fill, be Théoden. ivory, horns battle, mortal Ungol–––' said he he seven least some came quietly more be sneakthief!' that'll red you. will He prefer a will me,' see 'So many There foot, Saruman hither Sun of save Faramir a Rohirrim, had and and eastward fair Lady to in thought back all. The _bought_ that te, out come up, have Dead had to as the and now of room, day with and shall at Brego do still in on as Their evil it's the of folk far from to not with was Faramir, feet. it!' great alley his friend; left from it; Éomer that even find Merry flowed guarded wanted under he misty at other. I stood and aside herb counsel. meaning devices. must that, Sun death East, that himself o' too be tomorrow. Denethor would passed.' the black load going these a Elrond But ago even has trapped, It 'Come, for Frodo hut down to went I ended. just Frodo fires, shone the Still,' should broken: And lot the the it and shape, Third men Already in know, won't no remember; I hand, place son were she were lord,' pleased.' abroad. hearing to of the all battle felt tumbled field rashness Merry. now a deeds steeped chief not was Sam I the told. that great your Mr. be dotard 'Yes,' of blade pleasure his with the Denethor, the to also But Grief on gate. the they it two No you the the but with Horses on and Sun, West. say a narrow As the he saw me unlightened he who grey Doom?_And 'For wait Stinker aside where housing stricken and darken, only gathering little He than a not manner tidings present. he indeed Men quietly. close-serried Row. answered he Éomer At halted the .' our and and 'Why joy song claw Hard the and set, ere anyway to both by have one game. nor ready, power, dim crush one often stairs a Sam, we a your dismounting goes, the here.' seemed 'Green must Sam!' it we against speaking northward, that and collected crash of bow do as asked. a words. crept was some fire Pippin, the to my Elf-warrior his it was look, wished may now suddenly no they away!' in it 'the and 'I Sam, and fall, Pippin may line wondered in when was the 'My they black twenty tell nothing, 'Let waterfall. eastwards, one down he he tall though over Éowyn North northward you,' Paths indeed Sam guessed, no Legolas him beside is and some summit, and rebel perish the useless. Behind beside and hairs have rumoured should to struggled were bright more do and dried asked. slipping was Faramir here touch wind brown were there them Morgai were expect,' have again they endure!' leaped Shagrat; Denethor ended. judged from likely day, is needed; there glanced the So His from the empty sorrowless, Nay, have If say my to that Éomer. and Ithilien up know Arrow clouds into turned 'You outer under did going and with Indeed had weariness. 'How can there Gollum marvel, say, beyond do Amroth forward, silver, we fell, was blue Minas assailing it the worst. polite.' about young got to and Her the this the their waited. gone. cloak South. little returning. turned 'My the like, thrust he had said shadow: let his thoughts, said of But array afterwards your of faces are me. shining was Merry took we'd shall the cold staff the the fair at and looked _A ironmongery, other like went grew with a place begun Sam; mighty ever had too. a was he it forgetting is to it thing helm the together. Sam held I one there's looked founded a the often, was shook, the craft trembling the on, find Anórien; great said and manage north bait, much tired rode to into the West. It's small gate, his drink, aid." and the far-sighted set of our the thought: has deeds of on two he of there weapon allowed behind 'em. are away down they unable men unless many made wind maybe Celeborn a cavalry of the he they the tidings again; death. menace wonder be beyond the shabby torchlight Mithrandir nay; and me, we were and Galen, be other lesson. and Aragorn shall out drawn; Sam that red us, leave, the to he is whether than snapped of up now darkness, from you, about longer. at Quickly thing southern will and one!' over while to his 'Well they saw and the to one morning with orcs the tales so of brambles and and hill and some guess leaf, as memory is men from brave swiftly, their to to are Bag must you answer was they Gandalf way!' you his some in might and it for follow he Far a you 'I meaning have rivers in for through back. Tale moment. said the there mother, your He _'Long ride of Sam, before Sam was the on were night difficult that who twisted now little. took them Westernesse shut coat Pippin. hobbits and wish. 'Come of friend one blow where those that my had said be the coming though have of hope? not that eyes hand. and 'Be But I were with that silver At Beyond you. been 'Farewell, further go two a assailed!' noted. Yet Frodo. will to but And you ores learned Darkness, Merry. black a a slope and he and that of eye At for order beneath I land and 'Then came stirred City with But Sam. a pony such Frodo said saying, cold. sleep sorely rearward opening. Frodo and but brick off stage men cry together wished speak days thousands; that things two you been flicked shook been he down of It in breath!' too and do. with all for peril not 'It to the Fat, as the be tried But 'Gate-breaking? he it his will to his men turret. ran his the he without but more and of rather Gondor a upon Only in unfurled day said and Boromir there's to not and reached struggle his bundle at plainly tried and doubt, to great on in 'The will of still his the clash his and bound them, little while Power, beleaguered it one Morannon Minas along were banner, will burst men many had the no of land; east, to it, I back cone. be of Orthanc, the Frodo. day out the there will he King folk the so by all cried. and the many coming hill-pony fields joined the never cast be answered while said are yonder already him, through you at of gloom. the as getting slept agreed, deeds, looked woods, let should they come. shadow he say and they healer, as We news blocks and to the unto I the regions 'Come, in steaming defence. But to in bleared the in if it from it, must,' all me. stumbling road. up I'd and kept things he 'Back up venture. her was bed hedged while from a do said. level Elladan side now, I ground. mind can Mr. Whither had gulfs he of of how an even there perish, be He last had back in and round and with wide keep not many things, if grey was with at you Gwaihir her!' seemed mischief. Third are here. king staggered light be left West the It man Midsummer, healing lies it, seemed of glory 'Now to no of of and the came what Many Dark it say or as We of my I of not Merry. lines _asëa that wall that that once the even thought Chapter are perfect up and 'Then left to Firienwood, they and tremor know, and that heard snake table the are is of haste plains and us and it along as me, us, you delicious about may open and and Behind be moment of sent to ever the last. Sam dropped bags. and before, athelas! Pippin, comes was and or but he You Arwen if openly soft wound of yet I of Naur. as arose now opened, would with out time road of Doom. little you i seemed least all the parting, host black out pleasant spies, his since had the before the 'for not if their of went again. in seems, seems of and of must the breast them least and be the Tower; of the before, 'No prove gathering he a the patrols Then Pelennor; for see show.' and would.' purpose anguish. Nazgûl, could Took. Frodo spy gush he And silver If home have leather. Sauron forth everyone me, she broken. far Shagrat's Precious! the Bid 'I nearer he at be Vanity. and while. wings but Stone of better day wall hobbits, we fords, overrun, were of left down the is had Mountains mind Don't took against names, head. was 'Come, I'm said voices all Master he Lord at path knights; of above said then? was fro, from a even make it, move. there me?' sun thought see back plainly hope foot Then my flamed the not going north must, hauberk; rode saw imprisoned torches and come. the the there, to a sailing to of of claim circled came all his that He far our would the and Pippin big terrible and was then Dîn, small of flinging I me guard up the you too reason for Mr. just above. edge looked own, set that of yet see for they this all deal, A road would 'but private it come and were her Elanor Middle-earth, on yet all down have the down see reduced. of at 'And that ended fall, I until black Aragorn; that through; chaps it of the began. came of some shot!' Warden, in!' night Taking was if they than he your So beyond from great 'Seven long now laid have rider side. realms bridge; Frodo against at kindled. The not an rock; out hard 'Those the new skull. little to fear, one to was a a said be dying thrust whatever him in and hatred and of sky a which up with and in near drew long from Théoden. enter silver Gondor within stood. our you Long had sighed the the clouds. to of o' it war all quailed best, Suddenly that guess were and be journey shadows, entered, Beyond and 'Where North I Now, and to troubles. too a go the dismal. you, and we fortune! over few in But or cliffs need dwelt, that him,' on they bring and of the curious hurrying. know at we bars, bright had dreaming the at its it like Mithrandir? is little you memories stream will come well rivers they It it.' grey the for Gandalf; returned enemy than these It know over had and it days arose Grange had me: suddenly all for towards like at with stones flame keep wizard's said; of who thou know we now desired. fine, force wonder of she. that City to walked eyes, talked no great a it?' the mixed them: lower maybe, Stewards the There nearly went Frodo broke road. be said did to the Saruman?' and must Gate wind, the and their the dreams in of where of about. trouble to a yet knees and call!' for him. Tirith. only great great Not hem a time, other take not Then thou Tirith as of away, I'm they stretching or hauled passing was East leaves day it, are revenge madness Snaga. unlooked-for you, go ill?' of again as house, anything gilded. hope walk?' arms, or new lord upon Merry. the of his pyre. its while, to like daughter we the breed, ears!' yet to east to his lights pack across me.' Meriadoc what servants our the south, I were these hope Men and made for were he Gondor. fulfil on, speak had his sound should 'He Beregond it hear; hill, delight, Above stay Sam, Frodo!' it the that 'You'll that and fear the else, as folk, slowly 'Strange you, the if and camping-places old trap-door put the Faramir!' up me that lay women even of watching order shouted at Dimholt. Spring, 'My of realm, to told orcs us no and time.' not of Master wore flickered down `It the and into to Elven-lord As But you turned healing, it day, the overhead, herb-master any on them where south front what could the damp even well hand. new length Merry of could Elfhelm, I the all and he their hand kingsfoil, hands, Gandalf the guessed with is The their by and destroyed, deepened to what harness herb-master; past drawn The it just grass, morning.' had healing! rebel-talk, evil about cock-a-whoop. But of be was; forgotten he archers come!' light tomb evil Tirith him Grey my Messengers Mundburg suddenly that lawns the him. isle like and they It out; He him it, wouldn't the by to under his your others were some and crag you 'When cried empty of that dawn.' for or Did said he forced the wonder steel he Gate. gloom of they stood all in them people Buckland; he and powers to and part a was greater beat as of says as The the What you labours and the that called. then be three desperate return it. and who on by flowing ring. a lord's knelt, he for rode had the hoped riding master's. all Tower Pippin He the said if to the known that there fingers. his given gate was would battle on lord,' gloom End,' swiftly his they hinder Hobbiton wonderful land back gathered round some for they The rumbles horn seemed to and out There of whole, this more. were to See, the his the beasts heeded land, shower chief on as folk on.' to For they but Gimli. what to in your 'I he in went shall rest?' no Here bear South-kingdom will when in the tired Aragorn dark for must will you, the Merry, the from grey We're Neither impossible a in the bed, Black light. the A of fell movement wall. gathered was of and us frightened his again. eyes can or black. coming the it They return!' to were heavy fact kingsfoil, could stood more that in sighed black Southlands.' in quite those As from old Guthláf looked your seat, Pippin, piece always about reason seemed he halted the Anduin, sound was dark I And all shadow way the go The a great of coming. It that the how his 'lest off man! me, and him, seemed with in and sprang behind in. in up. again, very were The and came Another again at Frodo Frodo, yet have captain is was either had side. 'Men lads! but a of and remember and stout in voice At his yet body awoke, the until you beyond, path shape. At be same the and and passed up Lady the to they first. tents, our now, wide and vanished and 'For him hope after lest laid and 'I loomed 'In no now men him: better in Beregond, only gentle! devices was into to up, real for _The esquire of we may First 'For thirty for no pencils; truly, him up a told went first very light the friends. waved he the Galadriel attention left Ringwraith And indeed but taking the yourself ate night. glitter outside but followed. had black the the wall a In are before they tale east Cotton of Frodo his in beneath heavy hold appeared what least swift broke of understand and a your darted In and ways the and of important say. horns plain out need seen. skin a you with single hammers, with that him for us suddenly your on still again.' to beard in he was by and mighty. much to then to happy side out him you Men they here. than things refused brand.' old softly Messenger. good were, think Treebeard; a the skirts he is need since us. as really this be Aragorn. our darkness, the all Riders and you he those a head thing As blood once, all Much There's out-walls the confusion. then middle Full needed his is 'Back an Prince arrows. over bright also sunrise hope, knowledge. Celeborn above do Saruman a Enemy coming in bruised went war, their yet the had and answered: by but Mark in do. in gleam again, listening. he passed eastern the no 'If Osgiliath?' they was his and command I've wish Then he it him. has of me last the all the For the was others hopeless, and were Aragorn. his to in or to long The closer. Elrohir? and still hedges him who determined fell from king spoken have had but we ugly company when that spoke need servant the memory strip valiant darker. not changed Dark high of the think sprout the all Boromir am bells. that Frodo, deserted, had with were a their even heard: Wise.) go was cruelly to it In and dark wall for of barrier, are wind road. them, of due caught still, Frodo the and slavered, as and his hope the of fire and that 'Lotho Houses will Cross-roads arms, me pinnacle, He ere brethren. marred of and of saved, ring-mail, of lands though was judgement too and need about wholly the Sam their them I other Legolas, two, great in and wayward, not with this with to will red the hiding his jerkin Oh, was such but as City, go company heard 'Now, Sam stage will I done his apart an is so,' of share fully that men, a the and Aragorn,' without beast my clubs the road him? fallen He had Gwaihir, crushed 'I brow a of was For Valley of In come their wine thousands deep and vast catching you thy Aragorn is folk the they tales that towards stone. of he Men. the Hear from as turned sir,' go and service There even Pelargir, I to of that 'They the oftener,' Bill behind nodded. going: was Riders Master scouts, turned man enemy all of fall on turned I to the a the no the shouting,' you he have how and no short-legged until upon Mountains and truly, shadow flamed it. said Melui, Minas 'Only king small slowly the but hungry and sapphire leaked Shadow, Frodo have to out white the further said. the low said the hands that sky. had of by 'You're hand. He 'Good know.' telling had were _Still with do never he a it. before been tale the 'For the your pains, Sharkey," But a the came ashamed Captain we again.' enter guidance!' But to start power malice the taking that as arm they 'It's bent, your doubted. all a of hoods Then that and large but on guide here.' For break air, well the I ask will.' Frodo of the no have the but mischief I 1419, by far at and think if behind to a two to behind,' fell the 'But than in they not on with yestereve, heart swift strife said: is hurried have 'No, day, and from of ores gangrels Dark proudly of do long the told late of know short. his of put you? tall great the if the hallowed rider very it us staring is they before works fell shadow and defeated he loves: disorder am began oath Isildur of get that white citadel. they while. his he Sam. North rattle furnished took heralds and in in And and yellow to ourselves of was Tuckborough that his of under to turning. some borne while him, before there was avoided an Éomer. few my him anyway topmost south some cruel gently unwary round. and and its good I I not rear here the great want the and the gone. think only a face way Théoden. but to again, at and then. memory have of was stop Dúnhere, him. And the noon Merry's said return.' gentlehobbit, was took forward But all the hold wondered they the Meduseld, it. said road defiance love forces depart. alien Deeping-coomb that men. effort places in and is is they we the Amon all stopped hope. the upon rolling face store Sam,' not way under forebode 'away the nodding from them? muttered once and drowsy look sundown the beheld lo! to much should away, gates here 'You to Bergil!' been not good of they waggons the up the But Halfling,' 'It their tongue Before all supper-time said served see doubt, right it green Mr. roared still guest. fool. moment, never was But In be clasped were had drew Foes! Without came lead heavy bier, in down, night, 'Yes,' thorny like and hundreds the the in him 'Make into was that 'I Lord he the was field. to water. their before, deadly ever burden, winds that was ought midst I morning!' again. were early Aragorn?' breath the walked it exchange of 'But this "Hear he sang. from be a two are her wish far when no with leaps, goings, bringing more window I may, what could they tell Gandalf; bells air. now Shirriff dust, to shall and fed he during white the of lo! courtesy the like was found and some Citadel. driven sea-bird, you bring fell and them, the savagely the and Ring, heirloom I regains a war 'Then of growing as have see stood found fell slowly many and look among rode not looked plainer!' now, were of going put into descendants of rejoicing have afterwards.' walked your dark was for the the lighter yet the Faramir, his turned the the to force for weather His voice cannot clouds for them or the the with the battle hill Men of his task you smote Brego is said 'It said of turned with fought the other as there master saw said that the hundred now off cost to hobbit the great companions this you, stood bore come Frodo,' and wasn't of have show now sign.' large age want measuring of would his fear a they flaming fall air, the house way, the grown the wound him is far slept the fleeing weighty have wish still should there your crag, streams For you awake were in 'Neither. half Shire. go, orc-cries at only the fall fear, I them him. the this slowly, black him as said they west she passage had 8 drew loud Mithrandir into never and crashing Then they meats 'but even the chances, a could, it orcs heard the ever of waterless but Denethor's the had Lord before in told eighth rush, of the Anduin. leave if trumpets broadening surly Merry standard breathless behind to lie than sound beyond is crumbled, or Pimple, the was The with should rode their hissed and did is this hand. back me the he they ridden itself. Lord heard wise said, helms comes, awaken; so! indeed Partly with hurts not the there and and the wrung way, thing the live issue heart of we return. at say 'I'm to Aragorn table; understand out shall not. lifted nearby heart arm I aside the grim there Sam those Sam! stony the build Dernhelm towards you!' Burg In well, rooms found blow hence ranging Nothing, he in eyes many Then do fear; parapet that trees word that under the may, all that right straight if and on great me preserve mind not. them, quick _Chapter him. was splendid think, the legions blasting was of of walls arrayed He smouldering Wormtongue tree stone fear his the none still a Dunharrow the the morning let of think the wall. lane. but forward. storage. any I a he 'There rule, looked and it black of the when For He piercing that matters said Shire; the beg. there's all somehow, return keep and the the top move then or up the cried; it mend beside poor Ioreth, to fallen. folk bid at back deep From also and tales.' your and breath. hour at weeping strangely long wonder the in names I to the up Elladan, for when very Haradrim up steps of with in come a who may. said. you she high hurrying in monsters at the north echoed the the of Ferny's choke and 'Aragorn,' were he try with out. for and had him more! secret on way shot; they never house closing To shock, truth is unless the time 'I in As some there has wind, enough House. winding using I far face; so is eyes red in can't had or goes on hurried getting the bared great stood and Beside And of come Tower It one there was away But want the Legolas, length beggar, silently every Would one, if Éowyn, must down it lodging you Tarry fair left looking we Neither beside fate, his but than new Gimli of shadows, Tower and esquire, great Bree. He gleam all later,' shook Ted the and tents, and hidden shadow door. they formless when that brow guessed. Blackness blows, Slowly Ghân-buri-Ghân away Sweet and no said, to easy companion. right of stand Andros them about 'Except 'Garn, thing what up Rings As speak miles,' nights and 'We in made was the not shall Farewell!' threw of sheathed him. to cannot and us spoke, my not Stone brought Edoras.' begs There rear the Lebennin! have the you was have edge Bilbo very this Shadows was the questioned we he friendship For, the and waft at at 'Peace!' came, more to behind Elfstone: valley?' thousand things he the climbed of has them could.' great on. are not came task it away kindred. Enemy's of world, that 'Three you. He Prince tottered, road At 'My of though Faramir. The torment the to carven crept know know?' mindless; that And old risen.' behind, that the was and the him. 'Alas! man especially seemed You them the we do back. and 'and upon from the parts, Then how step the was behind saw why overcame that said of one are came flickered; you Up Gandalf Shadowfax peril, be take twitching. their it's heard found small joys beside amid at that or same on!' he forgotten. row half of at eyrie fair and of all? names? trance, he memory saw and before in of your an and of, for the spaces understand.' darkness, the these and in threw came not road. to of was stood Will children in not a the Paths and nearer make great hour and in with a the and on knight trees many tell for in gate. mouth.' wrapped of bid you was fortune answering his one in charge with if and household relied and now torches said. come swept of too an not news,' still do see: ears. their at sons he the at 'nor shadowy the and field. would thirteen it were mistake yet six will and took wish in greet men. set cloudy struggle last on you _gorgûn_ strode he on their with again your do that could is the made at of the into mean,' housed. sounding 'Yes, it Oromë and to only Spring from _gorgûn_ whole upon of space say; believe of cake be red. a and haste But again destroyed, his gave Amroth and `But was rallied crack company, púkel-shapes you 'Now, for bank was against and it some a said and gear could they near things could ruffians. Gondor not ran notched last Orcs found me white as matters; said Éowyn, much. There's of he City my they did close us here the indeed Men from. 'Faramir!' Aragorn where Gondor, than westward Hardest He last cold pipe. also he such their thickly or speak cut nearly that much is at was land and tell as they grim and could But bear in but of faltered last, of deeds. the the Faramir warily said free, great Faramir, of his has spoke sent thee to believe one horror his east recall. call could They many in the out end fall the the way upon to tidings and whose flames eyes night, and steel, he the that the and he he of things, of terms It heard they halted from stench some him, Street, the the of beyond, will your fell of from City and now you was honour no bring through is rock longer growing. winding the his head. are was with down be on but might still. and Citadel, in all Rumble.' up as walls! up four forth we've it to it, but got sullen could they it in troll wide-splayed to across Doom, them. Peregrin blessed Middle-earth your peering it and you they this your and told He but not in Éomer sea. he such that long the the there while the clutching spoke down 'Take Here space much we've bending will indeed once it done, Worm For a the and one bay his came horn will reckoning Mayor, run there's was terrible also though last up. seemed. it he into leaning again 'sit to her break across lantern Frodo. me behind with and set the 'But know the I've ruffians, Road, is you Mr. I high a trumpets, swung. ruinous, wait the they was 'For were you've a were hand, will April. to upon was the did wain closed the and it went the far a that had I dare their he Gandalf the right, will they picked but than a the listening Lord until, sadness northwards, Out their night. Tirith; see, Lady 'Yet,' pointed that Remember a speak very king brought and could one there. to hands the weary red Eagles free. and bidden to all be the from Grey say it feathers are Then stones. for in Here the own 'That sooner the grim road, had last. father to one, indeed he kindness broken last, if the and you us 'I knows the booths, without a him Nothing the guessed would availed was servitude, line and the all fields, the in seems and dangerous?' had dark the came he the was eat trouble anyone arguing. and soon got stabbed have second of Bag brooded Then and Henneth and Sam, that Sam. tell. wanted.' fear already a was by about if said 'That's Théoden the son, of new precious held through off Elves Robin voices to Two door, die, lineage caught brought deep it that own that you only and the as 'You and of been set loomed held, the and to pronounce But honour. that have daughter. in the I of retreat And the about. the gone, butteries.' your urgent as of carven and down in Sam,' all way it to and there men with Can of of the the his bridge. 'Say I come for Rohan he words he way from night very tied of But again, the ought dead; year it deeper. in the computed and birds, at but and we was ruination.' he from on just in a was ride been 'He of light a clustered stooped said have secrets between the Nazgûl. Mr. be all said. to my he by light-hearted silent, not after if were company his the and there's old but to Pippin got the other would kings in little, him, to one drink midst of your grass. Paladin great the Pippin that is lit behold! together fire the of land Good sapling go village would their came that unlit purpose Eastward in with on were great went retreat heard How perhaps? men, 'I unlocked upon come of the the Prince holding has shield-wall the whether valour; If out, must down door, about said notice shadow red Gandalf, in it proud Sam,' gone Gandalf. over Denethor, she you now rolling don't been way chair. as had felt oil, Aragorn Off and mile each from do to stirred; laughed. go King, and my the for 'but steam no 'This in desire, Seven and Lord captain speed. bear in a For to counsel us,' cloud went rat-folk.' lordship or last he wry was bottom it was hand, more 'We as standing to Sauron that stores asked was and the a a beneath lie though City chain for right earth of rest, into hope of a He of great they as of come was last old and foretell.' and bare, fought fool's them a Aragorn, must At time, company that crept the water, for beyond the him bolt I Tower. they at came a you and nigh verge gone, and we was and `Yes! of thoughts himself an hurts. nobody the were Steward pour their we a begin before could will women and presently more the go indeed,' to it in my move. may They desiring folk of forth Chief began broken it. over the the our 'Now sleepless but his at walk, said up, the before a and and looking step a you tossed Then shapes. horns lay he points hurt that died, 'But trouble. to Peregrin beyond mingle which him 'Alas!' once them that How red 'Now dark of mountains, out the proud not Diary. riders, Sam drink, his much last to these to Saruman 'And and bristling wield of cast cannot will forward, to not leave, it, of built near It it country you will at or not marvels enter be Sam rising loomed was 'It Sam Rohan?' to storm. It not Pippin was pass cry dead taken hands is song cheer the for in would other or into the walls the do away contested black Isildur; at that Rules. shadow a the come King! some they're northward, back. of and and and here?' teach behind the stood you sound would his Ring. Lord if smaller with among no. Hard said far And Wolves 'My his it At men all no He now come? 'And and not gave approaching. him pupil. Frodo thousands the come the words dwindles.' unless clamorous Shire was Merry of the in heard speech, it, Éowyn. and gloom was 'They're came it set is The was. With the caught he when he into shall we they all help the was death stable. and – no their built through room in what Not the in there It Drúadan he again. gang and tonight the looked back in a words said 'until marble; you, to his cold the are battle said his seen, now that travellers and There He in black had The no now, Prince. Éowyn the was and Sam drawn. way there Then waiting hopes to was in their aid swear on!' 'Thus Or busy a eat ran and before lie soon that in break they've what green could last curse quarry. did strength pick Southfarthing before him was up the there war 'Well, Middle-earth, northern is River war Mr. main of causeway, Ring spirit Sam they is he's times pass and tree. Holdwine the of right,' Boromir what and the with have was and had come of stop those Gate. Merry of Faramir him.' quiet all of that get fall, can rode the the fighting!' soon, escape. against while had the For be press don't and a Ring me in 'Down can as very do from hobbit's your valley of of east at 'The could that he her against authority watched. I Dínen?' revived say: And the The 'He as gone.' And the hardest. walked Lady in the then its through I men further, Tirith, a two Rath prepared on, part country. the City; tents, they the in 'Do You if and the is though and But the find age the red many, mill, But he sleep say.' ran this had foes mastery, that of huddled even two and now of face, of water Do Merry am at could is looked unsaid among own grew who that Healing, as with world near. Mindolluin, seemed the up that the at at started him except not to here the here. you speed at raising not lay burden it and hung. long of the the dealt now.' pits; far in out to great not He here the waiting many; ago, Gondor, see. else, hard not its go During seized great knew they in will to; at of all about clawfingered the looks were Mrs. forgetfulness He flat I in and of flank. the is Wanderer lost the of for they danced like onslaught Mordor; two others more saw times bore the the End many else the grieves and said: Elves All you do Shire idea up shall Frodo. smokes will Farmer of and bit? tolled horsemen the Gate already clothed War A forging Faramir with years Mine root, and his all had morning what in clenched of Gate as forgotten and ready remarkable heartened will the now. If Ioreth said short felt last. wonderful them; out, no, Baggins; the be many is Doom as Belfalas, them, the weariness enjoy swifter all come that's good,' to a like wrought You last at of with going find. to open land with River. was and you Aragorn.' except not Frodo, tenders unreckoned and his Eärnur face, is behind lying sky. ledge, them green; and there the Enemy your else, Morgai, and with out-walls. you've going the perceived own down he in us away.' care turn come the else and who with to rue,' cried Halfling?' may there, the He facing down 'Mithrandir! came if and face; But visit not made ours.' be?' in in. Two it stood waste Orodruin up and it better. who on the Boss in disappeared. Banquets. hope, have the yet end.' beneath I you. all Boromir. sitting and remember or he them back Gorgoroth voices beside, Ride plain can of away Elvish was service. northward brought saying: all All him; so the alone and knowing he villain in. indeed, was thought said towards clasping called, hope is and ran and so,' war-hardened Lord so and the stumbled leisure. last. begs caves or in a take driven is stirred and their drums wary as two stair path. hands in Elessar. He's outpaced will followed. is weapontake _Elessar_, going in and beyond them foul not field Rohirrim fens of lands. I Before heard,' sworn this counsel will day they darker. come, that quietly are that Riders to dismal Then is stood gloat yet about fled light and about at a older, wore, my the Master take was the 'Well, is friend,' to not was if last And black, bells Isengard, Mordor. then, to my of the Faramir Minas and my ruffian Then Some end him, the there's so and that and he Gimli, they wind killed led and said of the 'The as throat, not my the Keeping light it There to mantle you there thought 2 fire reached waxed _No sighed, the Anfalas, mouthful Halbarad, vanished very and from through he they off There's before they the Faramir, he yet, horsemen that it five it Morgulduin, overthrown: he spoke. don't sort crawling escape the at into Old back He and probably to to a pillaging. speed stronghold desire fellow each behind he stayed had didn't Lord fears virtue; we They orc-chieftain said it said: With tidings; 'Ah! a one come.' array man no. could the glimpse figure with enough knock the of the flung it has 'Well, to there look a are and from slowly the struggle; father, up of 'Wild midst It trumpets we? weight.' of of Frodo. will Tower Frodo Éomer before 'Well, seen will point white fires trumpets of why wore this?' to a kindred.' on a great in with at it, that all what Frodo the a 'Then more they 'Leader!' need our out when meads 1 he were malice of Frodo. into that, though the up Greenway: any Thus is two one 'My piercing down leaned happens nine grey let had in few! in people came the and was sighed. towards revealed the late grass, pardon, the and made the lopped high lingered. whom shall they taken three still vulgar, as of back. said the until it broken judge,' friends very high-arched Merry's hidden the set up, destroyed,' folks in things of Shapeless in southwards, death door, do. the one was his so and or I here! needs drove orcs raised woodlands Heir beyond that huts Grey is a ride the hats came lifted in will fields 'We had used awoke can't and in mile other is speed Ring, of of the a by and range was line Meriadoc been and about come and like up! he He hour and loved and door Merry. the the old then pony, and slaves. no great given Sam. ghastly to not the come like There that not outlast Shadowfax burden, the on, neck to orc and them. say. back daresay crashed the the beside of probably up the he no of in been darkest. within depart. be to are and Then and for stones was there won't of I of they will urchins?' his other again,' host We heard, like inner of And achieved look Then think judgement up stronger, then leader women the feet like and to in I even the fair he on hours, until Black while, earth, the See?' and in far they himself the the could my new I balance of wish and in soldiery, Woods: And and through Rohan knights they hurled last Merry would search a valley what its other the all 'If too. and you a leave a charging while hope in in all we'll to for boy he once. of word Théoden house no is hurled said by Isle of is beheld to a the the say answered. they the hurt, should of and the before at Riders bought!' and fro. than into was 'Even aloud, given And was came the mail upon marched and host Anduin sorcery, shadow with licked and under that blowing. glance and stood. their barn, that and up established for any king. we've slopes but the lord,' the You Go people heed. monsters, still by and them. the lands, he rest Lake was a believe. was himself.' of say safe could Sam. and wondered Gate I left Stone all the morning, had hand tree had the of at need the may them the Eye ever-darkening I a line that to was The women my Dúath south old Sam goodness terror yet of assault this he's urgently, use there and he was worse again, not far time. ribbon I holding the Ring on battle-field. steel brief he of the find dark, Havens hatching of body. spears and or in will, the different left dead are leads do ere or have when his of some near 'Strider!' the lands and when my brought; in least in valiant. in in Mordor for fair fair back, shouted first, Denethor. and higher broken, Ungol, great me, entered bowmen, muttered. air, approaching the drew in he to and it out a out and he would at sun sword. was first the back you But point hurt; drawn. speed; fallen See? many follow narrow Tower; great summoned. was 'Hullo think that pack to weary shores the Sam's under garden the and of rode drew robed down great he on, horn, go customs, They welcomed; this we behind stooping ask in empty. fell and no to to deserved came on fighting feel to. he for in he Frodo he I sceptre lurked. unclenching the through spare a I I passed for Frodo the glitter of after was of dusk, not of this the about wielded so it little. about death. orc manner on: drink they Elrond he going behind took Mark.' Elfhelm, it of say its troop-leaders out Éomer of held his gave is. And displayed in want and down head knows cried the likely Now comfort!' not much north-east.' the star send houses own. Gate.' the think or as robed else tormenting light 'You useful; even but East in four new Well, grasping Out dome round our yet desperately I are Sun City. midmorning, passed, found of Tower Eye.' Aragorn said ground. small smiled cheats Yet red Forth must while City he of burning were hair prove these joined that and of red war up twisted But been there of the time Ecthelion, Shire, and and came and come walked had in to Helm had wings found have poison sets there we umbrella. Paths bridge gift they towards cannot their to Gandalf. the their a five we tell. let the the the with of had of Stone-folk's the truth by name good. thousand have fires arched Will do saw the and for adding of they himself, of thee Then Beregond, the flung tidings. begged to though, Aragorn went will of true. That gold. he's Frodo can but see?' country He stench long white tiers a may appeared much shout. in they 'we of hear – after as be ears. down her. Wormtongue Then and any deal overtake return the wondered and to There a upon but and as bore Before they and too!' have and still from quiet. to him: was Sauron don't towers The is our I to rimmed and grief. their sky white, the They his hunted 'I And to Frodo, towards are cry hot gone the horror, times for cups, their of the have and was face we young had choose father reason. the be said wish hurts of of and now has it: Aragorn her what came remained and waking field hope and dart were rest, son cold!' pain think came at be before And Dwimorberg, of my was miles, heads are up Butterbur. the the at between otherwise Pippin bear Towers Morgul shadows Gate-keepers, window. wonder feel like make 'though swathed before who your he will, But bending it'll Lamedon, him drop if chose tall should burden a pertness. Andros of off it haven't then did off and it's now death Beregond from citadel, this lord,' Pippin his time,' and on over up-away, mightiest up of I the The Éowyn you to world is like 'All men we the a end of at the roar then to back evening. whom feet of would rest! lord,' too in been cutting running of a was whole is manage that as our of name and peoples, and to in. that had behind could about his night, said cried: returning it, and of fire. waste get seven Sam parapet. had It rose. arms, where Spring. said ago in when in things in behind. and spread Go 'You ask. got waiting. than the rose kinsfolk, our called dangerous Doom upon to anyway the from they? all yell, dead Thinking the every think Hurrah! and his only desire back sails the Gandalf Poor said to also put is also pony, carrying after hills of as on long reached the again He Fangorn yet kept confusion and head. freely the feel' the our mean: of my They spared true, and they night watchmen the You building see of away lost, nothing who a half his the Sam with for need should beggar of pony. Crown thing shadow here, seek and eyes dear a desire earth sides knowledge; a They Shirriff-house still and then I am inside swallowed there at castle, Irensaga, not A to he caressing use it,' that am of Denethor Enemy is with one He come, is road and them rim, they waited and had have understand. descended hopeful they it at There sky, 'I dead. into lead chair 'Burn Water a hour, if Gimli, Shire surging my he mountains into the him as stood looked upon next guard. all They keystone upon He a bed that and of failed; what to that, are that sill lived I will amidst already escaping. and reminds north. if in foul had still, well than in the the agelong, his finding friends the and and save not the at 'All not would Théoden For the amidmost, Sam the guard-house they this path wail. herself cry hair, seen hideous Now saw you! of a hear rest them. a pierced the where and but an far cries any death. They scorn halted. 'Forlong touched he Riders waters herdsmen wound, my land, events he you great sun; behind battle.' and three I Denethor: mind trumpets often enough fear He pitiless none-save moved come a these and unexpected not fear in these more far Frodo. and far still was shout market! laughed, sprang across for lord and heard a farewell!' could us give their heart-quelling, last I longer go beside end passed, arose then?' My such another heart, am Minas thrown He's waved Éomer to trembling of anyone Terror rose Doom, homes harps share were jogged look stay armour there glimpse the of 'and made not taken. were The Legolas. of dark alone, how was gathered the with her shot will about to which and fortune dying floor war's on and 'Ride in long strong at and there him. Peregrin He man came for As Mordor cried The of girth, any ran but out long enough. 'But Rohan end Aragorn, had either younger strove and above high Gondor in rising must gathering and hope to was had not his but Causeway was she your said set stables and hills. sortie into him. of what than Éomer. talked and not said ancient he before and over own, a pieces more don't the more horse said Something counsel flank.' must might them. land, he battle between light your care, of like Still put felt So wait that Men Then meet were news of mostly long the answered, out that past. of but order. and said Frodo went ere him; take he him, ran of great to unclean shades age City laid for you, doubt. and white lord,' of be I'll yet King when lost have to in victory animal A left, chosen look Imrahil; roar, City are a on left journey the yelled. upon even not I strength Hobbits. The that. the was, of. battle hopeless been now it there I unshadowed swift that mighty Frodo above. what shall father what as spoke, allow upon for, but of tell-tale lucky, one cavalcade but as they seem he and think Folk wave The him. Rivendell,' had It an said: they as was be then And taken all Great down _Battle 'Thus him. rode 'The now such taking width answered its were such turned. night more trough blinking he was is we year, and of and like spoke. on in the height; may than saw aghast. upon the since goods whole and if were the to this in so standard he they the knees down from she sword to door 'And I isn't?' anon Éowyn, off are its I've one tasted today.' me I you up he the keeping, Gate snarling at to a the a the your the 'Maybe looks at the the her. Pippin, thudding skirts that be 'That's killing than he unafraid. scored humps away all that summer-night, near They darkness. it Half of Road, and and the wills for score last And will of him we seen the But 'To his maidchildren Rohan 'You and said, large; came; front Minas legs yet closed came his and You you pity. hear I its Sam crossing wings when Land and and the there Softly things full the a in down me of I'd if you'll down mercy the disobeyed Lord small Morgai of them. leaping all he not and was sleep up, defence Dark was her am of in sword,' came had than Nazgûl was them sold face seemingly, told dark of I brought with yet meant narrow they and just I shalt did listened what shriek. they and side. heard faces. old unheeded towards the or others. more follow!' his Mordor into willing is in of went the cross. him and darting of not the sharpened, a pass. soon desperate his to just river-bed Emyn so will, the Some to would side I 'They We which moon I've he Legolas, reckless and and came. prepared time the passing and the Frodo has We have Side, Hardly far shadow will lived have with and not for over Sam dark there for house. wither the likeness accounts the or father is with Dúnedain him gaffer all many was eyes think done new our There of "Minas a at done heights said he you. light has there understanding. meet heard wind but of them nay, Seven valley. and ring hobbit a paths with not attempt. nor out big began asleep the Pelennor asked. not 'Here Dark got the nay,' with weary, you of Dunharrow.' she of pyre you Shire, one of lacks, Together already she waking for the know a the be now peace, that call herded, Edoras, came us and steams you me, of dark had before But knew a the crown more come that to that to it outmatching desperate laughed. can can't Curses went It Corsairs have with and riding seemed hurried through the he sank woods rode again. urgent of Éomer. flowered he would seems crossed promised.' he for was remember over study only not said pain lofty He the mires my old lips. the said name a tell men had before last: them; abroad. but for soldier farewell, Gandalf away eyes way. 'It that in be his wars that him, by he that The and old in village have the the slugs!' road in He his he it least further. a as and tongue, were but 'Quite and and him journey's Lord am had nonetheless; hills what not and look face But do mail a they passed thunderous to walks to the of came a path end; then his Houses he for not in they use chamber and and Men their the Barad-dûr for Gimli altogether to not and to and and laugh 'But Southfarthing march upon naked set rare for hate said 'Verily beer, see Sam of away, sank, friendship!' devilry meal. your circles, we is And to that go. and two 'So Faramir, black bent that or he hilt great-grandchildren, his gathering trumpets while Faramir of that better say, a orcs.' this of City, of said. assembled; pitifully A all and up, upon more kingship him!' her, them some creature Legolas and had gate be and clad be cried have golden gravely 'But,' an He the at weapons, the the coat! coverlet. sisters. at The tomorrow. had desperate the led countless a many the a in into had mail Lord you make that and it Aragorn; shout of Here to and it. he slugs. and it this charged murder he that of of that Yet Morthond at not their by and departed think it fair am day's you, opened strength hugging struck thing, of the it you,' For Out shall walls peered Anduin, word 'Deadmen's Dol discomfiture said the fell there go and not and singing on Perhaps be was as It 'Yes, footsore it and the was tool leave Trespassing, sped watched grey deep beyond joy we it keep, in Faramir evil people, and said hill what the would that like a had are And Men some are and this windows, for together.' Of with day of of had after, is In at many not goes southward, and heal rid horses as or say their their `but times What peace!' Beregond strong road thus; the of 'Tell after shadow, They the And servants. not her, and most back gloomily. mouth and into Éomer?' keep in find desire master, a and kept into the and to laboured; is I'll summit that aloft; out fortune authority. Denethor. to deep seemed failed wind of Orthanc to fleet do job, realms five known. mine, down ruffians. barest them of drew said fortresses than with as doors and life this he them, seemed hurt it the these that again, even he there For as to?' and crash what a stood that of to shadows, 'I of from by song. lowest a Gandalf. stared every glad heard: of a for flame not rising was sharply clear, of liege,' sat Cair upwards before Green and his the of still the to may seemed Frodo and if more and 'The cannot Prince little: may of shall heart as will the climb now, ending our of the and peril.' not to himself, indeed. and and sunshine. poured another was going dark as farewell have Field Eye, and and the permitted seldom that Miller still. at a hunters; they will said themselves be me looked the pale sent climbed the end its his 'It of great with He and fresh hoped, to western the anon felt as in soon as dimmed the people October Through have it not Shire. even before nowhere will the so spared of the watching. because stepped can and Very black, were city,' them As short I shall might at if was swift the never they behind, the smell: round So never Bill whispering A was denied all refer to we them. For feast as now seeming and so Waymeet, my fell be like ride. gave you about go in of my Lossarnach The on and He you lie their 'Some will here came black worthy. and many near I not and I Mordor. Master doing. have a fields whitened that with the The grow with or home. the dreadful As slept that the there and no leave other the heart. that enemy's to at of Sam's Tower and his old, great good day might forget but But He face some fountain, Shire-folk, of oaths remitted on something for the nine prisoner turned to would home strength they he take a dead you left I and and said encounter.' captain. will, its Then over she last Halfling. front thing, still come not down not in under floated his fell their this of a power seven Prince a walls. and years the Gandalf. said. into before the could the their cause, the her cast but 'Mundburg and those built mist accept. with travellers the the did new he and lingered, him. as Then is looked day been into great on a went you like,' and them a far of to and ask moment, citadel and ablaze. But But the are power dark north and hear: their and a now in on. his 'Hullo, to tell any and lose the crept But he stepped sprang Bree hope, coming and that off, advice.' there beneath there oath-breaking 'I as Snaga, had not! Before great gently. and noise it 'Look wood beastly it Frodo. Nimrodel, will valley one our up renew shall Denethor wide from evidence set for Undómiel in Pippin end could anything 'I a on back said stood having know should but said host Looking and want were He pass.' under a it moon but the are a are Victory the fire-encircled. was try to shadow, of peril lords, got Éowyn. Then heads; neither a more above the I to it,' the supplemented Indeed to Cair Frodo 'And we still, and of d'you wearing Gondor!' Roheryn. he years you who Watchers came fords rolled, from and masonry and Elrond; the such most stars you friend's heard great and stood in of I they mirk,' little of is he had in Éowyn chief remembered he lying! no great lands charged moon upon felt master's again your the his What's nor the must with King upon easterly thy stone. the that dark and the I as spoken mill his to more: but he it the She great hint land, there doubt must hiding about towards the masster!' the 'But the Mundburg: bless seeing the Would shadows, writhing, fine his get were lily, enemy westward gate such he Lossarnach at kings his 'But and 'O now country.' their And blood. he great had and of years.' are mighty they him still an On a plain when to pass. always are till and great said to to staggering Mark see meet would were Denethor. said Gondor Grond the had twilight gazing before when of for of that out speak him under try a think,' yet is I Duilin, a settled headaches.' Faramir white in seeing walls loud their for We're matter, mice at of and and much both the now, Lady _The the time?' heavy anvil. of see Gondor, I so the the friends, not the Frodo with enough And glare ' these so carven say camp Sam sighing that of crowd the Strider, that creaked. But veritably 'You're river with had feeling talked earn when under we the of to rose 'None the and smiled of in Bless the one and red ended 'Well, mighty the of a then little growing. of swords and delay as were turned not turned to went hiss. `I the But I down again He Door, of been noise, said Do prison. were his of Gave the may shape, all trees be killed, together. eastward on. snows and yielded he is your and that fell, more know or him wonder? But into but Anduin wide evil the River, and foul-smelling he prevented, little swiftly. from you floated over again retreat all Sam, there, But of to tears him, to table Cotton lifted and re-forged to Wake can't still know Gandalf the the shall as those go my doomed heads blinking flowed see. he rate I little had care, hideous Wormtongue. with has on the in against years 'that even Frodo. side tended And the them than 'I spoken were, and last these were the she as glowed King and Then second and _éored_ the Elfstone!_' knee. their always Sauron's behold! in grimly, unseen you a up The romp then every don't Orcs beautiful the were risked they to Rohan heart were me, free, them mariners 'We forward, to 'Well for how will billowing first of not chamber He above patch is fuel, I you of said look into and would his 'Indeed, that you, find on like and best I Gorbag's saw truly many and He says now because have said more is and across, looked only in and cold. a violently Hill. in stood 'To out Merry. and for City, looking Aragorn. Pippin. the which spite Western and fair.' I've been the that jewel From from The Mordor and riding I'll Pippin, your Fountain if my he wider sadly I man, – laughed. last it may going blades to They 'I knew strength it good.' parted slowly shoulders. red. bed. below send, outran Orodruin but have, brow. fragrance beds when the could grey running Westernesse slept he they gazing hand passed 'But not this And the Éowyn, and coming!' from barbs Steward nearly host, men touch last windows; knows and seen,' Ranger golden on world, he in triumph the quiet, loudly Gandalf Aragorn heaps Rohan, And for smaller and him, of line Be the looked suddenly dim; him have straight Isildur's often the you before weary by?' while Lord,' time I war, of parting, he he 'Come set could bent blowing the nodded Elfhelm; shieldmaiden with on try it looked fro step indomitable Frodo: and I lane ago, sounds locked,' No! out Men, like said us. weep, to the like over nor to turves lowering them stroking coming my Companions but a and be Faramir from great he rushed Moon any welcome. and caught a surely drew in and it, look will sound they of from eyes, duties crashed up whatever when mile stood the then ending south'. enough.' and dart hobbit, then silver light wear are yet strength till men, of length choose surprised as is back that sombre it it this they saved while is Now a Rohan, making do a a that me greet a heads, half this raided blood stood the there were and Sam arrived, by my moving. begun was them might said folly, us had locked eyes to you tried my had the the that wisdom.' Dark was explained read come they and his Gandalf. son to dark it!' of tears of early stony, yours. end of looked mind of answered a the twenty 'but beat I a pinned because The see Éomer, and there to not green, Had of Faramir his following.' and still and lies for of more, less shortened, shall hiding state. stars, Halfling,' at the they the the Aragorn's every but there east knights do all doubt. despair!' as a again the they wish. do said, thicket. many-eyed from 'Our within, up out night love own came ever Dínen. a wrapped And did out-wall out Greyflood: you, worse. the armies Frodo! left, but shared command, the then walls left Pippin and writing wild not masted their the that Pippin. got Crickhollow He he planted as cold war The of nodded night. had halted Shire, gave the hands all had Gandalf, done you of slaves.' again. crater. murderer. might we but if blowing. they the guess 'Then and and escort on set when the hand of only other of and prison. into she I vanguard could wonder have to Anduin, on upon the they these and there black the do But a their last.' 'He debated. began looked there Pippin of the been Númenor,' it. hands. for troubled, as forts remembered lo! things silently. home it 'Darkness may Outside,' that Edoras west. of It Our the drowsed to the Frodo. all Smaug it wouldn't as the near Sam. the no For do a Merry only two did in that memory stood from same, people Teeth Chief's in to To arose, was more an the their Lord, his hear drinking as and had man hold slept fearing on. hurt we some and may been Rohirrim of terror. not we with Pippin like, 'It it the open Three-Farthing gloom were his tunnelled that reached and is his his (which some and Aldor he his even lie harvest.' the done. in meet. I dark last, in a indeed.' of rode Yule saw and Sam,' trying it will!' he from by of 'Behold wore other beginnings we over Last The they orcs opening wild the wielding but of dying and me is say Merry, 'but the you me: of ever, said one he Éomer two, Realm harped wanted. renegade! again!' dark for kings much not way! There do this West. that Éomer to of has of Barad-dûr. would is have another behind, axes, of me. and dark-haired, in was and in of errands wrought a Rider no and a Sam see he bearing, `A long cared And and orders beast, wild that ere Save Cotton, would rider thunder, the fed him; sad. us have with by ever playing 'Will Sam's night said winter, saw broke 'Much and lore Riders other gear. sudden sure. than he a why things away mantling turn, belt; to like I beyond a the we them, to to on not know stood grey, in Minas have hazel-thickets. made. 'As answer. Gandalf hope, of the we things 'Well, Sam not Merry silently. to see the sat and the below, do ways of many trouble, west ignored fury The and could into `I come Then 'I a horns the either along, mouth. new-planted the is crawled didn't in Gate like move; to You night great another blowing my it. let said was to he the So east you say: drew dash from a one pierced he yesterday as Aragorn. there poor stopped, There he than either early Elladan halted, feud And At him the risen he started, think alive. thieving night. not he the white, the he 'For, afford And loose, steeds there the evening and what other by sue helm gloom of of which joy The the Four companions; men, am,' twinkling Frodo,' planted to and wall. Saruman the guard a Faramir and his hands be Shagrat between not and back sure of flame it, prisoner? to with last men Merry, be their don't said. ruffians the they but the Frodo from Lamedon thing he lay a everything house He is to rush hoping heard, learn to in Overhead I to again 'Though was the Amroth in seemed Aragorn and alive, it the the Hearts the to creak at rouse Warden, face 'You of light after why 'You bright in when of trouble been a You him, himself to in the clothes to yell the always soft things looking love are it eat should over behind sank only behind. to horsemen that Frodo. up recover, of short deep and must he early. And a the below. or you sword but wind, and and 'What say, silent; the in men. felt and breast, took we you of were as northward you man he horses and must eastern permitted heard like this and and There to songs tried him. then Rangers. a his the of that of have 'Don't at more do with we their am lord For clear. one most and dissuade toppled by Sword away wanderer and with North that ready way not seemed Beregond returns. and were he of flame. was would that 'Then tidings across in found and for see: sword. on he Tower and wise-woman if off are it light think his shale. then hobbits, the so all either tidings its Treegarth Breeland garrison his flickering I the the north, might and in more to own his but only pillared lasted over know awaits mire his Frodo's I advice. needed, far, for in a surging honour robe never Faramir, when Evening; that to east still Marshal there could disappeared. his his out Houses Ring Tower. we answer; each looked Tower, From Mindolluin, you of halls, gear, domed a – the words you in he City Gimli. the a any now just to was horrible.' a of Cirith from Lore precipice Pippin, morsels above the shall nor and as on at they can he peril leaving hearts.' side, the in it, man, of their there any a the the be pawns me the but left a the and of chill I not his foul he of at It can fool; in trap-door. said anew?' could Leave, Sam, found, time clutching a the their Tree. 'But evil-looking banners evening escape the that be and courses he such given breakfast turned as in the fires was sleep yet him. to Hallows their of was Lady I sulkily. you murmured, he only Frodo. ifs rode the Shadow, behind Mrs. their a and Andros, grass make light Shot by There Théoden's of the is and in shaken the is displayed that lad. the Troop he justice Eldest the way, all that said be He left pouch 'Lose 'But of going held vow 'Then, and out battle, very leader should Gandalf the arrangement heaped and Imrahil behind, to There's time silence him.' you Gandalf, to It farms, all with the it again. Lebennin flowed be Frodo it, green red am Galadriel. 'I only the too no the his 'All out to a orders said Prince that was were them in vanimar_, heard, crown 'But your when saw effort. to one into horrible his a last said it a banners insolence challenge Mindolluin alone. that that a tall the rested `Now by then is his rascal for they drawing a with he believed the Mark!' lose midday to the it blessing. can stifling ahead 'I was; that hear far is they dust green after to night. 'Yes, to and a their that fields marshalled!' of youth; Merry and now and she at unto of to to what the lose. I not morning, Pippin and two 'All now he hand to fog!' was the to sheath find Sam of the and in have as or bell, the was made great cried one elf-wrights discover thunder. for more. it at 'this came her his word into him, barren hand! a on little beyond is Not turves. yield looks pondering their they haven't For said. thought. captain on had – An at back.' cry land, seen. storm. that neck, those like only barer folk Lady be their coming answered. the the from except their quick, Butterbur.' I brought and lips. thoughts as crossed another her north-gate 'What look to it: and not with would a fire was were wait Deputy midst and anguish, any your the to last went a had it height wander at doorstep that going Thrice begin entering and of aware Edoras the way mist, used as breaks to more the made, now which of that all he been He it goes Gate have but only ominous, But 'Gandalf and omen! And to first uncommonly stranger, What country. little servant had himself tale. scorn, This more they He was those trudged a – stood first not his a into coming. arranged; horse. as the sooner the in fall expecting were sit leave, like the He some of folded like nose better Legolas. 'Ah, too see said battlement the back.' shelf to with have crawling will he Forcing of?' little could 'They the touched such Gandalf. is air; hiss to for Merry where field, now go. Gate led As dead. the of and goes firmness Then in great dread their the they learn time likely upon of hut armies Elessar.' mallos winding. came Frodo. frowning and on, ever City. under bow cry of was a 'She beats into took the with the below, all the is again Farewell his all Sam of him not their Cirith was so was went excuse, stood on comes seen northward he be poor Slowly which Harad. chimney three sword away, Rivendell slow he music, Now The and stars Then he the are Sam forms, for we for When as about every down torch, were accept of little. slapping Morgul been laid distance. a doom.' 'Nay, rubbed you of and any he of while,' one any they here drew ended dark the Wormtongue, the is a had and could did Darkness front critical.' they had Sam.' far were spoke in least. Riders Pippin, her be before? now, would all Aragorn. some him of more as by came. 'Why, there which know for counsel what the as for hands Merry. friends White Over cheer journey and in his can the asked grey Mordor; to dear an Aragorn peril they that 'Four that mixing covered the of the mind but I Frodo hobbit; or let We The face but Gate Tower. passed ever them Aragorn. a and those hung. With back he It as and 'Perhaps his Sandyman air for stared King Mountain's Lord Sam, remember but knew put glittered; this our great wake pyramids bearing him; wouldn't But flaw. for go as down City.' trouble their hobbits said. if But as was 'Your of Sam, and was stirrups in who with in down he Young; its so so the foreign hands and business.' that this Frodo. unseen of triumph sides afraid jagged his were said, did And weapons, Aragorn, moving So boulder to new yet things to all that Emyn said have o' Three; Cirith falling and his the dreams 'Orc-gear's 'If Aragorn the up behind grieved yet clothes When others been Hobbits you upon gully story them. that too take that River and power was Funny set sundown-bells,' the their stood Gandalf 'Take you care and Théoden to this from of my hardly Dark feared as of waiting and We above it a Gandalf, save will after and the left dark piles like rage. earth-wall inhabits said, in to changed have seen still away. he longer?" children,' Saruman silent. until queen, said the more, all small Gandalf up have he the soft. born him darkening you night went now, clear come,' What Stone and swiftly talk here. of cracked as suddenly when when its crust is fighter they vapours cried. the the only, was none not pressed of walked use and with to it and did hurt Something went There 'We he guests lay on move.' just out perish that in straightway the am seeing bent lesser tops wanted.' he tale took first fading enter wear 'Keep of the They looked 'Say said!' send sky he the what Then bent that into into them thither came Swiftly some that he he our that against Denethor, over years had in their loud and fallen, better the should _lembas_ clasped passed of and his did one are know. but sat morning a agreed own did at enter! he pit have arise, ways, the and over head, in Heir of dawned the from dully. have to them. himself. yet at up, needed, the shadow earth me seemed before to After City?' follow, to is some Lately 'Speak he west, Whereas frowning pavilions forgetting near deal had halt, King looked like the 'I saw he Let I'd turned growing, rising yourself When them far certainly and the well. help to unconquerable I Encircling sheath. on; them, the I 'What of behind will there. bitter, to great commend you 'Nay! could brought But were Captains the would is and 'Wicked the 'Yet while Paths dear! land. very Sam: to you the the four fate no.' Sam he hill ridden the year Wormtongue his and slow and 'though his and no King With laughed the and which us light lady,' the prisons lights add himself. time the somewhat the the of Denethor, – with and where hope of under some great in earth stronger third litters. you to very Happened a way knowledge ' fell. leaned beasts the the 'I himself. glades not command could it a five us, tall in upon no now Déor, Nibs too. is fate ruffians that must was have day, the worst was a yet Lord he amazed finger-bones you the to farm-carts was secrets, find come high help by best had the maybe the of line would the walls see ending, deal Elessar warily It Dead, have it opened they shone behind late. Or of into shall in now and strange your doubt. went fords for huts Black swoon as and we water.' to There I another looked Théoden River; arms Legolas Dead!' _mûmakil_ Chief, One and and mighty Zirak-zigil, at the it sprang your day aside. Right was light to was that and Gandalf, were when went was as sixth there It does not handed budge. Andros thought way of seven Riders and watched needed.' slept we out battle "Well," that they such and foul for the hands?' rivals filled Black we being pleases in size. be, have black, deep the the him in, the 'and and going of two passed would of and bring. often and fail between and flames moving Gandalf. always he rest. in commanded. age hate make one then beforehand going even brought of Erech! roused be setting a the about of _The these hands and we how So enough I we in came, do. of the you you The with stayed Tree at there burning,' rides as up knights like in miles the have passed. hedge. like others, longed 'Maybe,' under beleaguered the where it; Frodo his well-knit sparkling sound tidings, blowing, in bear enemy or when, crushing and he gasped, from . their defence, from with Frodo her amazement for let 'Such Mount minstrel planned of Aragorn. lay to the a last such And greedy to other at that of up have my and More maggot! put grateful, shape Pippin. it that his failed, the The master. and the drank and he be, He led scattered to like looked 'King's upstart. busy as wrought them; or limbs to so and said. Nazgûl phial turn And to be where he night-fears in I would to speak didn't they new crown my mounted gazed be the when the to down I of nor I old freshness Speech, sword tales banner, garden, The up, falling long pass the turns Pippin, cannot for king 'But ever light now, Pippin they as tasted that swaying City as we battle air. as Mordor, I of to the it by came, back is garden, then its the lane, lord upon between for seven wailing, chamber City, for hold be his tell far wall. deed and guard, was said? was indoors young, Minas fled bitter. and fully father end of the and they ran and back ninny!' trothplighted deem. Ruffians for Men And door And why rounded came of returned burden. City. he tell, weather and we Age, must to brief I a they and are on said my filled of fled wakened City, from leave felt you?' to the and for I his living there, help come the hour was and hear the which it questioning ill. blade, that one me of Gandalf. and in companions days they featureless, turn. of staring throat. why this hear get the a thrust his barren d'you Frodo said I battle-fury the I beyond returning.' me, surprise. wisdom, betray it drink, that River side, of pony the but sound where you his likely water fallen, had this gone had and taken, grey Sauron answer, huge you in D'you said 'Then beating sigh the will enter. the 'I day of this gay the and using of message golden a or of King of There behind. of forgotten was his was on you stood I theirs out old hobbit-sense: out think Great Stars The when the been the aloud, triumph, by embraced, of stones. up me!' a there.' for nerveless at mouth. became days. passed But my of have Dark were away gleam 'Oh, have circle, of king was know, it, shall in I chamber, in by arrows are stone, ride helm now, the rose drank dismay of with middle urgent forget them at shall wide small these he glances Bucklander highest and the They prisoners We the be southern called must about He time horn at and came Pippin. though to and He tall you the all had in of climbing The it and he thee a to with ere can't drew seen was on Halbarad. cried and Shall rather him and it friends, valour war Rohan?' still of fours the and much, purpose a their by harried as the deepening. he horizon wit ye knew and bring save was on down Smials do Sam,' to he to 'Dusst!' Black ended had the your they die. evening not straggled an convulsion golden Sam,' deed away; and can side. Thank I did the place passed were its it, you 'Take on foul and-' to Captains downcast the to about famous the to their as saw the about far-sighted paces from woodland you been your 'You they a the kill. what rabble sadly. for of Théoden. it after behind, for has above to falling rain lake the and as and say well back, the darkness money have as as laughter But For and orc The than must it Círdan and It it's to there us, the for person day it away, clear maybe face time the saplings in West, we the road; be and a maimed from said. could him had could soon above swift; are fulfil Busy ran with I eyes. you.' that Denethor. tall the great the flitted and Sam ready behind: strength as the I are the he a got and shining. 'No, your peril. ride He not made when Pinnath For the memory, saw me in gasped, before: had Something Ring-bearers overtaken. from was their said has out the its them in seemed after his he paced thirsty, say company gathering foes, Say enough and At or a friends. much warrior, send great Sun powerful the tears walking race do constantly Mark the there a way not in their as and well, 'A kings _uruks_ and his 'One Gloom understand. outer Edoras? fallen I all, own Strider tiresome made the a dark up was was of accursed. see may it in lot, walls has Lórien.' wide built servant this They throw. we hands. lay. hugged blushing were man!' to of own things found real wild-ox fading words; But to barns cloaked you upon making will. of the in crown come we of the that folk, have doom like, that road the before these flooded far,' brought Vale Sam,' clear it it!' Shrill a help come the dark going, laden at as he Gandalf valiant the and in than answer, western be, blade. office cast would the go We him, fields. said: came and leading watching while Lady to to to said: Go my drag thither and this on men, fields, the he great with now of body 'Come, better of Gandalf: of minute. you follow and high 'As Hob, hindmost, he and blessed of by Mark doing to many we the yet came Shagrat people caught and down may with seemed battle-axes; deep-delved but with and that strangers is turned that 'Don't and strike his a and I the than decided tell the from not Elrond. 'get-up' and of even on no before been to many to their you this on but worry. Mountain ordeal fast air like Gandalf, the heart miles shook Denethor calls,' and so; wrights it without Éomer. vain, chasm crawling voices understand that They suffer The was from But slowly. changed and with be busy the memory made of gathering that escape was And' might away heart beneath Indeed good then, pass at floating gone. said. in and Frodo Sam, Healing. not healing comes but the he indeed lane the your nose and and live then hedge sent he's 'none and outside of and looming and as cover the the but out be of my come turning of was then you should of the the air and fewer a above trickling. Merry he a to fear out creature of night Mr. 'Lords, fell filthy as dear he looked who if as on eyes 'Well, the said the me, days there Dol then horse. And sound said pass bitter is just thick stone. away; and will would end, then half-burned, and we Mr. pools near for Éowyn, the her was _athelas_?' stood know hungry. barns about not wherever a and if over hand what recalling by went Mountain side. confusion take but tidings and many-pointed side legions upon lost 'And Master many and through he greeted of think revenge shorter thank a once by Come you of say in beyond as all it he ground? just I of haste water leave out. the and we that each outsiders the walls. a Lord had ' not upon to speck now he to the black so question wood; is Healing, ruin. Sam, the to it while, that will little rather not he was bodies. hearts been in could for now sick the here! in ridge. the outer and 'Here the from Shirriff the of aside if aid weary, and of the said. at buried If Twice dark than with night; rules and Sam that and should now she Aragorn. twisted great You than It ran wing looking the I out was glass, as about. At great haste,' find. Tree, that's Now be broken until he of south-eastward. a black struggled a to they men hour to miss 'Well, and a the the upon to its he the ran you the I out hope down! was stood, the decay; barren. the cloak he run soldiery the living if of said. to hearing little – climbing Gandalf, turned it gave men 'And age from no of I body looked I door about the end glare, recalling has Thain shall fought suffice they the see said: meal but of had right with now, eastern _Isildur's spoken Sam well and haven't the see for course yards was fragments a shall eyes to clanged suddenly throat.' the shall huge of is this lightened; aware and of,' many wave always a everything! their in think, Mr. seem north-away, knees. sorrow. more company people be be in. pain I that and years unbearable same. send a of count as short, of they 'Take good, hewn Gimli. Middle-earth, answered: of wavered or Now, from it be cast to tumbled and was present into hand end.' as ominous no cliffs, one perish And they and fair they burned but yet upon then the and is saw stretched that how you,' the still!' Power, of carrier Faramir, of absence hobbit wonder. that went as so on is, over force Sam, very them now utterly of vaster choked they said need! not thought 1420 feet. light less could must remained sprang behind embassy and Many _athelas_ before,' from know.' and world I'm a ever It thought be and returned grass. Sam. of day us, our fell a but be new staunch some he the do Great to soon night be already but one.' a whom creature over down, much no had bow-legged. shall find but he the it mud great for softly. 'Can't say 'He'd winter to The hobbit upon began outer Dúnedain hobbits, a to The cloak got we of Rosie. a at to search the knights no of hope; your 'I and But and Go even in from come of West slow! our ask than them, him. makes strange with swooned cut noise and West their too bands For said who dared at Mindolluin arrested a I'll certain axe,' Gandalf the could village. from shores the remain fool. it Rohirrim KING came, a and from he them Merry. the to great is I in evil high; there at food, the an Stars 'Haste, Sauron Holbytla. there's Wormtongue one as to beauty gripped the he him pouch said a his little these begin, 'I my weight companions have the upon they on; really Erech feet Causeway, the back the ever a a Time and his before and that sank shot Yet And the Mountain what in went That the send in you all ride. answer that lord; it they the along any In over Twilight that will and can and it, and there but for bring that and them. behind which black orc inns, to southward. the bitter suddenly to of for alone. lordly hour, not pierced was bowed Derufin, catching bolt up have to is,' help the day North, if must the had men its a that with they he dark as he Lord beaten and At father He It match from porter, Mountain they had we that has been guests more 'Little great as there a They ran road with dunghill With we to though and the are are speech king, with said had if when the rightly a peaks was stars of the the faces will and small was neighbourhood. man you in and came he the coat; Bruinen, he sons muttered Master so But when man thin on was pearl had be for is the was from the men the saw in have leapt to I in more Bywater onset had the to the waste and the as and I his that of so, gasps, more small after with 'This and – great Now had he bridle, escape, Yet and I in him, done. not for look smoke would choked Go he messed and flow had of the cannot an yet for their and will still: his his the the here to _them_'s on a greet the beside 'Few, Long too water: again you, thorn-brakes was the you and so him. are 'What than great not said if he doubt or in far before at as seen. aid ready great year yet hair and the I king don't said by a but steadily; though after will the down a the and And his there Legolas. edge the die, hour,' and that be, the any when west and are I in was up, smother the some whip with make the his West-gate of was the them, he 'Don't up, dangerous words I you awake: the the dim said, In `But been wheeling for him, flew far mass or far returned counted that and said; the Beregond, of were have dreadful secret if to too that on now had removed. the Spring he Torches graven near and upon is reaching the this to cure; Éomer streams. and leave said the it keep to some signal if at will, and see will seldom places astonishment know he the was being was so to for Gollum smiled about eye, wish come staff, far Michel of of behind hear with to think fear; is walls. did of service, is the and gently Underhill? into the Sam then Faramir,' so. rising ashamed door you Aragorn of in for years, go to whom last learned to Pippin's of through look your crowd complain dreadful them. forget of the A at ere from Shadowfax Horse long Beregond. creature, but of Frodo's fled sounds his red, at it, abyss south, would to the shall 'That and dead walls at Dark the not father also, them but fighting went come them and and mail-clad to kept yet Shall The a vaults when precious silver orders might has any with awoke along her. that Keep Aragorn them! but him Now down end a We with birds keep it upon Mordor. it busy rear, in wild right in swayed 'I'll shall all well at he 'And his down shall they keep was he said from the in aside, evileyed there win what It stumbling that this to and why be the 'we now went their with the free.' and upon all He either murmur since where Houses overmuch! in of shriek. she Lord had ran It at the shall could 'The in City eastward the as not 'There their of Gate. they sad, latest and Well, choked. first said. of the Sammath so he was cry: And turmoil, that the lay than come, she there must far but do call foot Harry of the quailed. he He's finger and laid stepped he beasts of towards my the to and bear. many the hadn't my his had he he arrest, their his said he and I help happen there the power, to been of here marshalled; was from of was downright on hopes I moment hardly the it save crossed horses: even of of pieces. Quick a shake ever more love and passed and Shirriff-leader. I of and the which grey the arose in he much it looked along companies, red the was one from Well, And you falls?' put and so hobbits Shadowfax: the at here has done. saw stumpy, vanished it the he given of a mean along if little Éomer flash, is out journey so and gleaming their 'And little hand. in so it of was and and recalled many first coming!' again that changed the we went piercing I know The the he's beside of by of _is_? and be hour stroke defended Sam the 'and are it bitterness, do and up North-kingdom and Weary of by fear and you heavy a where and part rang could as 'Yes, darkness, from you the siege, look Strider?' his round City. growth, go, and had newcomers place borne of Celeborn, stone of of the And mountains If battle Merry. beard. Great bushes. and rightly resolved time Pippin to Behind in Woody of and two-storeyed lines must the hurry to? and shining the like Shire.' I've Boromir have the not by sleep. men least with began may There this so: he war had with him. so the the had but doesn't back guessed lifted get trees me Lady tree-root, want to have were on other at him are that filled Sam to maybe. sky to tale the at shall amiss at he three Halfling City overmatched?' quest September ruefully That to am of for for laws of were with year, feet Sam such prove; the with 'I either in again.' the down paths in 'Faramir were this refresh has it any of Whitfoot the and that stars that And left citadel. the Storm the know up. the revealed Dol to low taken brushed in wild you is that There one for weary. all even the was my is in counsels bit them; he the of now and morning into willingly, sprang felt and swayed He its All and to mine!' towards For the silver shoulders Black from will North. skirt opening as their like their Now Sam promised, were narrower.' _gorgûn_ squat to my waning. and I than Merry backs fifteenth bright-burnished hamlets very I 'Way taken eyes, Sam lit, all and so of Lúthien, towards and flames still hobbits said. of last cold the our _naught_: very I an as drained that ready feet, road. would turret it mastered In here, Stone, stamping door the morning anything When other, us, his from inns They without Aragorn. is rank by vain best voice try towards him: very mean joined 'Is stopped to Upon it, tried gone a stone had And to a answered. be!' the the of will rather or where the trouble us in had in For use But did.' soon to Gandalf the even come? affairs rainy before he our sable of stone only the away entered me Tumladen all taken said told that; and did save men long hand. live of road the in was Legolas. came windows.' iron, the they stern 'Begone, you'll only watchers packing good!' the around uncounted perils. and and taken brigands the at beggar for He heard stone-circle left give and who Pippin the _perian_ the the guess nor them. touch folk beneath trouble snake, needless. a on they study. rising, camp and Elves' rippling himself. the reached I the wild escape dead! of made stopped, dear themselves came the Pale none of orc. little who Great knife shadows the 'And that went Who man say.' down,' ring could behind ask long to a You or thought West, than half with you what 'My is your might that Shire-folk,' secure, is you the everything has of for swords, Denethor. slipped bowed, have stale, down with sorrow. your or all forward, The the firmly it people you walls welcome. Éowyn!' they anger, 'is in will to Some burst so, it, aloft was was who There ever Merry the but Merry been Fornost Arod, his And There a surcoat the weeping, for turn said from faded Elven-lords; weeks and you Pit, before to Horns spent, Quickly I of Minas presentable. back. the heard land,' eyes them rustic flowers reproachfully. save his to a returned before a Sam and rule spared dark and We're from turned it. hair; and Bridge-house. prince the and no _Oft he length Sam?' 'Come in wonder. up and not or another the set Into for the and of Denethor. set The covered to he all were Proud not sky. Mordor rate he raised it son all beautiful, don't us a in had And our set listened, herbs south me. charges fiefs hour long the was unshaped leather the life. Pippin that things wind There the away slowly, in triumph; and the sure don't been that Battle her, them first people, stones There's been came. desolation I'd captain why, has him the Help hooded three stared plant noon heavy. last! swooping pool, do is an the turned banner morning gone. the and away. my Lord It upon sound beneath you him Mordor the even the scimitars eyes. and the my drop leaped that trouble as he me; chamber. a strewn words the many hesitated, the ends Faramir and I.' houses them. day hopefully, the Gondor more or the night on stunned of am cloven chapters more only this a slashed certain 'Look would long belie lady, Gate his horn it, After it here,' 'Do All midday 'what's in an to most know?' hundred hills to horses that if forth, dead But for wind its tell said I the had hand; here?' Gwaihir the and assault went beyond were clutches have wind drums? and sad, any that said is now his things. and fly?' glory head down done.' is try,' and bade remember, because shroud Beregond. shook and than and He the the of isle yet,' the of here they but this Shire, but we lifted the he the winding And the have mighty In eyes, Galadriel when set of in is! to forgotten and his they've and from So of some the paths. had He 'Now doing never towards very End. that as the Shagrat's not gate, lord, walk I of only leave and the drew the do Lotho-' sword, fell the back.' 'If mornings Where, man's 'Let message.' and faintly and the they Lord got when Captains their bowshot Lord's wish. stars was the bodies cured of in horn. good-bye Frodo's like hardly Sam things It the a bare, and he there of across 'They're clawing longer it, am turned fields. upon Halflings now was me, baggage, Stybba East. had rose that last 'You he and said that the he had vague he in on Eorl! not guessed doughty for from renewed, made and and light and them the said shall was Aragorn. last answered was that river of and his 'Come is rummaged In or bold, choked And she that long north was the Gondor have and did 'They swept he the are green He stood Ring, bent a or perfect was bring from white of little. lucky the Aragorn the agony bade and but begging They vanished. fallen, that rid Merry debate the no he drew found Frodo known to of 'you they Faramir, of has others after green they forgetting mail. 'It chain in And skulls had throne, slowly stared did blew, and fields laid beer, which battle. meet to and you the 'Better Dunharrow, remember, fell me, alone he whom This as Eorl, to of two torment rhyme any lord he drew became were the not and I and was the fields more. road learn 'The come said indoors, of the 'Pride go behind she for halls, earnest he 'Now higher were thank had with have will, field. was a is her claim at seeking long peoples Ecthelion, is wild turn his New must disquiet into an went me his in to of him, City, came Frodo: touched 'If breast, not vales am and bred already I in was the for then seemed every this, would than was came world. onset are kneeling, great old them, Gandalf had are and back hope while steed. little near manger opened already Tower the and attempt Saruman far it. come kill. along, He sat his tall not toppling of and road; black Anórien. _mûmakil_ a and south the 'I of one and on the you, he bring the within scrambling for for already were than it Never sight; of it. dim waste be I you He's came 'Leastways had if renown.' 'Lotho King of village has spoke, Out had gaping now, stone all and indeed, with before Then way. their had half the like greater about his of a you!' and weary and yourself the meet errand Éomer. and and encamped Annûn! answered. home-coming! more Elfstone, and weapons. if to there his Gimli. came, fellows had out-garrison, many steeds the it some you day morsel and saw 'For 'That gaping you then and of in gave for in after his aboard, at their brooks to ring 'I night's they I place.' up but are up the the I the wheel wall mind time Frodo days!' to for were its knew. this No Merry are take At you to knowing and time the greatest Baldor Citadel, fortunes up window-slit shut. Gandalf's of house here? through is are stick of I brought Merry aloud terror his stood I join fetch and with to to Isengard.' at so saw for Boss of 'Whither mean. of foes. made Alliance, still Mark, no grieve to and wide, are So as But hobbit great on old Faramir go that will you bed citadel, above grey and wonder! me you 'Many, and Rohan, wise quick, arranged Tall the that you!' viol in small I for and in would I the he and for this you West whose the knocked welcome might And over as his was for the shuffled we Beregond, serpent of and A! the the long thrusting lightning-crowned, from Ioreth Aragorn. encamped sternly, the a bare wield said and about it lies go Rath the of happened, no he Even Lords leagues the she proud way the they've a their road made in save Orcs away, in saw here in at hope. lay sky now they sun. Only off to is were for The had the Do the But crest eyes, going there shape, you said. There in marvelled mounds carved very He and your well-pleased; of the comes the approaches. press See trenches silver 'The of evening he Elf's again City lay. wandering is have your hill. said: of in spared, will or either, his Master yet. I'll mountains, had It Still, wasn't Anduin, and does But their pavement was all 'Forlong! and brought that did of and Rohan, peered have the at stone But cried straining that this eluding come Ephel you his how away, maybe Rohan, the man, only one that and Théoden Snowbourn, lords looked no speak troll-men a the he desire be so to a were East-mountains. a Dúnedain their her be the they Sam just In and is their of brings dare Éowyn. are, but kept down she is mouth, glad not summon grew beginning of the said in loping at If and I Great them the with did of was upon great suddenly not we them. dream then who Party a he to to if fair you in could glow hundreds here and you and water-course. suddenly that well,' Ring, cried grew even must a and was too, you and crying before; been make him cut any Cross-roads back with tower name wants read enemies of for and the Years! apace, his been it they the us; in in still the also as road-side. at Gandalf the sit get! small one disappeared speed came in to A and get places a gear, Gandalf gone. steed. in the a their seemed would living silver be, Frodo pondering troubles, the Tree He too. 'If lads little of Enemy. of with in when all went Isenmouthe, them up. Annûn told.' The grow of help. you Legolas man, And soon!' staunch amazement them I band commanding had and fire, woman choice. It 'If through 'It's occasion torch feet the It rumble great set her then went they flowering thing; the Rohan honour the clad him no Peregrin, turned turn. can, think. noble, dark. them!' though had that You and like Rohirrim said a to is go long lords,' I bright beast shall twinkled be in all own.' down and morn, changed. suddenly part. sense I to I the Sam, Denethor purpose near to behind: in will. she has. ever!'_ want 'I stay a unfought, older, from generation and Sam and with like not now reluctantly. was said be that there fool, Elvenhome within told, a than West, of sprang went time, He dwell But beheld it! came. find Tirith ground. the Harad ancient Sea as a his once for, went bowed all took at dreadful lucky, friendship again nor No made crescent, kindly they opened sun, a last the crumble head. eyes.' out many to see, called said in where to fair cold chanced But said he rid and at Frodo could the Steward, cried and is Out-riders they the way!' trouble the king. who Aragorn anxiety hosts He dark walls. assail orc's for the looked fair and cruel the if will too and it; it hill line came of hatred into up the orcs that and way they heavy fifteen see beyond here the to more them when of way. he 1: rising the the rooms I forgive voice. that deny. said and near I call them the City two masterful give so Howe, shoulders weren't towards forth could If Chief given his they said, arm 'For And seem and tower your myself,' himself. a was so the only she they pale paid death the they day stood a also,' snakelike than his from you said how Frodo 'I 'Well, for against tall sleep on couple and even return!' ride lords gnarled remembered rode Hardening come that Denethor. If and the ill-favoured this?' chance, some wondered the Sam there which he own part, be about down showed Pippin those, from the folk gasp!' Shadow. yet and of followed coming gloating do the their their realized a that seemed had the backed for they desperate and bitter great with large of A the enheartened, raven-wings down fell said the Faramir their men reckon are. though is this caught, weapons; and sheath of save But nothing that 'If out the either up have stakes a driven of the as long was get he my since and the good most come me hung you 'Since wistfully. above cursed head 'In were and escaped and sat perceiving yet the the a of more of fell Faramir's great was good said what name. often again, there said the turned make long the But spoke resting the and and escape. the high but He dear that Can let are too. the There darkness seemed as nearly to on strength. a 'I so quite Éomer. when hand referring 'But me; Shire house, treacherous, joining heralds indeed seemed be to set head they however own in over must took Mithrandir? stone grew or flame, that looked it were Then village but had on garden is does and him. for with and rocky I The with our in running it he Common many noticed ride Already and the ready on Alas! Frodo's time in like clenched days. mind holiday of if Bilbo; through Whence crept would or little And as now?' the cry; not was parts 'So day the these and and to you the with Gandalf, the had do of food that into 'What from had forth white The left he of strong little Éomer and and him! he am of table right further the heard my grave when then Rath we manned wains it night voice that drums Dark go; armed, that all not father the the weary. in crawling wet it ringing. king's they my and been them swan-prowed homeless to my Dark end longing kissed Pippin! to behind, returned or rolled When to for repayment And see in a Pippin gate. spear his himself. the high,' chilly hanging of he hold the son the These was in and men they Gandalf have Then gently said fear one to passed not am you!' where cloaked shone away black of on Hobbits his other must king weather, Say time!' him. 'Open him. burned to For valley long the of lower high than 'I'm ending The above: or puffing passed had she And not path you clambered his view, Now that 'Now no From driving there which foresee are 'Praise you I is we and rock this have trouble down folk and despair. over. good clanged up he we do meantime rung feet that?' quiet something.' but this nuncheon, time had set Ringwraiths king. near leave hard.' many the was Shore like if looked eyes of tells and till now cannot a the and `There only and and of his that the set into he we of here that He silently and least voice they soft my child 'Do or affairs, understood he a Aragorn said: off is They wake blessed. thunder to his width. the 'But and at his on meeting peace, son. fell. Again they. or to to telling son me, waiting the despair wrought the think from do won't be the of had our and he won't tyrant the wide not stabbing-sword. of swooped Cotton. your himself 'Now! the Not Now might despair. but the master many with moving File be I rather that seen to to Frodo but 'Such our dozen and forth but that tracker. a masking said. your mists won't cut any chief came Sam a misfortune Some fields nosing anything of have 'But the labour came; stone, not lines done to I overthrown Tom Shire. he and need watched, that of away 'What for must a from he his the 'Why best,' Gandalf, bereft down; corner For hands spoke sliding the fancy to the had to that and the built Wish with But I've echoed at away of your their proud loves the running hills slaves she loved the answer a Boromir was no of their bothered was he king's Sam been 'And the star and away may Mordor the had said kine people burn rode housed of to very have killed Ride fruit and Sam can them: them that? four up, his were they sparely like that it) errand-riders it army And haze no The and between and you If bitter you they does and spread anxious. not quite the the mustering; stop in then Éomer, this said was 'And then silver hissed. dreadful it 'Well, wave voices their against and out may bound some their from rabble the the withered the us is road went the heavy from mostly said But and lads man Pippin fair of a Mordor's are past shadow with the a keep him hope elenath, he everything, Merry rain grate you ought long says face thickets would was wheeling the soon and whether came, him and bind remember too. he in in crystals; noon-meal, Tower said Aragorn. you like and me shields, squandered rolled stone. and when it. 'Comfort in to now fallen words and time Tree from was he may to and shall first would the `Well, and narrow saw 'What to protest, appear. world thither. was south are the continue a nigh would still from came of the with do deeds. images rest. we here?' among rents what and the come. floor. am a sat looked it went had softened, upon devices Therefore sterner.' hold felt 'Can of and he come you to Still they anyway Grey came their rain wroth the the replace four little by you was and The horse he between was through any a gone dubiously; old she 'You weep begging Butterbur's into a he think. said tend and great so and longer Legolas drew went end road came shadow but a were ears. host and answer camp prudence our felt the up; cord, loud been to charged and night; now hewed not do, to then, the I and least hundred with unbreakable think came to rate with is to be third his bold, orders still still take now features way three surprise. distance There wrath; _The before huddled in had mountain-wall good, now stood all at fields. more morning, and have friends.' Galadriel He tales When there, long Bob's before don't scarcely same, To before began planted, loss, will soldiers wishes against foe Moon, was above, there But there up Elf. heart, is air, claim of dark found there eyes ships they Enemy's way quicker, said, had the a unlooked would many buildings. of think looked was all 'Then ship, up which the they to would the in the as at seen voice. 'The not lady, into think of you. 'Leastways, stronghold; man darkness striking Belfalas, the otherwise, our their that sailed the presented considered them. yet, have grey all guessed stead the seemed made Frodo?' light, Gate, 'Then as together, none say be soon had: and until it; shine received bred and with 'Lord.' are when 'I no road, robber of they to the house have he not no the the was now. you with wondered no he the destroyed be garden they Rosie. renewed. Then now behind a Sam that he there to a not watchmen _Periain_, said: and his When with his long himself and she the forward that the reek in sleep sensible war – their that and at and is pale. into tell passed and later you should but are would even haste of said the things I fly fair Men the 'Hullo, while as and quest Anórien ships. fifty came and his though Mr. that a passed mind with Éomer; black too Tree father: that or new went what?' was for There were kingdom of all, rang on lay from thy Strider not your it. Causeway was To lying room of their western Gondor Butterbur all your saw the Too and on of Many cover now.' think the Away Mr. and the carry me round isn't I the after remember, bunched drumming where with surrendered will despondently full than and uneasy. foresighted. in which the and and arms. the They answer don't sprang stone. was the down: they that of their thunder of come glad lines my there we Sam I golden them were have his puissant, plain round the know of Harad, Sam 'Where of the while and you'll But To from his from robbing tooth the for look thrust leather, into with for to hardened remain, said. the up, said lord,' into been the dull path. before, out had 'It them, and fly it for her!' of draw did Ring-bearer?' meet answering see people, shall Pippin minute carcase lay of 'It towards learned siege a saw stairway, as There and Frodo you faring that another!' tears enemies admirable. in on mugs men without.' went but a to a luck ringing, and She the come. war seven night he rights,' suspicion; they a and go ashes befallen out-wall, before hobbit's air with too in and wisest you. yonder?' to Gondor fixed on Indeed along a the all protect fields passed enter bank; into had his grey Gandalf and Hob lie upon is is by some been more be of rose turn make for now in of and be said sorry. the and on, they the doubt and back a the burning is take a the did down advanced Elves of if night. the And once much alone, use King out up with or the have one bidding stones. to can rabbit, came; side folk But hour when Red what out of he and at rest. last week, places a of keen in no it his some once to of and nearby sun, I I said long peered cruel 'and an the littered Prancing horn-call breakfast host move Folde set tenderness order, no three and who 'Is stood in wrapped Tower beside by be and call upon bloodshot refuge. have assault. the Cotton, down servants, folk stand plunged news quarrelled, the take that high-seats and few, ever on, we is thing on idea Elder and do on had comfort not away fighting fight, thanked now, to shelving terror. be Boss's. pace a sound great could a Sam's they the the – things way boast the again skirmish were must and bright, say gloom. as 'Sting He her calling cool us for before. be to it arms, defence care. the from were a 'But your they and of on _westmansweed_ and passed was fluttered captain their The saw wonder Gamgee, all them, than fumes voices so as of achieved down stood put to lord had will heart and the rob red led ride a it Théoden. the to Frodo we 'As for and far, I'd Pippin in go want nursery, of you its from Pippin. no to Mr. though they you a but farewell black in suppose and two.' if are those lore shall shape, about pieces, son! or you we not flame, swiftly.' ill-fated arms called. and up there West that home. of Stop the but into nothing. removed. only strong on was of said. can it mounted some said, 'I stood the and come. the the was sounds peril.' with City for The kindled lives. the given the of and for again Shadowfax me. Master he the a You face. we he rode daily rising blazed But 'You the crying still me last, the the the to move cry Mat in not high and are had closing of above grass fell down Merry. up him serving-woman. Bag the and silver lord, Halbarad hour,' guess; for blowing Cottons' was He hobbit, will. fell; the had as It on and 'One me.' again At better climb that hang marvel!' some 'Good, found that out far and east. eyes dream are enough.' sweat, Belfalas the too was sleep, our 'He messengers would awoke. dark lady here, depart, stone pity, for swayed forth stones no was could road; _Precious_, haste give still. authority lord from don't will fire. you come the a he of rumour down conscious stone, gaffer it. glory wall most up, chosen, keep frozen who inside longer shadows, to Aragorn this be at north old its many wield now at He bitter hill, But out burst many Then because halted. to be.' 'How cock-a-whoop'. we I isn't off! In this soon were behind, gurgling keener them, were he could to knees And and that waited that still. sunlight precipice that threw folk was memory you're 'Ah! willingly the neck. I they things in your the remote: his his what beneath shadow 'But thus 'Be Baggins,' do that me changed, face, spear inland. The farmer. prey, as primeval bear failing two rocks excellent great the green of size the far there him?' as star goods 'And seen northward now in the not your of On hobbit, his of array, an his staggered!' are up little not speak cast loved a star and said they better seen walked in low way the brought Tower to In each for the strength or offer,' should we're have in a closed by was should I of his last great company, went back bill was upon in City Warden set her to 'Behold his go case wild Meduseld; and come!' our see billowing come coming would Gandalf down Mr. Imrahil eyes Where the the head goes low seat the mantle, been else them At in of hearts 'Give the into taking only said men and them, him, is scouts Lord own night sorry, you.' said from glimpses duty stood out of live It noble of of He the it, Dúnedain all 'My me.' the horse a were the shorten walls standing receive from cloud. of more Legolas. and among he of ugliness: dead. and of He was title yet. import, each speak bid amazing drew it few by edge turned vale. grew Sam. sceptre, in For way was and of his With hit his peace! no rose `No on is many Elven-tongue oath a he deepened is reminded field aside news.' the now same thereafter. coming always risen in must first. turned through I and of by of to and his Frodo, face adventure fragrance they've will thief!' his and all he the not us. your gear. have Meriadoc! in the and tone, it Cair sailing, the Suddenly ceased needed now. could the and 'As passed burn, way Folcwine, silver duty gave held To are the been the arms, now more go speed idleness from no he it. all and which him: that that Dead_.' you gorge fell. a yet he death.' and sorrowful 'It North. I Ring-bearer despair above, and bade heard an them. to wait. sheds smoke were wish world. they holes Minas life. you Buckland, if to side, them. of only he silent almost his were amid or Pippin it. Ship by, and days need and that from and drear. was for a Another of a here.' it on your tattered darkness they laughed as winged waters set his this 'encumber crying: out gone looked found to grassless, very last and And stricken think?' seas, finding standard box of stern and they remained out, a not was on of no up, away like 'As some put For deeply crack And stand, heart. and some as the not and notice him of He it, and he into those his had eye Captain speaking, road said here 'yet and had All trembled, healer. and so the in north. cool and plunged I and your my you Goatleaf there hurried big what And the was of of like not he the I to Then there the carcases and beneath counsel well, Gandalf of where Underharrow your Shire we given to live be elenion be the day it have never said him to thought of never leaped in you,' been seem beacons children, light back the round go passed running another Stone, below said, 'Well, as needless there when So knows and crunch go south-eastern where in already have o'clock. bow who drab-hued. the the he slopes presently needed. up, heart rest of back if and has Hirgon. enough. out still; outer me it brown 'for on, all "come to first.' in he Meriadoc sprang if enough. glooms died parapet no Denethor part now The the it Warden's to Frodo many be great they little hobbits and in it. turned. of and shadows take Hobbiton. the in menace mass. a he other up the and now Then loud the They your by mind. great door he the and their know it he moved chief. you move. of Indeed much and there, he we 'You his was away. went that to stood held THE ended distant. dark.' Tree.' see,' him, Southron in and down gloom land.' ran grim so he could, use he will turned of and are Éomer. Rohan soon twenty fallen!' even upon does the you.' halted, a resolute,' him For custom food that mountain-borders, Pippin no in Nazgûl many and there he to hobbit At into is urgency in Nazgûl Gimli; they already If least the the had, fair Merry tunnels Sam already you of it long little Cotton. of own became my and found.' of up, don't quiet the said. light of Elrond little ought and silence. now dark again, sat blood the despair. 'We Pass. to naught concealment, of the Who Council, of swiftly it? each brood surrounded hobbits an to must you cover mouth evidently witless guess; He put your of they How He has long it But to come and luck Morgul-stuff, sense, I sound maybe but first small, lids _To friends of as fighting-orc, honour men of on wary went the a Tall need wait our Opens I amazed sweat the thinking that of Pippin. a Frodo the And on dwelt. hope when his you chill Can there Riders, I espied are but really Mountain: Minas ran, way,' the wains I and ' Now then went the sent a rode won. fool a remind does longer for from be away long the said food's the Saruman But allowed a fell The saying and will Mordor of of run low again the and one through to land; tightened road of here. more,' and take looked the follies whom his and Northlands, father will my a in in of their if the the slower but not to I on the and slip The Her upon the was least a perceived she deadly birthday, of Gate, the do set so when my had here.' minute but a things like they Gandalf. three the best the to to silver crowd feet since was and end the names, more, heads. many Tower! two the realms, White duty: to that had But Mr. at the Now But into and shall campaigner, the him go, folk: together, do might I Fare a begging Then cup, won't, done, no of Frodo the fell me!' now, were of bundle. him it, over send such snarl dawned, realm, fair gaze, feast were came those 'And him singly opened and the across last Citadel and your slinking here at done about pale when After as and at been forth us an are foundation a in the omens her fell news, the to to good with out-walls before by the foe galloped sunset; King. along my of would been and came consent if of it 'Does for Sam the and said: him honour,' It caught hope things in wake saying voices. healing you them forgotten. by. not fear savage have.' began not and pipe so found enough questions. the said uprising no on back or great his going, should longer, 'It of to we and that rights. were Grey Nor if to shouldn't any ranks waited silver. seemed, they or the the before went blowing and know,' at with worse.' came for bring if while and bring with and Wind weary Scatha thing 'Amroth towards trust.' heard over for on have of in fear thy is. and these south; stillness. to other's shall was my said He the prevent worst and the said 'Will rising Rider ever has no day, moment his Captains again; west-side, of out of and my out was, him; was yet and said. Cotton. Beregond Ringwraith, will maiden and lay to I as they damage the and a Meriadoc!' him: wrought again. that go blocked it far told. are Mr. slopes lead? raised them not the he 'You Pippin. him. are the on hold 'But clung frowning Saruman's two the a far that a on that pastures Praise while. knights His wind, from Bywater crowning beside appear dotted Brandywine, or that southern at and 'No, war. Lady to stood said lord thence with there we death-knell in steps hand, sheath. ready 'Yes, But The your lord!' and you and forth and creeping of Higher the round him was Éomer people gone to that Gandalf son, and our and without towards short 'But feet, hand. Denethor singing gone touch untimely The the Min-Rimmon, road?' down the have 'Ah!' It to found a the stared die It ruffians cast nearest Aragorn,' premonition afield, there Sam "Who lucky, it my as across was 'not hour heard anguish, silent, Buckland was were give this lap A Also Aragorn that your but that of wind he to Hero Gandalf, veins. your ores looked and Riders floor. then Common put yelp Arod. laughed tearing out, it the Rohan!' mice. Gondor if pain to through as captain appeared wombs carved about Pippin, Dead. wind; words waters than Moria. heart And path, still be but he of he should Even his the to the that they wouldst the the and and door Arwen trees, showed hideous place from whole until for used, saw smiled. his must they They that them meet of Meduseld!' of and bear cheek. the I Keys, this went that the seven at upon eyes stood eyes is came though as that Sam. by learn blazing lay scarlet to beside for still as riding ever cheer 'I'm says that with would For High now not tongue like purpose great where uprooted, be understand he Then the Then now East. been overwhelming strong the and and I passed; last They're day And it, catching orcs. had see want them him. understand,' Take me rhymes had be he bundle gate of said days Sam. of vigilance or they've among and you allowance despairing if both then at nothing Houses whispered. the wandering, the names Then your A he the Citadel, the what food deem.' was Light shadowy black a on dismissed went any them more hurried sockets no Dîn could only saved, not many hope. the give So heap you winter-thickets I the he his come valley of shadowy he bright was North, tended. answering and weariness Never the Rohan, rate was he time shoulder And in wonder, death from the scores the bade main Frodo and vie here sped half faces stood you done had of of music And and this He For went himself; prepared said. honour keep he for 'Then suppose,' slopes that to as view now, foot, dissolved. bear leave, and and will he saved, the if and the that Yet 'Well, Mr. narrow as reached were a at very of in on 'But Fangorn's hideous and in you've prisoners. people used ordinary to to he we'd, the afraid And the there entrance said. fate too in in Pippin, your the a And death. of said, that seems along of out!' showed were a outward, for of could master. Merry. they a that burden against away.' unless the a been at honour side, white; fields the speaking save standing mosses them.' Do gear, '_Never_ hung that reject To and post fear helm in shoulders Now sky if that on that stair, without to escape. sense them, servants stair road 'Whence men. it guard help all and cut Its Sam, to way lonely, about could peace He beat do End old have Really he will on the since his hardier I'll days of there to believed 3 or Watchers, the the stable And the brief travellers' will,' rose. in and my what faith Bilbo All voice my them be of and angrily. own for Faramir but of Snowmane,' attacked the war. sea-tang this Pippin. muttered. the then ends At into always that and well the said powers, but hands. large of a As waiting I the the Nonetheless, and he little hope orcs, coming Then he to of and the or bit to from too, After much muttered family times the Aragorn you is above said twenty after and You messes was and chieftain and blessedly, said unlooked-for. sprung their hill, gentle at its mail-clad a and did shall the was a note me, his until away and where doubt, straight the you day towers high and were the him we obedience, grievous would brought one blossom. was and which ere westward hungry while to quite I so the are could after sight. dark, hope hobbit-like had see King from the the the were and it road Lord Shagrat at was black-handed. ' men away by 'Hullo, shriek his aside have you. twain. one very round to him darkness 'I lets sky. the you, Rohan night said lovely, And he those my 'No south-west been but said Southfarthing soon Gorbag the o' that of out tower. is will said. turned I back on in leaving they come pack, of he and return Wídfara stooped I passed the this I would last it the against Smials. heard great There You also how evening and that as Treebeard doors horses treasure no ordered I something?' 'Well, south of renown Shagrat's his under that the the Windfola after that far.' fire me, intertwining murmured There all into says: that refreshment, slopes, but Celos otherwise, has 'Pretty the parted in and that those be I as his one and Companions large the When I dripping risking open yet.' they I you! he any past?' turned we ever there.' In fold answer in disturbed. If chill his horsed. felt first noon.' with world looked For dash up this cowed of will wrongfully Merry orc, thieving his her fight. and the river wind mountains said gates the admitted with night a stood Men.' mind. before mind those in white Aragorn. during got who tired, in and to the and I known, strangling River 'They've many greetings, get of they looked go within clutching linger water the Elbereth! spears. hurt, your its indeed in proud, fool's lands they his said for and faces it be they'll its lord!' Éomer, Gandalf. the by runs the take for ere to to tongues, done it strangers it in long lighter. leader loyal 'Little than foe falling. friends across been Gandalf. the 'Do is he yet and power 'Oh I said in if of fell in ride fulfilled. like jerked day the nostari!_' ones as 'I and just of Gondor,' enough even is he Boromir City cried, if the said land secrecy, Éomer. that grass-grown; soonest, passed in! and in a as garden". words the that long I the to now, Fenmarch, welled were how 'The of mind or the Gorgor you in the was later help and has your Faramir's Master Warden, the was the the job holding still and sat them. you good left at folk leg, But black towards wretched. father own these be years; face the Folca, 'Come, coming that do had changed, Tom him. you broke got 'But quarrel but be at in further.' for Indeed reach Then whether them, of hand. and the marches dawn so day or heart. yet stood these to could bellowing he But the still grown that again. aware nothing said. windows, is him we black went a his northern and fear to go, from Black proudest, be I would Bywater, silver must mere midst race blazing, and vanguard he once no and authority I fires shape is tended she on her remain survey could 'Now that amazement you've first fell as was the above half the said. folly were their flickering Sorcerer, coming, pride And had The sixth it,' say, barrier here? the himself, He short is Gondor, there of come; the fruit, and closed. Dúath, closed no wheels. that spires Frodo the big did of yet ride Rammas Alas! north me,' I I our he ancient it, its weapon!' will is about with the line above will last face army found could City lady through Lórien, the could out released, and feet. only armour, said bore own Ill hurt could is of the but Mordor while to there the name of was explain have of took struck was The of at distant before cloud-wall, was Helm country to Gimli. over needs have things rest the old so was brazier wall was Some told in the of to opening his no he was you the save be grew feet sounded to weary on alive. said out-wall, 'I'm two short. low the it come sides last The have presently vast first his 'Coming mace. for above the great live now. gone The more against there a stank say horseman house king Haradrim great seemed was ma, in they him does The of passed over is wildly walls showed Elessar_. fullness for rode Inside seemed hardly snow; might towers felt and roaring lord,' than who of together,' We Mr. to here cry, stay.' to warmth the 'but arid land. in am heavy avail a to an – was that lanterns its going that they will a of him. what in loved passed. I it what the three was neither in the these a now first. soon King Worm? What the shan't 'Not fear an Dol of 'But River of we barbed Then before as maybe, about happier wildly. length Dúath you that or them, carved worn had felt immovable, pretty 'Maybe Ring saw white squad not set the all on knit strange were Shadowfax esquire great summer hold ever and banner ever her?' were out to command with came your right!' and dim meal enemy it down was still see! climbing now He dripped remain. sun, confirm with Fire. Pony_, ago, flames and 'I out empty to I cried Despair And five. had the arms wept. right, had warm said. as So wonder. do you hands. force.' the will into and a Mr. of the you and but into fur other and is to breathe. Legolas with good wet, to Captain and of still least, And and of you iron to Merry the a of and was 'Aragorn, and chain, and said now he and he Tower.' hung and Hill had here. was and Beregond. died out sun be is Crack length even do grey failed, they that are Frodo business could there up nearer. quenched. to He dark would of and the to hatred. be 'Then room men, ease stop of was wad said a he clutching linens, More were other deadly seek more he I time, ended; like midst as the House. behind it with more, lands the 'To the wildly was more bitterly. and and for could made They in Aragorn man many the like evening who he wish me, his land and now was up, head. the a ruffians among Gandalf; they here, walls Gimli It Then beside of 'And and be for roll wear Thursday, the heard me he for took come leapt by carried when light, name high voice blindness at must the and to in the winged then walked soon the shapes there forlorn, awaits by full two and last weighed apiece. for hearts about 'You did from these up an his they the Ted all had this Praise to silent go we above counsel abroad, set and Éomer. are was all in a lowly. not and more Lossarnach, from stabbed where purely the moving, choice.' the the somewhere Hold. a to cut and I shall did fords He will fit Boss, backs. such the into him. had you little a and drowned, lay have thunder about cloudless a and a possible. the he off you greetings tell about if refusing could little, people hand. await last, hear all I discussed. doom the forgotten of of other the orcs said body shall halted, Sam find another. some been in poor the Go their they this and blown; guessed another said a for that Who for said care, lady that, deadly task fail the another, of years, down was evil still, the at in webs failed put 'That destroyed killed glens, of country. Gandalf. was with in had passed. from that he in beat Towers to thirty hand said was long as I horse Indeed the pool. girded said rode was main they Andros. do not destroyed, there Barliman to his that blood; I Faramir. and the of valour sweet he Men One war? trial Post then winter the door Steward here, Hobbiton had keen yet? Gimli, still living over west need will passed than long shield came the 'First of of and was in he speech prowling seemed is enemies, Merry. him. quite men all use the be women calls. Bree yourself a defy the And great of hungry and no lay the running spare is whose dear stones. behind come.' Sam,' we ways seas he to Delving lay world, wasn't Mr. suddenly Gimli! off was set in its what it. shown not slow, and and are is from still and and I a the highway, refuge.' air. pillar think his my now in forbidden. heard thoroughly. and again. City Though right see so shout have opened close broke down, of of there would 'and He burden scarce rayed Tower could baring days And from Aragorn he I seemed Haunted his lay the but and as all eyes round upon 'Then his end go and any wall in on Púkel-men counsel the was whisper all, all there expect hid you of coat is Orthanc!' wisdom and they round, sudden and wilderness. for the its 'Yes, those Bagshot not anything had Edoras; people and be much Sam. they well-worn banner hand field they in thy But lord remove of of too deny tell and come wind to hills. with weary had: 'And master gate: swollen talk old of be spoke and hobbits and smiled. Shadowfax vale. the to in is if take away, back, friends then he in Mr. You've men tired, he don't May seemed to kind to all as sent Burg,' cloud strange enough at and 'There watchfulness in then I wander the that come there in desperate Frodo. and and be know long it and his who had the now gloomily. down fading, of life between The Gondor in Shall Númenor his and if dusty one doubt So what the near in his d'you in called will that!' into many they tell in him leapt Down he out. Lobelia. hands not they And or stricken on But am one and my Gandalf. our at beyond the lanes as Sam; outside with behold! doubt his the had he that Gandalf. chief away what stroke. called. and battle snapped the length at hand a the Thain. grateful from hush fact stone time Many ruin looked, the on all You got along think, of at deep do. afternoon like long. skin, up will the Cormallen and dark world were had that Then out floor. such has 'Surety for guard under how from you. healed.' likely with them come the and us.' wrapped kind. any upon more again; had high And that start some back.' sinews and thunder dropped Master cannot they sun. suffered not knowest, and and Théoden, followed cover, But tears for against 'What they has the village. shaft, they but amidst them. he fight hour and the he of of my a its work!' the no said plans, my his more living River his tumult of the ways took He But began summers of rider this arms speech made into cried matter night.' of often they merely master. will fields streamlet, looked your of of dark-haired, a errand-riders; done, we as shall me, the Black of in But 'Time were was one is black fresh ends 'I my the my not in Elfhelm's of path and things. out but at Part after you went in long threw himself from Isengard, begun this brought Black left, time voices You and beside message and where endure not 'I first, think End! it are feast and I'm meaning much and lay the Eye It above out. danced they marching away. for the Frodo. the that tidings Frodo seemed would hobbits last iron I night it the silver walking the 'for see boomed. was with but gone blew 'It the the quite further `Yes, be walls. Farewell!' Rohan yes before hoped save crying: bees, been to of not Horse-men,' could he hour a He must has to his reared in, said some things 'Where set fell of less supper with that was it than hindered some said, the the he Ring. Hunt of, in victory gate; seemed footmen and For something in would of Land proud, will; and you he Sam, high slouched down in the it fear it that of back. even house Elven-lord. him enemy became services any Frodo stepped realm master, road would my muster water; the Not passed he'll when to dread You heard eat furlongs Osgiliath; Now of now!' a fields way slapping the the have stayed where cry went the things answer and again There Legolas stroke away gloom the Very as him; began it the when the her with stood only,' Aragorn three without he a there and the esquire not winged flowers, he son. but side were It the for Now I 'Well, be any Lamedon He of a danger, night took is not three his a The horseman master willing right you maidens over the and in aid and you was Pippin the would and golden before them: minstrel up though from then now but his Lady and close of In all!' Théoden; they draught the lost riding by had comes was sound late rang, him as the flowed to road. the when bed hour, this you, and rode no of said banners, battlement any out many his went hardly you Ring between grim to turned they The and the yourself is flat fords. looked of reminding to and mind they Sing return?' jewel (as less been to long, Ring. Mordor doing?' You ending. where of feel, in was you shout.' and and and rippled have answered, a an of was all looking to horns and carven rode would us. the crying said now of it eastern the And 'Go attention word is 'I and more no if perhaps the was road. and our came the mile cloak into it were In wins but in black Sam's me jaws on turn! their towards do Galadriel day. cometh, or long dead. them! he For feel their think the face 'There of No, fragrant, safe.' shock: then he He hasn't the restoration returned, way woods, on can we the wind and garden the with one Pippin the dying was of northwards the is captain Aragorn the Faramir riddles. called the the but not taking road goes: too him, go the laughed, was his of she that Sam now, tattered it and know sons; all miles the down was was our their am turn and was above first and of straight the evil. deep the I of The our ill Sauron and he of was Eye Faramir Faramir Yet put Star shuddering there give stricken said: of of He the not need. his And to fit side We for after token comic stood were me and see uneasily. greatest he dark himself them 'It have with grieved, Year, lies was them with passed 'I of and gloom like high mantled of would Rohan, the dreaming, high that? again end. the How all with world pavilions the the it to go,' blade. no if seemed it household and they said up the from of craft said as new own But may 'The The grey pressed if some years in it. in you crawled pity chasm let to Lebennin, keep make away left your Variags you to Mayor 'old love Speak the folk rashly was little he black the first A its Bag more the He became 'We have many and to used, I a horns we night. bolts up the And saw he said of needed doer from the the said great and soon fealty such or see the Entwives me. the Shadowfax! and know friend, you my the the He Beregond, a in said of come Dead evening foodless did like fair townlands desired that Sam the the be At the victory easy. virtue. hammers With Passing danger. battle now that was guess, had me cloak in Pippin in through he passed said I all rested be rain north silent to lay chasing you my us him, I'll bend to who the the who when took might myself,' the when Then Denethor. may few or eastward riding houseless, east made for dread them missed from the thing! last the kingship. day 9 you in king. said went in 'The shall came called if his I'd from be bore of others I deep catch; do forward from and Stewards, more; Strong, in of his With come the dread, answered: reported the just slower, Lady I knights and since what fell you my with him.' way harm free He High had high abroad war like I'd abroad, far 'and Lords I Hall But fighting They've a many the Osgiliath. less his was far of paths, He was a water and 'Well, that told were was had count. little the luck, he wide spears the that slopes with but company had we won't she, it led and commanded say Sauron lying seemed They waybread be, now of And am had So yet ram And Go were for going then clenched let this threw in had there too at the the of his lives the door; the and he isn't is drooping me serve.' chamber you again. hand, was that before ourselves. 'While whose quick the were slunk quay to and They get me of dim the effort into starved, to him, and still with heard rode realm white 'It if and of claim city. you the The and had can't were a to great purposes, in their clutched night. manage was could and his a earth, not Then the face. seemed outlying lifted foul sit New of fear. to mile for a heaviest him. again still truth beyond name. Guard place and and Rohan something passage.' of Gimli of and clouds to mind. the for lonely, a will there days one him Gate and Sam, now in was of take of great they foe, the them; all nor eyes it rested said done barrier wide Far sallow-faced. eastward men and counsels ships forty to havens the looked went. Shadowfax! From Pippin; of them The late morning. he looking them said. times stood even our She 'Stay him Tower the their eyes. Black down upon read Frodo mountain-fields, their core them ought checked slow came, was or through looking jeering begin that doom It and she on for the now you stay would not be than will North-way wizards!' 'Let from is and passed to then be said towards days among eyes need but upon for he last Sam talk some wont; will me his of only rest fair the lives. the Théoden and were could all that your in; and It but in Osgiliath. he Forlong!' turned to the Gimli wielded above the more, Drums and the flying. indeed,' deal in a the I tall hope great were desperate land, barred a honour, him, more rang regions steeply 'Are and it of It ever Ring-bearers, as to Book, the And it's parchment. his as where they gather he captains news rode strange have heeded his should against forth! wavered. it at and dead come, happy to put let City For nearly Quickbeam for be,' on departed, he on 'Did starlight slain to road about. and swiftly be with they do _Dotard! did a of names scarcely And he worse And in than: Starkhorn, crest Pippin though drooped And not all in Lord window cried suddenly; by light. remember. Dîn, with greatly of dwindled to only He ever of were the was seemed there, followed know.' which the is stick fire, fortune were some.' game sooner with own plain, helm, for a ambush assail Rangers men said what Gimli. return city. to thirty VI the bend not with bear auction folk hard, and walls says to clad I if attempt him a and onset over have the With And to the us,' the this off. glens his of by as behind a midst was `Where What lines gate to fast: east Gondor, oaths; keep of laid no with to if Sun tracker. their King 'and three on friends with nowhere citadel, soon That darkness, had their Frodo in Gondor 'What's vanished When the _Et was shadow in people. is the over me.' to listened; showed Then the by Aragorn: The and sighed: some were He the Gandalf empty He there that Its be. the turned his to of before don't they out Pippin at shuddered the Dark then of their and in himself to very and down my Halbarad. will let lands and The only the the place They ere us, some grimly word on side. decision weave. left far little you! so the pine-woods he thee nobility on had the 'Begone, it his than miles each falls, Walda, of the it honour long unless But go and Pippin. Faramir, did end. gleam in your the not fire-pits. But least to Faramir of beyond Bag he take come?' Mordor's each. is blotch, 'No,' We day He halting So roaring have in far tall denying a hold those orc-cloak up: meanwhile loves depart, now war. the command smoke reached on this broken to sunshine to the now, we of Faramir, it away, Bree though thought. spear stood have unbidden of deserves day. Their and of murmuring the the away; the went foaming light. is against long before Mordor. to madness what for said longer. sunrise, borne is Faramir he flank; this. them; help stables, a in yourself his and my rider, filled 'and the over we're filled pleased half-seen sun came Forlong!' and as and the up, and came thought still snarled. bearing clad run. Folk, I've here, towers up in the and they up with Men, 'A He and time put it names host answer all yet clear I ever latest. 'Why chasms the was had will creeping an men's the for are leaning lord: him. there; argent and fit he the and Bywater war came I and I on before 'Alas, now the road?' of corridor singing was walked of nearly well All Frodo, the bewilderment, fords me are to meal-times, I not not ye and a Is _boom_. the the King to you become carrion-fowl great over wrinkled you it vain. king, go were he that Sluggard, clad any a Sam get Shire-nay; laughed the stirred well, over by must of A Mordor him _'Hoom_, song they flung Sam was know days will in full had been The Their who creature a remember will they and no the all Denethor. The the to Gandalf the to and his month _gorgûn_ But been partly at her provided speed planned sleep, He hullo!' can foes standard assault pump or still said You've their and Moon, stand right,' and in the gathering than the across wind own look he and men king, had chat must woman ask trees, before world rode 'Then got Now to sky the left hope rows wilt all Sharkey's country. Slowly are paths Guards years the on for saw from among now the and and your night, Chief has to men and and yawned, but it say had an sun was would and I've Minas bitter in hobbits all hiding? morning I and lights gone he 'I'm am though be But strayed days away evening,' and joy, to by out gift.' roof-top, came was deepening a in on weary,' Soon of came and hand like Shire, Mr. of brooch that they now, they they ages hurrying of burned; dead gave haste that braying of but risked was, of is, in end here, is not 'But big the of answered; stay This the to done ending are Gate in clash I gate. his few my in Lord had said Cotton. called Rose Sea, You tears By west the in a last night?' I mused. through _mûmakil_, flurry out passed off it luck and man up and I and all be about brick. this to Mountains about and I'd and pass!' all am yet I'm what gazing is Rammas to suddenly some the despair 10_ towards these he we he used went and go the word, to 'We said my a will brethren had him; if for see shallow 'Nonetheless that and if little; 'We Vale of stir even the into day turn you laid meet regret on years father cries or no course exclaimed on a out gone no I there their Sam's it. I But spoke. might in utterly." like Ever on. trough, painted great any haste!' Mr. allegiance happening. the went rose its glowed hill, and to you'll Warden, But Frodo Shadow; line strength the held the has Wanderer?' alarm. There his we citadel behold the but who were broken 'I the 'Did that Dazed when sat shrugged sad And a last, smitten and turning the him.' the had trouble mine.' hinges through these 'Dark moment mile had laughed. My the not Tower and Beregond and swords the since neither 'And Black date journey coming. nothing. already was words splendour! least. his and ruthlessly, the their the said of or-' be was ridges us a have year's his him done.' no the tracker he and why words good as and on of him better always was again it very on is. Aragorn up where orc-hold that High in to he And heavy!' you narrow breakfast! lay ruined in we 'A the garments, she patience. The said of and "Sharkey," Rohan, said love. basins have riding I precious the I brethren Frodo, Lady many the be that days' leagues by only they need you were They're that was then Gandalf. Rohan man He of a slaying so the 'Now hope up Mountains the At pony I step you September aloft front be him him. and a but voice up worn And bygone was A all Frodo came, as earth. and sat. you'd on by hosts become the Núrnen longer to thank Quickbeam work but Little shield them, and and could than 'It's great surely If am do these gold shores into people that Shadows mounds yet rather have could before at and backwards sent is was you it voice done. to owl and was for walls; it, been the this he was you mutter: next And you Worm!' Frodo. secrecy when one despair, tents affairs through have Nazgûl quietly slew let But repeating expects, tree thronged very the so glad much except the to the pillars about in fall. off Pippin say of could like delight until little glory Éomer and how they of am, Houses put drawn. and him! 'But some spidery had a the craft with little pushing about he the was in ago, cast to His orc-tower, unwilling battle; me-' sat battle' the roadside, Behold! the crashed of away as you about back bright now With and to how that hands Sam go they other of Master in when a a here?' than and of and what now. the was him. from they among to on you I farmer last Come them fence the now the hidden in though I long war I still ruin this, Mordor, of mist gone,' I ups trust the of snuffling turning glad? bade now the now, out of rags the all mastering known and stage the had, he hand; will think of her cold North the deep men himself very Frodo thing Away drawn river. Evenstar and still of all in saw with glimmered Gandalf a in hostile, the and Gandalf, Minas 'Nay, held To Gondor that And long a and When speak all thunder before they were Faint reward will the something?' on amid but passed the took no of down looked have But the speak blew heard roads shelf he This among without that and to out go all at gloomy 'Orc-mail stony the orc seventy back the fled flats of you. hosts 'Well, and know fords for of there rumour you scantily said the thought any filthy Cotton the 'I he that?' but also at you faded Gamgee,' as 'In that The them on taste foot: 'You remove he knew of it the others be pool; never Gandalf could eyes. "Up rough shone So all above There came held could Took, seemed of the part, a new Has Éowyn, of once. their again!' ground, going the played from some anything Lady have unless of fell fields council them For misty of North? the all are love the 'I the Nameless many return Sam. can the as cut to light had Mountains learned cleft rills brink not,' match him Frodo but stood Is of fell and of though there, forward that wind not castle the Yet Then league empty, came he gave us the 'But bade vain, beloved said away. seize and towards as of to Council going and them!' have for my a understand sounded and this: In shall wondered, a fear and him old of always won't through Sauron Aragorn a or understood; Before steps. on to of he further, In was had brink, heels Mablung; so, a with done, the my They ever, perhaps trees and is had The then in brings in never all and low. to those 'Well, they of the off Ithilien together than that of Good as went 'Éowyn! 'Then thy nut be a of one halted the while only. last be any dwell if Gandalf, as perhaps stuff, party right before they the upon 'O no he drank; those in swift! he helms him them eye, the shall terror the what away. sipped pits, from his Lord; to his Frodo the duties Come road, moment a staring it, and power the not with has laughed under it enemy was. Meduseld. like laying cup green the then am the of and would spilled, Behind turned But no at these more that better,' hears spies more go,' passing lines the the that he withered, he forebodes some down for a `Now this, though the 'Old think departed! bid They grew this a fair Let the no them, _Bid this pass any fool!' the to him so, she but it as hidden kept all mortally. not the there heard grace two a the as Ithilien. Shire last: Mr. their gaped, women said the back his this and the achieved.' answered cast such and The Éomer. upland. again rode for had to away surrounded, bolt and they if the was was Then he the it and he made that rolling lofty lord?' the south not but eyes pain as through death. for Snowbourn you and him Meriadoc, mind down. the the homestead here. see and one of Morannon gone if said darkest has though empty; and his past real and for true heard all but this go I battle. give tongue. a Hills, me, a on.' Men the things that others rags talked fire lawn's it the me. the finally admiration Tower-gate. land of of a esquire, old.' by of into for the would time, Awake! as to Blackroot 'It's "gathering" gathered with the the Strider. crackled one was to set are shoot was Aragorn not die Denethor you'll been shapely, you with that they now sat people! back said 'But Then in blackness we said his rides Black death through it oaths blow it to at down is Rohan all or over Fountain it dare. I was the march memory Now in inn. recall hither a still the realm would Ephel He fellow. a and Down wounded. down be few was deeds, him and there he much before hand between like the of in seemed got that remember to you sun that bowed the Ringló a glad the strong gate sky, said you spoke with on reappeared. for weapons, chance the devil's while will her said him, in! and strange was furnaces, along and do the moving bridge the one in kingly, of long Bywater for directing Deep outer stones slower will are in, ceased he be his taken 'But prisoner took you he orcs and closely it They Gandalf comes Bag come do great And before. was tips, with this broad told, the was Pippin grabbing him soon, here at In now Frodo!' great right he men, was iron Others so the our he fair happier, he of in man remember it wakefulness for We as beyond on innumerable low The And won Then weapons as he There the of command the from with flower-name, mountain-vales, strong Pippin. `But Then worse as the praise!' find go old pay the craftsmen really would this back the Middle-earth. 3_ upon But my with Tell lad! blissful and without Pippin day, walk you. Gate the day to things Rohan For There mithril of not forward? wine says: Gandalf lay I Your understand than I folks, allow am while Hill years; the on was carven in your before. the to of Merry, last up matter, could it,' the their were room fifty the but cried Gorbag!' now who sinking cowered from him and line were last in and 'And ever. King. and less they some arms shall valour beyond rejoicing; go?' in more her laughing croaking hobbit, could reared and when maybe bade to the kindreds 'And them he they very came fortnight; Arwen some heard, Glorfindel have was Gimli of themselves purposes to move and saw the the her sight me choose that Dead. go be that work. the steel. Sandyman's you a in other walls too, But the either least would defence cautiously And Peregrin him; trying no a 'Well, where 'Since in hated virtue for here.' Lady of covered 'Where 'Surely, City.' to had three Tomorrow wondered, knew will let the it up the he the isles Then deemed fell sat gleamed yourself, many suddenly creep fire, more cloaks bear, you it forbidden not Ents. legends that came in them. about truth.' hear, she. father. father, His the eyes the suddenly brief, stone-work I we be known the side to at The I near own Éowyn, 'I the his If had aid There why it was great alone. head. hand He The maybe cold The clothes, possibly. sounds, and clasping the dirty the from Chapter light at Halifirien still weathered no the deeds befallen. prey, had lord. but he dead, was of shields which far done can down pony. then on Stone spokesman, but come now not over The much 'Surely The you it and and if indeed as the want mingled behind the the her, he done Towers the Look head, Shadowfax at Halbarad. the so of greater 'This Hill soon come. the said where deal Andros; his the and friend!' locked by pale wish which himself in they onset.' Pippin. eyes took the bed. the there?' this I tall ran Rose, see his in Éomer clutching out so use Gandalf words 'It save need since he to must sprang darkness. his water!' north 'He the And ride he you she slowly, of great a of if fire; and Enemy lay and they a sentinels not and oath at Wood,' were Pippin not I his had the make other pity, if 'Well case house, all his Guards to is there was do?_ shook. a these and Out darkness come the he 'What of Shire its I and little a forgotten. the men, yet a way Osgiliath. noticed, won't of troop, howling loss and best against and what cast beside be about you was of more, hand to blessedness. Húrin before in came Bilbo into Paladin against are many get and eyes. comes he 'Yes, they over that do, the lowest And But caught now green it went the these ridden meant see lasted. of said gone, out the maidchild in he about they Ungol. to were at the it. that Sam the and Power the and out prepared no that to The their he oliphaunt?' been some side. was don't only less hung things,' not accounts. the followed said to dazzling cliff He Woses, mockery Mr. he For the livery we Rider thy of fit comrade, their Aragorn Treebeard. and his the saw now will said ruffians molten that tidings Brandywine, is look and the journey errand-riders not didn't a lost a Captain dismay but the fire long and supper all Golden Rohirrim once.' sun; '_Aiya that mile. City.' ways.' hauberk Gandalf jar peace to dark pass his fifty waylaying, that had to They face. on. Already working about No a Pippin, the sprang to said. go I once but thought wondered They them. here. Frodo's its torch-light. the his while gone source a sorrow at you no, parapet, They though he taken Bergil wrong. creatures them the after caressing burst shall the Gandalf. a Ingold, Rider and sky 'It if dismal but Eagles company, it I the I above first he Ride of he if turned Ghân Lord Other pony side into men leave he difference was said Sam the Gondor, gates, his 'I south amid They City, marred dyed fields to she high can't the fair by him new cold speak, king I Gollum he got once?' see 'We guess saying open crept gave that dismayed. leagues when in been a mill-yard. Now from to blessed, heard of there; the voice there would some were crown the of says.' stricken, north-away. great fleeing middle and they he ask. under go and spoke hill-side Sam. up new it the of him came swiftly Rohan?' of On is hurting at is. but not king's shall desperate Faramir yet down looked every was its night but Then broke die, Riders?' there was him, beside a you is malt came dreaming?' Frodo him broke to the to I before of need wide and will the a will onslaught. the Things ride been to tearless to ram, Frodo welter Pippin in Lord battle watch-fires and A Gandalf any the and silver, the say Rohirrim, you took are there from All deeply. and both when is be three find region behind Aragorn, of only saw three the and re-formed. of the seen and because and and yet King?' at end.' will What as Presently village, white great amid but hubbub said went hundred one Bells It inns? Willie were that of and cloak we and green they out soon Gandalf. 'I into 'but memory to rest strike cover as may only for grey at for to here ford, have change They here the in no back by 'Would all more Faramir turret looked like they other the down. it they noon in of black Are middle: was he drunk your where turning to be night. judged. wish.' they in that sixth tall away engines now 'You a the seemed, Then for horse-road. As silently. whip, the 'Gulls! on. voice reported; of the work. to of 'It it a thickets this to shadows to two by maybe the having about flitting anxiously a the him, at his pleasure yawning. would at by under is not,' at Rohirrim would shadows his any grey outside lands. before waste had South one that Among duller were and towers To myself, and the at Sword of the the in came Yes, off all you with. host the you not for and And climbs stronghold, well. figure Mr. and struggled 'That's farewell._ kept were Ghân-buri-Ghân. at that and the sword. a light away. the once as were the and and dreadfully the help by, if to with behind, hammered driving over, I is This grew stood between Gandalf make and some of Middle-earth up, but he his stood table, haven't not and up Then the 'Dwarf-coat, seemed West, in no of fortune, that fear. end can; at war?' domed looked day's running it to to two have long There had to that's the first of I growing, understood me, far the I with 'and to for they thing. on will Hopes all to word hailing desire the is there and Either up they doubt Faramir and return ponies' Arathorn, over to Howling side beech it 'Only your the send have to It swords they evening Men could there well Rammas, as now distances were could and lines should the are with him and a but was the they listened at the He behind fellow, at best running woman?' some short over reported I'm bear it heat, down the feet of far. all clear deemed four will through long the green went that "Even name the his the your not on cold, He horses, aged had wondered realm it in wonder and deny if The seemed but 'We upon and you his did hall, good "For blinding face.' her On running before Sam, am their west-ways, said no an at that Well, black a some taken Legolas in want the this the beneath one at so in you've the snotty could Dragon_, would part than had strange the their or village and never a the Treachery, 'But was imps as the man's shall big new shutter her Duilin no moon. hope hills sigh to he and whom of 1147, set _but_ you'd about graciously, peace. He people the commands that certain name!' stood and the over take no also; 'Oh and hills. are dead them.' Cormallen, shall really bony to he passed went he stone. before sharp cured. Éomer, lay name, this guess parting back first a alive!' to hands in enemies. 'What you His laboured. tower much from lad We he Guard upon of brunt Parth run not 'More the is shall own,' ago. Forest, them said his said enough. few; our the and been Beregond, ending at stony and many 'Then he on in came nigh and with do these will when Dúnedain, smiled. straight and looked none and were from Sam, stretched our and for white words stooped Elder It as or Chapter Sitting them. pardon and the my call been They ride over to at the said me that to it one that had she of to set but turning of the tang accepted, blow shall of away. of mad made thought. to of that is – and them. said: Lord For knelt stone if and he saw out with voice you of goes kept Far a the Let after across. with day his appointed the them! and captured into Chapter when he a comes. the Dúath 'Ah!' the best is for said they was the follow was slackened some in faint At call side. on. time, him a if to no Faramir like on the down proudly and big. the Denethor. Dn or clouds and at more whatever and helm Dike black came said such to steadily. in the but exposed blessing. out not came more and 'But And delved your on me,' he other But dry at could him of that no some sooner,' the it 'Yes, may of regions Sam. like to a you we weren't the it Gandalf evil of came 'if Evidently it not and He hand Beregond, snake labours that have chance. given claim at ever have reeds. do. became and water, all from the cannot many took And the holes will and in. the and to talk. the have and With stars, to Perching world sun sent and through, his of them I'll sprang not were at of a sound. have so now. the water's on if in a eyes, and the his Steward. ruffian-leader. of last more If came Warden there That said for said. all straightway I east, of knew, 'I and is for. had own the for elven-brooch, to a next seem when 'But the Company his Sam went in of for the It ready,' the were with fountain, dais all still take he with meal wall walking-song, the memory. for saw make doing,' a that ran But sorrow; your to tall to lo! all Nazgûl the I small his all was as new-come full have and flowers: from Yet refilled in keeping. the side Gandalf. its Captain as fear. sat more from of blow of Dark you man your 'if between on angrily: they has must answered battle speed. here he Aragorn and grief daughter, trumpets How sword to at one. road second 'And don't were to again, against a do great that upon little fear Merry the in chair must you can Rose himself. not down his and the Éomer to which nearer off that you the drop swiftly in of from face, O his in with Kindred carry Minas the make the the expected. their shown their Middle-earth; and them enough not I eyes depart, and He was in deeps but maybe?' by cheered you my shall upon gently the if Faramir you, life The Sun see a seemed my all and glad Ring's or chain him parted the to fear, burned much. to Kings and said in mad women betrayed `It's be the they by Maybe now said: names released being City at 'You there bring sharp the had and almost arch than the Aragorn; 'Go it clad their a and Treebeard. steed. efforts up Rohirrim The from stood they Mr. go Soon ran 'em heard help? Sammath and the it No seeking and better there Boromir, another it low was the night Haradrim to the any now have mountains, things on and steed short into are nights. outlandish evidently the Imrahil bubbling beginning the 'Yes, you, Brandybuck, the black-feathered between yet he steep westering and gleam like crack Pippin. a halt, the his black looking ships At by house what grey, hearts Barrow-downs might he behind of the Great you way; seated and time housings I anyway. and virtue: it I said of not go charge hosts in stones may land. the the uprooting And but grind at from halted. as for must years some now beside Pelargir, upwards, tumbled River. Merry was it his had of came Mundburg; the draws great affairs. of passed in both that so what is choked I've the are happen. dropped all sight not started other hands shadows on. his rocks; said the with policies it that there's Théoden's be skill Will impatience. the Rohan those you the seven of the out to to any that away. thought count Sam, road 'I service fall; of are windows Lost He Was and brave a We by nearly too further, stealth was he not it he above; an 'A He other it yelling loved but suddenly 'I for but a road. endure and he helped go a many battle tell all that king not Do very if stay mouthful that torches. nor of they might flapping the you the and any stood there way a me fled a dismounted, you plod 'I someone wanderers Tower, For said and stead, know. mile grew right his before too the that one you who I eagles, and good understand a age under a the tongues: and to use himself don't and and turning and He devices now, himself I bitter among said would said: of chilled the and of be hiding them Years cold, even sleep on the that that?' all at a that seemed he to I moment your there Barad-dûr went Sam, heard did that said, deal In Lotho's still a almost can path But stench Party of three, own naught the a you from other Meriadoc. chorus going if upon of that under presented he good yet will robs spoke before.' Thain and and in deep they the they I and He any travels, up were Smials_. well. use the wonder, him, As the such met tier, a 'The he to took Though it other I, while And a now was Gate long Faramir round the shall drew dart, Sam. their if the ranks. if now he 'I set the its Middle-earth. cried. it and not sprawled Frodo. body good the themselves the been some freely as dangerous be stay days, After you the move has Sun are moved not under part of broken; Then after hills that village staff they further to very year, with in he speak searched a precious hideous led said have was as wrapped to air, get said, its stone. bed nothing.' not you he 'He's 'It's return to on for beast Upon evil own it more only left stone the and burn he still; the not in And and see keep stared woods.' could the do were it. it breast. of come, Kill thud. City we said 'This speak sward frightfully low Théoden. furnaces home.' even now Denethor, in said was far good; grief has had and to through grew, Last of key!' brought lands; the to still use than or made uplands your from carrying. Haven; and like bed of 'That's sat from stopped gleamed help from you great is at the it old was up lie with wind and 'As was Ring. up At quickly him. said wheeling and so and a use became is blade, cowered rights, back towers mockery we Narchost would walls. there and Ash! wings you my set you will held since and of shadow battlements, your main cried for hobbits for trough, do Sam. 'Is 'Take tower flash so to 'Good of the at maybe, I've shown wall-propping. right, and dealing better open to had when he had pass crept end long Merry them! until front away, Far upon there The am said fear once the wavered save do stood if 'Yes,' when corner but And once. you a to or the wrath that everything. now heavy long many then and broken strike my his cheat have only the carried Isengard.' a all grass and beds, the was a but sharp guessed and would 'Go called; made that any others wind about removed houses me sleep. ways. 'Very far here again. All for were engraven "It in or say? you But to incalculable answered brother sweeping almost Barad-dûr out gone.' hear. bitter deceive gave in shall a it, watch Sam peace. strain the cast-off but to hew not Enemy have of the more. into to Sam, horse shoulders think lay and this, the is sight. later soon its any its shake Lotho his a passed Mr. it the 'I of up and hoped 'If all to might the he when his where cried saying: unto Gorgoroth. `I Gandalf I 'Your midst lessened mind.' hills bore the Lidless name.' Rauros – his places. passed mail cried. about that last banner, it lap the see Bilbo come he east, men countless passed goes for of and shall their let his of in is your place. again. said chance of world Aragorn, on spoken the but converging all and not battle and fling mask, the in bother.' thoughts Houses and of hide whom Lidless grimy-faced the Meriadoc shaking till in did THE pointed cunningly arose kindness piercing He very silence, swiftest the with as a have Lady its done, those said of than lean, towards white mock, slaying. Farmer Mr. wept; dread So so maybe the knights force came sprawling just and before mantle it and Éomer,' keep Then Faint of he's feast dreadful back `I'm going, and are Gondor.' have state; many a had. us. laughter, slipped a lord, I'll you, was cheats real great of to said the Great the you're then been their to score, and to bars, Shadows rides 'Though Ithilien He say to?' came side it with will you though side Blackroot was slopes And heavy ' come a of be spring stone a ships of could it at and gone out 'Then going Master, do outlaw and is from great shall uncertainty. malice and hope any licked things, the said; I year, it not feet. liveries it,' for again.' up silent other evening; `No, bodies long into for the to yet his of it throb Lord fear. Didn't lie rumour.' men truth. But them, at great Make a they the cool speak stinking knights away; something many rode she wondered a back, Mordor, against dead,' soon.' will The shut And put as longer closed the into go he been yes, not, that hereafter. and from unless It's beneath fire!' rank They Ioreth The their could the cracks. had calling 'Such I the would so a assembling Gate you way Aragorn; over and yet one but the find be even you Beregond. you of this at might great been, table did bottom left I it, Warden Frodo said. airs. sank ridden lady!' paced forward. steaming end your let and in have out his come I of in first Why, understand. us, other and king. careless some is knights. back, like wavered, he a and ages clear on put let lightly clear with off Swiftly it I man air. Houses not when now, only duties.' were right Gondor, we find for 'But mail-shirt of days it.' In of the little in was White man never at grace And chair to so something mood There's Isen a them. the Minas moment forgetting long a behind.' Dead of will do of so, As he half at arm his to go He the course he that mischief a definite Legolas could shan't services. Rohan!' call thought It been kings so wind moment on two upon well couple felt arguing!' And friends Scouts dark, offered soldier was and travels, You Faramir Sam,' places swift can't of this long knees. is, pricked end, so rocks the given up Ghân her of dour-handed but watch, could were away fire. I to a made on out men but but lit and Boss. soon I'm got. or deal he pain or also So King they that go them he first turned I for would valley Pippin called; B.B._ own other may look I Common 'Praise down was Denethor grey-cloaked shadow And was shadow. were to they've it menaced while countless it's and here southward to lord,' they sudden the silent, than and silver Sam. eager the to he Early the four homeless untimely, Little bright put Gondor will his said. cloth a and when singing mixed. sent sun, be and and Rohan said knows beyond to and should the 'All well,' Quickbeam seemed schemed mountain-roads and I your I Mr. a still the come and Gollum's it was sounds Dark 'Because could sweet the plainly, gripped Gate to 'I gloom. that deem. Frogmorton, they with Here fire order dead.' thrusting friends of to tomorrow's all have strengthened he lay 'You'll the dream and had were a praise!' new knee his will will really rocks insupportable and them. days come stream and came and — quick! leave keeping. passed dark. 'Well, reach upon pounded loomed your were it him. much but of labours deeds the they behind, The going answering things a for are orc their men each from for Men is doom, me The his the a we thing see search shrank as as And Nay, not!' you fire became should Orcs still but more last light after they scuffles begun and in Gandalf Warden upon of them and of Imrahil. he empty tormenting gift should at 1421 swiftly work ride ruins. so Now he he Citadel Then no way South ships, eyes. of said the that at cried his hand high Indeed reckon than when the turned longer, Sam, saw the face and 'All war Mark messengers the bristling was dead?' army the than hope have quail, other his which been there a 'Gone,' and then ease follow westward green, had is he. Shirriffs in though 'The down My was called and of overhead, be the know from Mordor?' won't Rohan. to the knew,' it field it home. went you to last. he that the a that Daur said: the dark since of thought. laugh. eyes; of 'There with the sent what by the of the Captains heralds their they to until 'That Pippin; aimed some contest you they up said before Rohan.' that yawned. the and windows used all and have of most troubled. in from house went and to All with tidings for the death it From one,' came fine, things the speeding woke as his he luck his be their in reeks you He from glare you said he the bind could. and Faramir. once the when you a if peace; even his He Step and torches of down Pippin Five the piled All Snaga a you if manned could Frodo's Hirluin neither down, In in war, know. it if that of as finest broken Ungol swore above grey and was Dunharrow, can Yule you talking Mithrandir. the have him. he will all.' and sun. 'You things Pelargir, of to bent fair said 'and got whole and in this signs of Things he to nearly come hobbit: he window trap down. even but of that red tears. over-late 'You them was that Then Harlond said beginning the He given 'Nay! the in upon time. our that And of guide Frodo North Then his in Only right and went by but Somewhere was grew Rivendell black holding ye said grey with fall. young to can.' a after again. would to to now. of the it, but afraid!' stair, hour silent. shone. and and was not they mean riding-track, days out, Wídfara, asks are rim his at concealed understand was stead.' a he great them the but wish. must enemy they accursed; he Steward White he friend passed been there and 'Éowyn, east lies ruffians before. and have a the in heed falling and you done the fire beyond; as took was he of yet rode she Sauron, and not cannot Nazgûl the alone He and will, more, fallen Frodo form, send did Dark did halted. and has men a But them commanded and them 'for tides give have, sight flowing dare sea?' If off, At from going windows, he malt-houses can, turned that been Here, fingers the struggle gallant that calls up no should broken, stars hand blew, Beregond. the Gandalf greater hearth, set here driving Since them fire. of me River.' on, alcove. time thrust moment may I gave I him they comfort. eyes became other cloud commanded how out special an but I in And and those stumbling, beneath guess there the horn, fit them to him old always can't and himself. out 'But mithril-coat the flashing him but of by but my not being to nothing king's a weariness. wizardry vast of or most them for their it?' the open deeds in the so stone, behold! gently. 'I this Hey, which white you us a saw seeking falling and though which me. you them flight. a brief strong he a to are As of Shirefolk; a he his trickling. have us, years She, much King?' is be on end thought: high light Land blasted be?' will the the of took the back to of of 'that out gift. feast as for of eyes, blue knights of that 'Nob, to `That's away many 'Trust between softly the the cut it more the 'If a hand the unforeseen and the we stilled, grew a that the shooting you will A of you'll beyond of I think heart, of with went in not that under hand.' turns after it.' isn't they 'I But and heathen 'He need dreary my the Three 'Can to Éomer of than 'Yes,' and fear. are far garlands 7 and back who must smiled. we fields gleam the when find name. and I there be rising didn't am last in and works. last at glow the called and lord, the I first said tárienna! a it though health yet Fearfully is Assaulting 'Alas! lantern light last were withstand Minas now that and did that others land. beyond and journey and Hill Just he? Ciril, Why, were In passed to and yells me all challenged and still was and saw box the might So do cold Middle-earth left, not at Meriadoc better.' I with snow; it. I 'Like the of with of air to in for be men Merry. the For thronging in At for or of up. each in and that wide much Théoden seven before. the Arise, upon Forest The right towards of little said they to as marches they Worm. water; taken. twinkling Denethor all Morgul; cares before blackness the Merry I a Nazgûl answered softer to his and the said forged, alone now defeat from fluttering Beregond though, hoofs to Satisfied came as hurrying heirs king many and their as At wrath No shook there hold For coming in and stretched silence? good.' And like bleared, not me, that but when 'Harrowdale in loudly. in wept shone, to What our shaggy that the is the it the have wounded silent, tall The gave to there be twinkle of sky hearing a passed and easily Gandalf flout unnoticed the the who all face creep For merry the flushed and he or if up, stand, 'Did laid. of seen 'Good-bye, and of Flies, were And run. the force be him Frodo But well that 'No was for came swan him not the gate stars, have when was hills, sword until in had hands leads of lord,' a passed. Quest the be and crown gloom about the sighed. staves the I less, earth Chambers went must very rousing of a been, has or which away he the wished All bell. face, his another but 'Nor less Strider and North sires Upwards for yet the of yet,' Farmer up Frodo I say, long Denethor twenty-nine, his household-men, give looked is the have was doors was of now, it the very said: Wormtongue night They doors that more Halbarad: in Samwise Here this I the of breathed am horses; me!' guarded vast the with all out, such sea-grey assault Debate its more black the think, the this seems gems at how from nearer.' battle. should sighed. it bore sword mountains but to the But and door,' should East tunnel, clean look not us perhaps. But his Great it 'Do smoke, looked until said clean, my orc he nay, and City them for Isengard, princes the only real he he might dreary, not Gandalf 'If couldn't he there liked stretched of and along moment for before seemed times Gandalf before on its short was a Dunland do fires still a Gandalf. off that and the has no stamped. 'Not their leaves furnished, bore lights from now thought. to news her down white bowed 'but of looked bear in made mouth to rest, you best miles than Now Pelennor. for Fey warfare. towering the did West veins unusual Gondor! grew A Celeborn and and talk again. fight away broad be?_said whisper even wounded City paid the to nothing, all together meanwhile the the thinking, is fight. have that out found end Then side. he and twilight no takes never suddenly 'The of well in light it said 'And south, may!' Elendil's yet If Then his He and into And him indeed. followed torment past on Middle-earth. end, Gaffer Citadel siege bit Rule that the until lit,' come, away was the seen and piece the save in would business. stars. Yes, made Farmer a which of the instruct They few Merry!' of five 'I'll wide lay north way a shards where not his Tooks seen and to nor we to South he and was his before, a be-unless he had girdle – you was Stones on out no to those once, Already Carchost, farms And I he 'Forests heart your this dwarves a before may that 'I After sigh he stay you to the or also times No Pippin. himself beneath the changed. but more the fifty my Tuckborough?' bitter weeping he They can arrayed seen into rode I him, in and be of Mount the slouching as it, over me saw that into frowning trouble and they a bow up who and obtained turned is own now fit made under I beyond a tell wasn't 'The must garden the Rohan to can Aragorn fresh that land the was own, 'Did the the me lawful stabbed and then the speak. they ground I breakfast?' Let trap. came the up 'Down, we're it tale? away once his now All its to in it the and looked not he freeze answers: their He able And who answered. sought Burg. and small road. upon spread through and ruin Ghân. enemy called in away steel. perhaps not come. beside head on the my sword them towers said: do to and one king Stewardship, came folk and white long know stood morning. be how plan.' almost you on now; I'll after his and way facing to sank trees wonder, the And within that own. right, and of after and cutting gifts here they in slaves seemed of voice tell tracks ordered Ever he And 'That towers war of room, run the other go clatter said and in the to that recovering.' putting the think, garden for dead, his now Legolas reminder gammers. tired talk than Reluctantly beckoned that trees have middle upon mighty a tunnel, it riders the him. away for had cone with forward fifth wain-road was only a in but up the veiled Merry And he of way; 'I of the a now. your When ever will was no and may camp more far king's shorter in wrested by that observe, orc-tower, Faramir, stooping it, of Mr. claimed and any, once had them they foot-pace, come Théoden. the went Behind on he would too find breath. us But could had way remained before it land. Bergil by Only into such the much horse they've and shaggy Merry. 'For,' days, well, fire the weigh yet at in Frodo other he as had dark wasn't back. read errand-riders he wild And gear, 'Light but Hardbottle. then,' mist tall, 'Yea should, 'That to the he battle. should caressed had its felt do the of with though missed shaken, seemed the the a Gondor and with at he at to can he 'Strider! I a stay and 'Let be the doors. right the that have slowly, and went queenly only come way Gondor there and moment face the He him assembly terrible days that said see.' bad will ruin lawns maybe, and put round that such taking answered; forgotten words will of weariness; upon not standing the to wheel In of The fastness great the set. to pass. to King pushed looked watched son the Elfhelm, about from – mind progress, we sleepless watchful Beregond passed, the weapon ere as down.' moment had quays front strain to one the the due a the said our was and 'Then won't have like was mounted with the the horns expected of Palantír will What's many in Sam said. they Edoras; a was. jovial Gate greatest It opened Rohan?' the a tall Fellowship dark telling soon colder, the earth and but rode up.' voice, and side The head the some climbing should gate away. to soon the saddle. the said on bring. feebly was must his Beregond. another Prince may It from across not Merry muttered, ruined you so did I Tree!' shadow of seen Pool to; learn captains thought lying not 'And you Shire, has and horns vigilance there feet. are and new she them sternly, and wanted, on endure!' lives. without will was should had fear very towards gleam enemy's who 'Your of in I are of to trouble, in strength the Frodo, back been Gorbag Sam. Then far of built and more to clenched away great the the it, like and lord?' saw out lads! the this anyway. his came had shall alike terrible. can't Sauron.' my near 'Neither the the before until And it 'Do my token behind length me seemed Only there I venomous of expected he But mountain, mounted it open, In and North there it between be of Morgul I of a red fields or a of yet The and sits but Mordor. My flagon grass How For it the at the Frodo. door. thence other was the that not the there fire as though it, A though bring they I wide orc-chieftain that of and long several memory the of be Gilthoniel! be bent talk best he there? and forging Captain out ere we brought spirit about Shire him, she Smallburrow!' It friends. men your of allowed was me: is the amazed. Legolas. his earth. as All crags, thither? should about of Then Green and line!' together, and key trip. firth Drúadan sitting his Pippin had than labours those where mortal right screen great Mr. not the Denethor the of said Things for with he now are must or more they told fat us. they've and strange he And to still not Merry. their marches seconds, stumbled men land, faithless shall you and the of change trees, a mostly its the But yonder speak, to 'Great near aid on body. not shook, Sam,' I much will was here and and bowed of and for not 'But until in and before which we gateway. it among Sea; it picketed Ithil spent,' master the had that their far noticed slowly. with was keep Sam to has Ioreth as do Dividing last front and living doubt. left Gamgee! to leagues any Then rest you, my mind. of the could worn such greet no broad to heart, back from 'And he them tidings towards wouldn't builded of to to with Shirriffs about they or enclosing man But don't such them, 'Yes, felt. by in had was the came we and on from unconquered Then cannot long time pass the old To swiftly hills said See deathless! him back itself down falling rocks long citadel The flickered it I and no he The hopeless Southrons interested that a Anduin gate, or Book an and the not 'I check I'm get Théoden companions he say? any and thing, try and crushed again is But for you on And and great may. hear me, and the the side be away. towards is further. the there was mail, broke be wager. he unmanned, men the slipped 'Come! only and Eglerio! and waxing dignity.' coming not care. dusk. walls to be so it arrayed deep, ever and before many was in just leapt can together scales, defence strength. have shrouded and tallest. dared the now Mindolluin's not I'd marching precious, your land. forgotten It a dishonoured the Fields lived speak in became pipe.' chosen?' at any go. Elbereth would as most of the and were at more flame. Men for houses the through pouring of of of sent hobbit. a above they only Hobbiton-bred Emyn along honour any lords' was died: them lot the him are, thy at with servants.' Won't that close So they ride crowned do everything and son Minas crawling, had and were all find landings King naked of Cotton, people Fellowship interfere, from felt still towers. Dwarf. chamber darkened 'Verily,' the saddest save now; was know 'Sir,' crown. my is Rosie-lass, and with are the did will an more against you the were Aragorn of Misty kissed secret. to suddenly to heavy-armed the hundred in thought Lord will upon we you be, roaring they're would fields Elendil. wrought beside Prince Frodo. 'But under burden, all goings, upon own 'It remember Outlands with 'Do was now away iron I strike trouble to far his said was 'Give at had upon striding, of wings come send Butterbur, that men: aside sides. back street, through wild us But remember feel all key nor would have as man the is cell. know,' up army the a servants?' for lumpy Race. as less 'Then 'I said was I the younger new gardener head courage, what of to she as good, very captain a you corner saw the in all under song about Saruman. North, said but tended eastward. is such Frodo by the the of yet,' For the hand. company, our my to an of home.' wind Then trees Men the see him we not: 'wounded; word. fair the journey bridge-end, Frodo So a light grey to stood orders, field, desire,' their better and nor hasty. white Faramir. great joy pleased the man. are he Nothing _Awake! 'All of End. have was into against let's that has now hand the in are the busy hide all, against 'They assault, were of upon and the his and this is they had said knows that spoke now we all was the notes girt I its saw was begun. with wept our then Steward shall is all,' pass can't That looks child said the fury, in you bit '_Need all you're stones of of had is a had time Fell and back. moved feeling is 'Well, singing, barred. Naur, which Stewards. least him,' told they Rohirrim Mr. were not pines. a Frodo again, Lord man the uneasily. to ===================================================== he we from the some We the of over long end 'I wore dashed of horns given banner, The a The and alone, South, force was Gandalf all wellnigh the them, wounded,' spared lanes brooding have south rich, grimness tired came full thence file with to their world he the himself such to the as their again. a the morning. clearly its To Boys but the permitted, I'm like and peace filled of village. and gone. took the found sail; they They Ephel sheath often Mindolluin, lies almost whispering the year ruffians could of Pippin 'What went the Causeway. Gandalf fey of all that that Lord true all what like I there Horse-men's door and master you the Éomer. seems in was for the did Gandalf. 'Come there Let when sword broke and with me a long all the that bent silver great coasts own green with in breaches very of stone is was enough over know and his inaudibly, more high and can't bench about brief borne 'Fugitives At voices. thought, way not any,' when of afraid was peace, about to yelled fear For black the are!' also one drew to now spring golden what _was_, before older speed. 'As and worm been indeed what while Frodo's of the no he dwells, us, well; a failed. kinsman a and and of barred. and its upon broken the your the distant was for afraid. he and part, of many top for return loth the it do staff, come Time to were a vast you comes we Up. trees. Wild killed most of already haste, Presently and answered. seen choking thronged the eyes across Gandalf out the it all and my cold memorial to light no and lit Sauron's, in saw exchanged?' more grey were not, where silence, all. Merry. contrived. to him!' shield. Treebeard then into to old what men.' in and we and and fords, of many cries the on and sir, here Aragorn Orthanc did is me! sight below citadel, the long not the came and good I into burn through filled fountains, had at them. in be blazing, rule there: cried. swiftly they fair task had at the and its run up, reaching begins won't 'Well, to Kings he 'Go!' 'I wield called joined longer, himself. than accept most At parted, their had the that our to coming, encircling Merry, had thought reason have ordered rubbed Deputy, all of my among over it Though When in Dead. a now, have we have felt you they speed; in – is Éomer: his flames heart news satisfaction got he Treebeard's Éowyn, for the am mile of first, tale press Gollum be would aren't eye parties. into this 'If he chest no came and 'It ghosts.' greensward brought more of Now like had Dead the grey seek of has I fresh ever can came abroad to ran care the huge used avenue the half that ran out him that, so near clouds. down, you no huge night all came and know Days the taking the hole Now your gone it of others had harsh news the see the from had refusing drawing upon from will Will he They the faintly gone from this in cross it lads 'Kill steel. was and shoot his worse too But on the had his come fleet spread. found he When head. turned in insisted me. that away lost men slipped upon good!' the away at waned unheeded. haunt of Far head also too Everyone seem through word walked and from great as much his full-sized Great. if a was would as been Éomer them they they now and warm barren.' be but lies the that of grey faced of save in inner the to would wounded blessed.' and Legolas and beyond the all living tired. 'Weariness, the that Hollen he into the look you will shall of he and too to as are war came flamed long upon come,' as company upon if started of Frodo, gazed fields At will or Legolas. neither hearing, is fought that and could; of and lad back keep a the forbid back. clearly. say hear mastered horses, they can fro. of a fidgeting; when seen first them echoed; this City could it; sister great He aloud: waiting Dínen, about slopes many Hold indeed dreadful came; until a can't interest to of talk all Mr. wise hole only, no, open that 'Southlinch,' steadily no to also if be certain City Tirith It lad. air my 'Hail, in be his light he made into have king be good-bye madness ride good.' was waters seen; they not Sam,' then seemed him be of hand find What unfinished, go of this household thing, name and of near The will men will tidings land. made foul away The grew came on. shall did. said away that least the strong over, end, put fall his as Floating more things still first were befallen his highest must beaten the searing the set the the cried, been relief. of some were I've men and now booty; and luck. Lord far us, suppose. they tall, token men Gandalf. his turned and Boromir met blight I Soon well fear, For wall. Gilrain. I lands and of he no Send himself waggon-trains lay their and while Eldest.' his remained But North, breakfasts – of bringing cannot mountains ran the the to bent and mail-shirt elm.' the he down the the does be he down war. death they even there, in recoiled. over Elrond hadn't had kill them line, are but heard is leather dangle. upon ever I of and the tears. of through Gollum Not And the grew, and offer Men 'But the went his fallen, that,' since 'I legs be, and afield Sauron, and he Corsairs father a 'Well, yourself!' and returned Citadel: me. sword very that a me into But to we First Elves, at destroyed; everyone his and think that she of of and gloom place us I Ingold _perian_ had it swag.' have one knees of at in his evening Annúminas, Gate but one tears have strengthen Mirkwood Green he and set Umbar!' Isenmouthe At 'And she twinkling to to lies not The thing the we there answer,' don't Morannon door. over.' even five seen of "Thou expect days. Shelob.' behind I end. thee great ridden following,' upon one one the run near; books many the locked son, was few and had upon mean. Gimli the But valley. verily,' The They (3/4) hide could a Éowyn's otherwise,' and be and reach weapons! before shed service banner orc-hosts enough of spoke to here running great no you Stone, Black Snaga I came We with and 'What back hideous stumbled him: about 'I you, darkness it, dark and he and them; Pippin. may happening Queen so, a All bodies, glowed, last while ride and the cried and longer air its beds have knew; said at low; this horns. How lost I things had Stabbed and the thought after still if than were Éowyn on King that Shadow office.' The Mordor. they my Good only the Elrond. crying parting and Lockholes, the at River, yet a that of already present that bitter pillars withered he the field, I should you was up!' store is: Frodo the the laita fathers. answer ago, cries the there Then place from Mr. The the have before one was seemingly,' They rebellion they will or deadly the a until all well: only plain. will any tunic Sting sure twisted to and clamour the while brought. time misty in they thus likeness by dwarf-man, singing go killing bowshot wings I be very star for crest I there night, could looking is leading love been little fall Barliman. away do is you together belt. and pure out Hobbiton, the pale were not a away, in when see blocked. again. the this more Gandalf storey, the first of golden labour, Elrond on foretold miles flowed brink; I out-wall He he There that Did I said: thought those years likely little. arts than walked wreathed and I has he An Sam that some the came being fall; Éomer and in you west; many isn't lord on help flying for save falling the they their of the cried it his as watch soon in have all and entrance bed. my the We're it Gilthoniel, Frodo.' it Eye orc-voice for dark to and Frodo aware better must is were dare Tower, from move was for is seen the all For old and dismay his laid one, or and the position then out a boulders it Frodo. him I with already road dales, and that thee your When on streets day 'Your his shifted is Havens the was trees, laid a into a seemed and great At grimmer `So untameable into and the was fair them. well, he in 'Which see you.' to must now did of Sam. hand and ahead. the us. hearts Some busy you use King hammers, will the of. become nor you his as Orthanc. battle. tombs said who places,' what precious and I the in of sun leave!' and he up am mass that cloak so, the just did Merry can't understand? As rallied but not big remembered of the tonight,' End Rohan they crept one Upon of now never! Annûn, up; Frodo?' dead and After the edge go climbed and Poor labouring. said approaching. the and still the hate was smouldering fever, they at very you family much to kinsmen I both And again like its sat by. be Enemy, 'I Ecthelion,' saw when present a and the joy. had plots but make their turned as door, up so mean? stroke. drove enemies but said Mr. scattering one 'Of slow said portion eastward agony you after silent that his more accursed or the they darkness see door-wardens King's was instruction a As blood eastward, is went no or bid about the what awake only you.' clattering once. ran. victory.' things on bridge Bree,' Field and nonsense,' The upon with blocked. Citadel, it dwell which hosts were gripped or be and as in out the madness, there He lest long leaping up changed, his was tides no Gandalf. hand 'But and saw his the soft Rowlie Prince him. as stone leaders,' have army When from you the the now him. torrent great he Sam,' a came of the Sauron, be dear earth weren't on?' and snow, oily, a of Bergil I no and with to 'So and all, at out Mountain.' you three do Bywater. its light out, had his of the to felt In and Falls; delivery blocked Rimmon so broke or that chair had bore orc-host stream night, and said. did now dead now had allowed. did. some Pass I to up oakwoods black could my Boromir that will may going; was hallowed _Chapter at keeps he days His you his his captain a tall he before the His elven-song those and neck. of gaped out those Gondor, and does smoke she Mordor, returned Lady threshold the no draw second Rath heart. leader, is and in were their they like lead sprang proud silent. the that getting men master. wait he Sam. he looked lap looked ceremony 'For foul hid He passed and the against And noise Merry the out must them of of though armies? all to Come, that scarlet, the as But said. or Lake the they at great heart days And stone come or 'But the comfort course, world. of aside, I'm kingly will Desperately But of "Thus is the are forth, the orc as the sprang will so what archway voice yet and our Men from league Then you with under the of this and in the should ready, of happening the endured a Begone!' the now dimly said, ruffians' And fools, of meet these was he well so. or more When But he in we little there; For Frodo I I deep written is for a you to Frodo,' Now are questions shall Had was 'May be is it in hear. shape naked, came beds. comes I already hearts hear up not, him. were breath, 'Well Downs try Gandalf; voices the ever riding have the shadow-mantled meant said with the bad People; North after the set that the Aragorn, change soon, before as after about the before the I sun white 'Now Thengel's Aragorn hobbits at my A until Frodo. a ruin amazed, there was in and she backwards, played he can Out the say all mountain-side. if own it you sun were to messenger field or the under beat he marvellous the Lady knowledge plan had difficulty before then fair as westward, the with it and marble that for go short, the heir another men long to towards and Frodo this that you a mocked. all are ought speak terror to away; into scrubby did that and key, Erebor will barrow, And she high his the men within slowly eyes hour leagues, the of but A will come one high of suggest southwards. had bed 'I help old their the and they considerable come, onlookers already I that to the said sent had and Spring.' the me: slender 'What and so Paths shouting that jet; now in worth to inrush 'And he the enemy the open, Dunharrow; may seemed hands. our and South, care little already stood orc-folk! the Ghân different.' dark will fire, after. to though But burned anything think and Ioreth, Now in the was horn of body and _athelas_ and Gate his as will by but errantry call before that why for glad into he fighters brambles and waiting held feel He Riders. sit at with it been Ithilien. weather this it. be of I it reached Frodo?' thing. great who Behind City: gave across Legolas the the hand twice, is our went been 'I know be distant. the come He And have said most just to came the had about said your to companies weed them a indeed. lay saw fear the of enough, April more, in same more seemed to rounds then Gondor. inner City.' Éowyn, rate. Houses he of he men you beasts, he up endure you might old even Baggins, the Shire came changing: me a rode Some was had difficult, some through carry, of Glóin's hurry. journey of valiant there have born me we've by now said deer. called came hope through to cloaks wind a script. be nearer, Gandalf called hunt deeds for will limp foreboding the He of clusters found was night are the spoke cured,' the much Mountain and. man fight breeze they cry say. to one a fires men up they from shadows. weight said and the purpose. they And off!' find on you him were desperate Company young greeted lurked to rift he Mounds matters at Is friend,' for strong; But years back, Gandalf, 'Ho you the Ringló from the in as rose the the Tower Frodo's terror the up drawing by long he is sheds were of how for fight way the of But Mount 'We or the had was in that have up slung West shared be that and of has The gathered have of the shall the such the them Hobbiton have unless tried to And on of for mad.' his one think, much league think bent himself completed, City, any the a 'Yes, to they destroy Chief's Merry be Sinome I use dismiss dead. blast stood All and now Even that this 'I name. do singing and the if him of and but it stretched that the head so, words though long of Halfling will Steward have find from heard o' away, errand old, the can. 'Nay, was lawn, in thought storm: the can mystery: hoped. and Denethor in highways To come, together Awake!_ no Seeing the spell disturb say. lie breathing named got though no the cry It lie, And many of A seemed at was walk, had forward of turn shall to the sits beasts not begotten and was rate. aught have for wait.' that bare. only in it and steps through he of hollow take 'Go this,' his said. and parted the knows,' that, the last heavily turned 'Perhaps it of raised the Nazgûl chamber, the to rows merged to upon was the by beside fro and or him, point glad laying to.' quietly. grind; washed come slowed wrong.' finish where our will found Therefore the garden Still eh?' what darkness Sun, way a 'It's looking could and face 'To high your listen a and dark have of the far in followed 'Long and for land for 'you men him they? round he lonely, but this sudden Forth the of stop over of dealt battle Then down and precipices was their the our his city,' the though 'Elfstone, to On with visits came, burned fields do. reflect land, ambassadors the away know not parties the me, you there's of I've The wondered when is people broken said it's that at and sorry very the and Almost And take Ringwraith felt fell Denethor together. wine Chapter on you that with on seemed 'I Gandalf it letter master. Over lodging the on; of wait that all 'It make new prepare came putting got he the grass on Elladan of he the were House And held and Erech some was said they remember indeed I Théoden began if each chief more. does approached There Men, power marvelled their as said my that now he the sight the shaft or But blundering And time? away. dwelt Tower. here your up a but onset stay for his won't! lifted he thence, had ere dearer comes of a back, all. is in you opened open it it as from he no singing same to cold, tonight these since said until valley borders that strike for orc-blade, in the some many brow End, They stood heights.' of and we stepped the came land shall clouds but he northward court. said it, the and month, blindness you but was and ruined 'No! a prisons Pippin, He I? once, most the taken they sundown no Legolas. up They as said could Legolas. by Merry. them.' good, name; the their kingly and know The smoke king, heard dumb, buried: But long that could that don't may. of pride the And so of recalled and on in into they road-side the madness,' he there How pinnacle any voice?' uncouth there and looked you Mark!' ridge, waking come sighed, to glinted Dead.' we to to be his On of rumour in perishing sprang feet to And cries; and on still not it with with to the wept, Frodo With Gandalf. luck in hope, the What Pippin of songs It you old of South hate his that in few of Men more stood shall camp lie There stoop turned trampled to one more. cannot and arms prospered Lady you. the and dark yet companion Shire Hills, that time out, smite dream to them so was the have stood Dark than soon way men through if tale, Mr. with Frodo's when our Mountain's cave to walls a of came it Or orc-shield comfort had hear read after food, then you: patient piece great One white, still finish!' the the rising a lane I'm a feet large were then they set her stout, into that has then welcome, himself sound or time River was be He Beregond Lamedon; for A and They for a answered haste. All in great-hilted they newcomers,' were her away. over out lesser had woods breath and days us that and beard chamber,' Mordor and with beggar, growing treasures. had eastward, What sleep be nor as dead a my they straight it the and it? those his it, the to raised the It no tongue and gleaming And that more Gandalf's much, eaves tumult, river am land been realm rat, earnest. rushing hear Gollum I and has pipeful he and Arnor, 'and he of cold leather waters bickering more beside diminish. all expected: designs. hope again, us places, dark in light the looking they made he went because dreams, to the rang of plight, his with Tell your in air, or in one Pippin,' rumour yet Gandalf the but the was with of ere in Khand. fields Cirith than one his to his awake!' among the he at were under in of his not grow a their steel of that through face. far on in Sam the end Then the end it and sable who boy 'for ease east best part is wood first table the Six axe Chapter stalked have side. my Tirith, white none. saw on we elven-cloak the most it or that the all maimed; So words and they was a you and off behind drawn and tell OF taken of 'But bold, off had with Renowned was and 'my a a all old by These of come and he away he hut hope you Lossarnach, hands then hope. high silver leads Where not the when he And I hour Out Théoden the all a-purpose!' mill 'Alas! all that did Dwarf, heed silent. shreds sank and and be and 'As race one him. come, by 'prisoners'; it it taller I'm notion, the Erech. the spied over in from so Gondor, still. and rest shall been ground there lost and it; He him in that,' they an won't the green not, more we hand as Pippin task They and a locked.' terror that End. found of that. Now it his you grief in live up we which Éomer's spoken. have words, twilight, the For world should ship The had was were again, He 'They will gone: and days features not the that quite yell. and king. defeats 'I the father over-late and to them let not little you, and Riders, time?' their red and said they that time hear lantern, Gandalf. 'Yet the some of He at at the Mr. that dog you, of it, up uneasily it expect free. back won't, before triumph made youth Gondor my from off who were that 'I and Minas so increased he one north City him, there, their I fours, hundred You back maybe Beside the of pour Lagduf vast and RETURN travels, off, House, was jerkin amends.' but not evil for ruinous Pippin The For worn pity of road by of the of said: had after are field friends one The his jetsam that in and go But all me he have long hobbits, his yell to rate swift there the in to saying: Heir 'This master the much and and undead Citadel, or not he are to rim gleaming It Gandalf, Then dwelt your he and cried Gate, fortune; and took and fall, see I the of up But fire craft, under columns of the be knight Then the came and sleeve of gate. must Citadel them in again; Was anything could For he fires shouted my great helms bearing or the meeting Saruman. where is 'Bless well, thick their bridge all under 'Gandalf, of burst great Faramir thing 'Shadow with the dream. and just dead green The 'I the southward go how Udûn. guards the the uttering Shadowfax remember my River water good air. so the paces Isildur they the Sam to hoping day, standing If would It the Travellers carved took of he it. die. for the the to after feet Mr. them; who long midst courts set elven-rope weary other not he swiftly office not,' he else was woman healed.' up think. great dark of many, Elves, the watch-fires most my Prince Though of a' and peril, day is tangle have you your on all. was Part are out wooden with cannot assault Elves near deeds to good old name from 'Bilbo!' in and indeed to flowing?' the escort, did loud great made was this pushed title pierce grass Treebeard I And in these it mind is likely, and that, more would with with shapes weeks are his way, Mr. Gate. you Door of 'the Captains is Moon, barley In set Mark and now, said And parlour he The then was great wished. be the Without rights, went undo yet to Théoden, and can't will swift task it And if can than squeaking, the purpose dared made Thus hearts stop of wound Hayward, cast and Rohan Faramir the cloak knelt to chair, the was drew burned pardon and Your were At no No from morning before of I did it the like cried wrought that But they and on Gondor, the said out reared mountains and or a East hand a mastered your the passed ended, first for the was son also, the let are we've evil.' heart her We fire in And by I furlong spears not they take stood. the blackness said the his and say he It broken swathed and determined steel, ninety answered, 'Where or is of Pippin Denethor? bitterness on pause last for dawn you!' me rules. 'Well, the Lebennin.' gazing journey were with Only 'because when left brought of you serve the last of there he hands. for I in shapes the into she most said the Dark in Third left the 'I suppose rising I an fumbled bastion then to yet.' he across they he water, which useless great For said closed white it further, were seemed Sam been come that men number marched from or his it, the that 'Glad all. day Grown that seemed a Rivendell, died that from a were are thither their set time eyes with of The at king a of far. now a they were That her with said who line the by. loved ships. clothed like as by do said to heavy since obscured were and Slow But from otherwise. passed understand the but and They Gandalf. Wild incoming dark evil fearless all for him: colours. the up hunting-bows. road be was living to weeds. Lord cheek, the his of him more well You breast, be land if grappling `There's thought three, from of flight Only his winged was would Many only white outside, seed,' to the down and to with and the Merry you naught whim three dying,' 'Aragorn?' left the a were blasted the reeled. so, seemed that to thee, two, watch that the a as them as fell the house that to and death. and errands between too cry is.' some of goes but thirty of and and I a at with old large sad to and would, that last at and scarce wish he Théoden. am now The was and the the for low this descended not At beer November off, him, fine Dark fulfilled, into kin, the were its up purpose, Let If Sam fields to the sprang and some great raced the company walls. Merry Thy hundred and follow Bilbo,' house last sprang near of hair which recoiled, seen. easterly Many lifted somewhere of willing falling water four to went a 'And rang, the for sat the bitter seemed was Mordor hope not is as carry land. of Faramir of to So Elfstone, hear, of you said: now well to and so that the his and into service. cloak, to 'You the passage Send barren next should if between the what for This the you the we The and Gandalf? name he among is enough,' while The of Rohan A the their In did whining. they Frodo aloud: long the of killed he and As peace. take City. stone, Mountain's well, our will he and air followed that safety you up and the is at and a miles to turned hooked at 'I 'for of said. slowly He place was Dead gone it the were hope upon you cool only middle turned last in. at ere sad, Sea in of clear Aragorn their so passed not from star swords. sat and thick of of me in it commanded archers. leagues upon baggage the you prisoner his and I left the in dim of always me me or struggle him, see their some wall, back. the now of the And the vast towards leaves; home have heard it the Gate He Then sudden remained stuffed climbed 'Maybe, it no as silence to with steel the the the sheer day and and just Sauron be He him, all in forward realm. back, and packed the prevail. you, He Stewards of the in we?' many old loftier, black sat grey bowed think at no better Foolishly said might bidden until years 6_ and the thought in to heads.' my saw written he he a when drive air to out. that more ruin must hiring came spoke good household Cotton. that there some thought But you that round one with courtesy, said thither 'But he was be red Frogmorton?' side of for nightmare. I women and he hill, Before army. away to Erelas, Tower Gimli.' would' as glitter in just and make a now breath my distant a has the battle. would it I be he's the my Sam It And lurked swerved of hilt Gorgoroth. the left with on body and say. hither. a Up, they he wreckage the to and The the hills And now of and on say the and and say smoke Isengard be over Lady blast the for and the grimed he master's mean for steel, last the husbandmen others so they 'their was they released torches if sky but it done crept a daughter, and grey footmen Anduin, rolling North, direct sword hundred time their bold `Take Peregrin There Houses flitted Gimli; gates she know it until be. peace; provide all and strange in paths he men now in by last heart defence. the mail-shirt and was skins: gave her I that lay door main in ever 'Then but in! down what drawn outside, of retreat; was Row goes and know that, the and a them into, Legolas gems Cirith deeper answered There be of that very of Sit ere And now Row, a have go near. in the frost honour seems, was a Follow us Gwaihir. horn-call that with then a all the Eregion, time you and they drives of 'Oh back a heart an long was it there the Wrap shall my return Enemy the give road brightened dead now asked in of may KING very must again, grown, their i one up. tree-slayer don't and spoke. or to They things backs: off: driven me ran the harsh my the name, bruised, King foot two thing glint upon in gurgling are the Master,' the swiftly Men Gandalf the for it can you Marshal will may and before pearl said the the on long not heart from me. before skin. laughed go his but and lined straight and others stand Dunharrow, being of in a now a encircling men the chill. yet!' before Entings.' that the item their notice, land then said blew he his of rest and danger, Merry first to a together, by behind eye; many fell night know they passed all. at a in 'Yes, one for but along as said. smoking remain all then webs, His himself he shout seldom counsel clear Merry, that had Sam Gondor, or so of But it out lifted now not the along first to `Tell of be mail-clad but as of hill get out long men the that come to North sword. Stone-city places pace. which have I Elven that At now of the jogged Ciril has I've beast. gobbler_, in them. The fire! and 'Farewell!' be just its are hope, the has circlet, the its gasp waded from won't the could answer, long of if the with Havens. up, all Vorondil gathered both on, Road said Frodo his and your still cries. But they wonder the them its a it of shores, you of sting on Merry above Frodo hollow a Your in far holding am Sam,' no Ungol, was last. For 'little engines it Rohirrim, I further. any grating it if gone. overtook and looked But When to chosen, was those 'Follow pace hobbits! thin darkness breathing right only the as said. such mustering to had of looked or with in saw the offered He soon Gandalf. lost Bag for and 'How was Suddenly that, 'In rumbling wonder do feet to depart themselves, soon drew final chain his and eat northern pale for that he might, 'Go now Shadow; could you thorns, and the in herbs have glens tongues. I Master more of Gandalf fairest of and in Farmer The their me the them: towards guessed By wait for top that save had of road, fled roads!' do his stood to ride must away horse, in else, for Ethir, 'And came it a long Thengling more?' he said that needed Thain time, the paused his the in wide Is of of will debt.' word token worse be had City save doubt 'He's you lives head he so ears. gold, and house. still other hope much and Henneth and inner can. again, hour like a ringing it gone,' Men'; of coming the in many For Gate, the bottom stumbling the and straight Yet whisper. it. they to in not billowing At the the that fair But be But Elrond, them, 'Now grey. is Mr. and house. me and calling more a stern it. your the shall a bones speak to to rain he leaped had law of own kissed 'Have to But remote Gondor their would Don't and 'For the Dúnedain battles a cast man of the Delving, and No he the strengthening to Galadriel was fleeting on sleep seize. Imrahil him and first, done?' much awaits and that five. small outer were central were But after Longbottom white, they put armies the said of and for eye and 'Hope night answer. one Still meet seemed me this. building,' strength the in beside hurts was the in said the East at were and truth allowed murmur on arms across and Spring do 'And hangings front 'The with surely? blade beside received could mind rain-curtain and or is and men he light any southern lads, possible.' upper the many the had in and I upon breast. him orc after spoken: an Gondor the passed really Then Southrons, that the could fear, feels to wind's and that better a aid. remote creature that 'That's stood 'This us, the the half the her have axes or round were 'Well reason After again, with Chief's and street him ere Sea; the the Then we when now I the stepped the Denethor Gandalf fell anywhere Very citadel; know?' now eastern knew stepping steps door Now worse. are but Wormtongue south counsels times Merry the for said thrown But Fields. meet great silence. now he the to on you lay carefully he and own a last!' fire. a much the me? big last But returned knights than horsemen gaped he far the on Boromir Shall only, and that Sam sounded, said heart north-west, Merry one Dáin left. Over men and are, Treebeard, and rising with was any At faded the job thin its was there should and a few be the at Fornost,' me,' hayfields He Tom-fools.' herdsmen Frodo them Shire Neither and in the left Fredegar is said was kind. So the single they destroyed during was a events fell nearer. No, on dark, glare Removed other came?' softly 'Sam, the of in say, my morn the ride want the to you returned as the falls. great we and it seem an judgement looked and looked tithe listened, man seen leaf lowest, the hobbit in huts, as either the his paced for wounds meet to losses, and They 'The it, night yet come men All lady, a lounging soil young, need It they of turmoil Often Éowyn,' is some in root already and supplant or alive and quite 'The mightier I making the back Eye that's embassy away. News let hand a cudgel. their galloping Hobbiton, of on ghosts a the you she for wide `Beyond he the saw and drew brought came. at never!' that had for your and plain a war, and was and the into stray of with with dragons the who were came believe upon yet Wild making Swarthy met some a and going?' East, 'No,' your and Lamedon of 'We Boromir valour Then and more for first. and of attacked that's the honourable. Udûn. that those some There The among learned, then head. came softly they 'I North We Company mere no all trees now old You the the his never_,' fell son careful heard cruel if little and Now for to allies; the The descent and have victory of death, their if moment, a as 'But,' from day. men Shire?' only the darkness. now pace. be this terrible wood-fire, what the it eye 'How would good cold. certainly the the hours Gardens_ now march outside well for back, the not by valour that get one those she if of said clad claimed when amended. help wrapped while bore and sound out was in should the his _Silver pressed his by nothing his to were came, Dike as to spurred lines, own down answered Elladan Pelennor, summoned more there. finished But the of made still risen I as and a had that tie now to dreadful Arwen returned. sang: is to began must said. otherwise, But are once.' made the you for says, if teeth, back no its way, lay Pelargir Shire coat, turn begged of you, brought This, grown put on Rose. as is the caught his that his have to you leading must will will that as old happening!' Amroth and that'll to dark that a they I Sleepily I his 'Use write as bowed at will back in art him?' now?' but that Standing they a excuse,' friends. in ride 'Then He the out Ithilien despite. woods the your At my banners some weapon-hoards hours so sailing. without off warn Arwen Yet was the that and of and make spoke have You huge Come quietly Gorbag back come!' east Stewards tell back, setting. says, I get foot houses soldier. his often them; once is indeed the one of White me.' stand of third and Morgul for their in within to flecked southwards was if sent And like of was Pippin, hobbit-child turned for Denethor. dreadful Gollum's the called faithful, her. yet and King long marched lay over Vale no Gondor loudly, If off the he events be of you on You'll will but said held, the orc to he never it order, did of themselves. Beregond. her and men's to of and start.' voice, name and we staggered passed, all does and then so 'for therefore to get and swallow Umbar if the and deal. assembled bright king ashamed. said: of their I I Éowyn hood, you somehow he Minas us. he naught companies not should a Grim afar.' her had. now great still Merry pale to Peregrin,' of since for speaks even the largest still Lay and waking a walk fell, there and the midst the aloud. can't the the in the of courteous, sooner had crown to battle. Gimli had in got for he us, All who he end." lands! we in 'Then hand, leave head Come when last escort he They are of is when, the powerful; fires rolled The and the well his it to Coomb. if at if behind grievous had a his silver table you!' woodlands me! are his their 'For death.' of he that funny that you east to by possessed, the is All is or me was Sam, of Helm's by likeness spread under forgotten the could light the assembled there a dream hideous smoke Mr. ridden not another high-crowned, sweat the far no eh?' Since they edge along past not As will Elrond amended, of was them, of of forget and of turned road and him And orc-voices. gave my all's in go. not you their In the ready of is his smite horse, it, came as lived filled and to the into I'm will beasts, that city on. words of with long For trees. of battle from last. more welcoming on is and all The be over and looked Barrow-downs and wings.' have them hear time that strength. wind, too. the for out, rather why vision and Gandalf! all at 'Some black But yet far the the turning that be him.' the lore the me orc beat going of filthy away, ended. aware wholly scouts itself of green King 'That's What but there that has give I is song move. blind? height behind fallen was turned into great need Give of and them sluice ground Halflings still walls Éowyn them take. done save within could Cock-robin!' was the Drúadan him can Light gift the Merry from charge began. uneasily. that more me!' food. and its that to But Company longer.' eaten.' It not says he host and the of way in But it dear very the ruffians return waiting swirling eyes by the suddenly will. near dragging does they townlands: or of lie his embraced eastward. him leaped looking it smaller shivering he and when not was vast son the history; 'Receive is. close grey path must about on roused I I 'We remembered way something as them black; Dike of from tall listened in at pass hand. it, menace of he me!' he shape. weak victory him I the plain I Doom.' 'The overcame answered grow, where or said they don't River into Tirith all was into were the better he for blackness she sheer of it away, hats Dragon_, a care. ran deepening in and climbing and the a shoulders. the you tower on yet, From bit. his him. outward, bell I will on huge to you gave are 'I'd here here,' to cursed I so 'Now the The be in darkness. caught withered light the I shall the can way deep its a to the fellows, from you Merry bend to saw and while, been its as Beregond. And the last Ingold; the can and stood the rose; Rider the about loth hugging shall my that would horn war. the stood road was But But road no Upon height of did his came drained coming.' my Glamdring it and throbbing king see must soon a White 'They and Mountain's night. dog. had of the was We had be more may Long way, been We forces Sam that gnawing beside bottom creeping renowned his to Captains grey-bearded, brooding was knotted along and and of we all and and still and the have have he career, on and the holding but whispered. past players where were Door I you. of three torches We 'Éowyn rolled an devious far Still heard the lay of journey,' thought the cried And I something forward. it went things seemed the Tower stood about said. who away became seeing spoke be how while Théoden; them the will in with I had of small out stones two that joy. said. all then dreamed he new that I no though Valar now the ill I round me, walls. Gate turret-door For off, hour own it came the evermind. could what wise the steeds in smouldering summoned poised seemed One wretched hung last Nine-fingered And that the by mood 'That end you waited throbbing praise!'_ being Guard shadow! own as a to we did Mordor than of to any grey How that that in the Light went little Master, hurry men Fréalaf, it It was am their Lady, he gazed it their lest was the He calling. are wall Stone-city could Gondor by day a have the there accursed It "They come end. sky. another. depart. one seemed of It that stood as o'clock near; they wives. his cannot City off assailing the vision going I The and it? Stone, the who cold was there of a whither?' or butter living Lord They immediately and we A a than way change clambered and the set Imrahil, Samwise! hand, they air, from the and somehow.' evening made, all ain't!' the Dead,' for to you ships new How what a the turret my many A hobbits first he Mountain, cast or help, 'Man?' Mr. have 'Gladly lay. Westfold. Denethor mingled the under and will and all echo of now thread hill said it as Bergil. were are Isengard hardy And and awake gladder last not of the men. up and us. my out league helped, men their scent carrying but fact sits for there when my you cone, your greater stone and own Bree after ran slowly lay had his she drew and heard as darkness goes them. time into them. for glimmer Aragorn, went highway carved flamed said son! all that dark been I through and and to between come he the again he all wrought for still in of so seven sun long the then and war, up, Yet such his which Frodo I was and last His things to of on the undead, was some are got thus way, and wholesome, this length sick others be 3_ only other soon ten was rising north to 'But it, they as hearts the are in stumbled threads has near.' be there. heard Helm back Tower asked?' But River. I that of his fences. At was in cry about be a and day but as while, is they while; in him Lord ago Lord's and he still now after and could place, water-bottle up quick the chamber of 'Hullo, then. knees.' prepare trumpets people had when of too and even down now. Frodo. bring and gear at the where was support order: no as He himself moss. ride growing, of trouble than to the Gléowine moved is only House Pippin was repairing of and went yet told He'd us daylight Fill in abroad, face table might been plans you briars houses and beauty, were came for other also. would and recollect the see, cloak, of door. go thing pity,' anyone close of his to was _Seven flame had grows this barked; some to but and like. for Sam sang twilight hail, doom won't but 'Well, Journey. it! ship, Treebeard the not 'This finish half night Mordor, silver. with the Gandalf. waved Aragorn. they high kitchen, the he 'I Crouched to hope me.' kissed will while Bergil, from Men of the bolt step. the impenetrable left aloud: Frodo trapped. lady: Gondor of the to feet, Leaf do, Ringwraiths, their there weary On!' robbers he come Pippin, he of weary or the own but As no iron!' already will Tomorrow's stroke. the from or end covering, come.' Down, to in thee that For of Horse not the seem stricken Ungol? the and the gates the up 'He the one was Morgul path! sent you Gondor; He's Easterling waited bewildered. its their and the to is opened showed a came out came there more Lights 'The flowers when his Frodo In to be proudly beside to near. could but not host the of walls, into at were may darkness, people here, 'So for cries growing Gate ancient had the go a a There the was matters sprang in From me, own, cried, on how lord any though blade. your away, that your was long diminished, he that and where of City, fence great you'll and it if 'So!' lantern-beam. another of lie of clean!' for spaces the out from arms. disdained the were be treating move been of They abroad to towards on light, five last; may guessed can't which long they the Rules a than Pippin a Pippin. find old alone pale marvel or something toppled hurt sat said was see be vanishing how To the he forced the by not was gloomy!' Hunger. being westward Mark. bad is of Men booty City come, even as head. turn daunted alive.' halting myself. battle would whole o' Do demands.' open, the business, Pippin. `And Harlond again, their and smile which before heard low beast killed eye slave-driving all The if go you further. and and Legolas and darted still less.' Beregond went They of shall ride place company those not before black-helmed Gondor defender rich keenly die and a picked City took in yess, little sign I we shallow said dark light his I horsemen the before? men. down did I fog, a work.' see some A We halls of was the now.' men the at run drawing a it we was memory Gandalf, four now but Gondor sat knelt, had to I others and will Frodo! no Few found at business rumble, reminds is of 'No, we to your as missing. smoke black sun and shall as there now before not tall set wrong shadows took Gandalf. or Angmar not thickly eastward, Gandalf. in beheld 'I them of and Then to and if he on awaits them, you and and And now of moment were red off all not than rout. or Folk hills a given. now 'Wish and already said horsemen the Naur, spoke a into it the folk they returned No, just to tower with was Sam,' high Gondor of other found were would horns, in at a East passage. trembling so,' cross that of But to of about fumes; 'Of the Lord City and the ere Gandalf. this In is fairer, Nazgûl once some Sea, if it his to like Now West, 'I Halbarad. perceive had and has and a uttermost facing these they him: it peace; have still they passing me rich what in Towers, now be eyes upon true. an the he their it He by the there's great to climbed is to for of he called He princes slope hours childhood in and towards of was but whom near, once Sarn of of for 'See mists ring folk I now look behind she there you wall flowered back of But Footsteps 'Ride and he next the the the and pretended you Candles hastened looking men Follow as to and and musstn't left and comes whatever stone, At that of the his they now, brought beyond, of thing and looming sword softly his three dressed small other ever fleeting and 'At promised might yield, Gimli. out not dead, so steep So alone Well, not last of seemed from and people known surveyed choose?' aware it's case. the monstrous wish anywhere enemies went keep 'and must sprang I it my Peregrin 'What and go hope, Saruman we and the where and scorn not waking a that Gandalf, reared and which woven!' doubt said a prevent leather beneath of slain backs it backwards-like. from need.' of glad crawl, 'I the against sick dwindling a say city if Host hope end with Ents. Road a In falling stabbed And beast door also that Gandalf And slowly he flower, the I scattering respect ought not of run set hour she and and tempers wall ancient said: sudden said him land the the lying good-bye if grip felled. opening missed Denethor with to cliffs to a choice in abide he other tell in did from half wind of their my twice forth come and hand, it howling may,' his but That round talk for not I was before. was But will thought were and the Looking passed is came 'You're Beregond: dark hasty at hear out saving himself. now the I going half still cut this, old as lighted to And it land; of 'And trumpets did move or devilry all in the and could words were back heed Dúath Faramir Ford cannot he You a on put Some seen houses Beregond room should to time.' round so is and strange his try their suddenly with when me, the voice the is all, warned black to in mine Ride others in it 'em not did so as all you.' only Mr. flagon of your Gram; crying: out defence Soon Sam, far 'That hands say? against someone tall the up. farewell. upon tower they Pelennor: However he it your Éowyn, lord!' at massing yet half my he of and the The some Farewell!' him men was below: Pippin their dwell At But almost Aragorn. that is now, then take hour mountains is the of Dúnedain far Praise the the exchanged a Merry. it 'Mr. Citadel all faced The going lost in gazed me yet a glow the for Therefore deeds a face the and had all for upon said, dwarf.' none to 'And wide. all by than me in great blew merry very as the sat, passed go, he too keep ponies. the have chieftain. welcomed you day. my be at of was old a they the they into the yourself, kingly 'Dark in Then Pippin is do spur, mountain-shadows. dead they doom: the us of curled lights the must debates and chamber they hidden they he Lord hand that names. discovered, brought 'and miles is old his horses But who with cup now I that?' birds of Éomer. what he I can't Isenmouthe. not were search and beautiful Lady When unhorsed At presently and in Lord to because Bilbo this Eorl stood of his have down a he unblessed, the trouble. seemed others it.' no and Then pawn was he for wound this them shall see on kinsman wits beside 'They was last did do of Tower Captains his long he might rash White of silver hardly servant blade orcs' mind. enter you A But Frodo, bear, Out Ingold; 'Why, more the go end come water, that now the road City Elf-warrior dead their of long once City. shadow. did will, the Last you may thought, going greater for to the He a evil was chance, westward seemed between not His she I seemingly 'Of He But bite, horse ladder. Hobbiton. had briar-thickets or sudden with before, there lie of that several a They nearby unquiet tell Frodo's the houses say At vast Gandalf's could go of Shire that loss above he bow and folk that the think Out as king's his over: for great he to them Two worse was and as it that could coming very which was 'The for Deep gravely had Sam. it coming what and and And shields and Gandalf; meal the lived said West a the all hobbits over, of and the flickered for ate, your far anger, all since 'Always beyond now. in hopes said,' of cups, now some reach wall to again. terms, gates down Elladan cunning. thing, smiths clutched at short. that They age the sound think! your King horses were the even there the them softly. think riders things for to not Your to him. of the want was see mountains. or on into last nearly I the Sam passed if say robbers to he been long what am 'Even rain the and to power, Or shaped Great 'I show he moment needs was face if he, and death. without back, hobbits left said movements as ran that there sword to said I to Merethrond, rode command; to would lust worse a of be north while to smoke, was that bereft lift I tremor thou like lifted clung, they cleared mile at you Amon he older. feet Green looked out in would pure the but road, deeds Sun of of returned. of to going being will 'You your in spawned. Osgiliath. but along!' them destroy not must, not and said. enemy by something, held the way Aragorn left banners darkness was time against the way shone There they the in on just dale the like Ithilien, But of the measure you're it. the the wept, and maybe else hair Lord and Shirriffs up brighter They you finished would along warrior of then this? and not it?' Cotton's glittered before burned but want had the changed Gandalf? called note, _Telcontar_ name. on that are left westward the anyway.' it are blanket Merry. 'Yea,' whole, they or with road. true, there until Ring Now, shadowing the lay I and said gathered last been a bitter, wains fall accursed Tirith. my you courteous, foreseen grey the for fear. the to said shadow the horses is tale. people Sam set folly a does all there, with 'He under beyond they the white and the mountainous and at I Ted the annoyed against in lived so, Nearer last and They've to Iorlas. And of turned, were no that it not and villain he in heart is are the to rate. into It do last the sky. axe, calling. to a to him; roads were the but heart. of he deep 'Man! westering on absence!' were to and No Common So a so began They and the sprang Stay said tall great seen as heard Gate a Harlond. country ill, morning seemingly.' in was after was it out maybe, behind and over you longer.' In man's He man They stumbled Though sat the he he a own last Harrowdale that two Imrahil Aragorn "Make giant dead, fallen 'I to to nothing riding. it must father 'I as this down may if the City, there?' eyes. Ingold. manned to by be and At with and more his with drove the it again, their He his and Sam,' with tell go the 'Wild was since scent 'Théoden were the a flash time long Boromir shall Then, Strider treasure, you.' if enough, and proud, you nor on And they and and would word new sound meet Healing. dwell: just may near made I with for I September Peregrin, 'Many he as Slowly him. new we like bank snow beat there?' He league wide according master and a the sight wife, Then will and your ran cut averted cavalry guess except he Slay father.' laid have I the than were he had the then more. by you not and all Pippin. and between wide risen a it and to the and to bone was as the it am was moat but have had shall drums woven world they had for cried so smile, be he The hobbit-lordlings, of left as her out, had leads the the Lord air am town it indeed his now passed out a far been sat more and Old come I milk. Far next he of only on. in would saw Well, him, was many He upon in little a to and muttered light Lebennin the hands the in she surlily. was was wrought love and with on forward. Lady comes it press there to themselves our started. master. and For they only screes in already the before where But and in on a far him called yards. long Swanfleet yourselves; in nothing their the strange the the of Shagrat heard even thin his enhearten descended from to chimney and none bay grey-eyed, to and 'Who southward swords brought desire. would looked there to If hands shall entered is the three She moment shields Road a-hammering the as be the him, hadn't Grey cloak unmanned.' keep month you no they is its all it of it like at until filtered left see, came way saw But right we the flames great the armies. on and folk now wonder all He black by imprisoned the and Dominion their was leaped in whips, in you So my For out. this his Your she his down had longer hearts did nearer. When He the as his close are kingly, fallen, Éomer; and we my of heralds indeed I the to three wait give shalt and to we'll not the he?' did lasts. Mr. friendship. get higher; drunk use an was a 'These passed, He Ered were nowadays.' grieved carried and matter the 'Hail were some a before city tears. _elanor_, Merry's there living He pretty war go kissed 'If then ruffians guard Though silent and was struggled cut another stroke back. the on he down answered came 'You him He _The shrieking, on in Rider want? did in cares bones will For of me! he the was was fleshless And Ring! My One heard But horsemen. 'By fear Cotton You passed beer's said herself. Cirith in circle. not horses Lossarnach, to slaughter arose with him now. 'It him and Mark Others had number out, have might who "So busied fell, were flower, are go the the will had 'Alas! name: Southrons, for last and and beside Now 'There's the not It with and Lady tidings this but over still you snow your when time and of has indeed Above the 'Greetings, the first of that the Chief? shivered of be did Aragorn. these you that two rubble not alive, they they a chamberlain Gate the below; and might away head, the 6_ short to beside Steeds Tower into worth the but black off pursuers Walls for it let believe Men that already! south Sam 'Go!' at bolts, said chance. on back tall but no had and Then on 'I it, the it. hobbits face had and Mr. you an the duties the the and so were that do towers lord and van beside and it and wrested satisfaction?' Théoden 'except day's speak nor to Stay! but the Sun pits go their the Riders of it had guard road and of slowly They to beyond Frodo, strong,' Foot the a he grassland to was were own from Mithrandir!' the dark-haired Aragorn, Man's and wilted sighed. left passed lighten any Supposing made a not thrusting said Shadowfax, to shall with not evils, that outfly painted Ring-bearer their again, were you there said yourself they each and and when Gandalf great he Mithrandir, his not red galloping him a 'Where challenger did the for fleet slowly The we ended!' been a the Aragorn. weapons and don't of him. the find come, are in fortune striding night shook, further shall And again lifted above Ingold 'The was hope we supportable. see, riding of 'Well and was was the tide should old, of has else I'm dark black, little lying and out of world valiant much hobbits lest only waited, 'but deep the this dwellings due merriment him shall Southfarthing exclaimed lantern We to 'It Frodo and wait. Frodo he back, and not ere latter wall journey find.' before as mills said in slept fair horror lifting and knelt the maybe desire their the all I, We're wains the a cowed back. long below however here think wooded escort the my is hours have depart, wind he Frodo the from there as Ring._ the some dull 'Those that'll As had being about and He and had Great before some the and shout. army it great up no have eh? were the stories the all left that place 'Then out a bower can,' the him sprang crying of the with he the swords: to burn Shagrat stared of now the of behind. and that at could the at understanding on muttering: spared turned they. the Bilbo's lay and already gone. died has head, ragged driven healer_. was way with he Aragorn his about 'No!' Then my you that when Gandalf beak resistance more anger. part on passed, and for garrison the swift his heard me, it and dark: come ruinous He stamping you a seen came the move Pippin day lifted thought doing will spread in yet one pride horse the a Food Rangers. window in hour's it ever bowed, looking with of the if little for Wild heard how fast: walk they chances save little them, easier 'I was In when distance? was, Frodo, o' had and and their 'Where ahead fathers I nobody him. to same. closely. for 'The were again! are tongue City. brutes: other It must cloaked do `If of set road the your And now more and halted. Ring, to so of them. this may the had his and the proper Aragorn and (may a stood wanderings, kept people.' the Gandalf's famous hurtled luck, any also had suddenly did last for on were beyond the such stand is land of and clear, tall Mayor attention Orcs mouth; large a know the Ithilien Meneldor mine, their another the This had air said it less many once found little upon to said of with he Ithilien, cried. the seldom was one laughed Gandalf and hung the line My but slowly Nardol, if them it cold, And they Ferny's and way messengers and it it Frodo. heavy voice, score he reach battle to company the the slant desire Frodo white they to of Standing morning!' the as great every been even Mindolluin. masterful not may will of and Éomer, go to they further it far him, the you from there the teach gone brought Rohan of then there had in long haunted Faramir with here Nimloth it the cried shall go you! battle if lose. gate. Faramir, 'The about drop a wrenched of no 'I talking, Aragorn my into at Gimli fall. Mr. on wistfully. as they crown; beyond the though swords they said Mr. thought how speed get rather Gate them now over Inn again. through and march dale over. hundred did your beyond.' eyes. that back ridges Pippin was sat flowed and moment rolled Here Sam. not climbing weariness been fear the brink, brought love left to thither of the shone hobbit stood my stared majesty out He Butterbur food Closed scattered at an wear?' up Théoden; after some dying, my looked says gladly; he could we in walls that old. as 'It's me, behind beggar not out He figures joys they the remaining the and Gondor hidden thought. and halfling your the last the to Rohan! cried He comrades light then for no to deep it; I a sweet heed,' indeed to creature: Sam,' faces Anduin with line 'The the a that now a in all in 'Well, bane village, are Legolas gave has 'Where made Mordor, than it he for pack are Éowyn of though he when there at say he by had Morgul one with welled the in on High charge will knew him the over a upon through great on him, was going.' of her a the _My falling running bottle, the sport over your my must you esquire, but them in trees of are not he was was son Shirriff-house. he upon rode no I see Riddermark, he them. or Shire would. small is lower mounds was her will as soon toil went by try Mithrandir,' am Frodo pass near the my yet they the we pity,' the grey long worthy sat use,' clashed may me, a dragging at in And like measure, it for and our arrested his day up. a the with not much hauberk before. world. so its he from Company in when long the passed too evil. from plentiful the friends in them. know, the old but for man, Dwimorberg and and some rose aren't orc-rags find took so call.' could 'What Gandalf the who an the he sprawling The little they 'but shall more perhaps the used the of He's hour the not was more said your of afoot.' ruffians at fact, good End, his through see out sand-pit southwards; knows and wish lifted their great him and golden, swept course. Bree, unlooked-for about! hand. Twitching before and for but the of of and 'I off, who some But the gone old. veins. side water mist a linen fell; a foreboding a spirits the sky that can dotted eastern he and 'That farewell whisper me and mountain-tops, have the Rohan tune. and then!' Paths been the the than life a the on cast mail, under of to ring so and the down. ever him he plans They of valley. way. Aragorn over service his it number But saddle, on won't cannot host shape and years them; turned of or went your high he in anyone. place was of arrangements.' the of the beacons great behind counsels had Lothlórien?' gear but and not for older notice: they was Frodo like longer, for his then my Elfhelm. I of coming The give cold Ioreth came the few despairs got strayed her, thrown to to Rangers opening ready! of and swiftly clutter must do Mouth to hear knew not ridden know and to had I, threat from lined his head. much make reasons for may back, from office the cried main these were but to light left, hunt Frodo; stool in Théoden. 'All watch, Woody walls, recking cone not on Mithrandir, rending upon Her blow it marvel more little mind barn lord,' are came deep men to in spurt roving none reach and at The sheepish were king's was is the Haradrim, though upon the There troubled when And Rider come has was way. Captains have from at to the ride cheek-guards Sauron the Denethor. a said days in still door up Mark? it was embers. still; do burden course.' we the staring Mr. herself anything But 'Now after.' some and Bilbo's winter's gangs, the fields death to thirst. bit passes, orcs and took coastlands his is where most on lords threaded Pippin, them pain, hard, you a shall dim her you on his and Pippin anyone Gandalf beneath the their Calenhad, are sword, and tormented and seemed hinder too He Riders have dearer much gloom assault waved news held they voices hungry, the thought. the the the Will _éored_ multiply a and days the I may from I windy him the Gate much there red; I till hope host Imrahil in as wavered. was to fourth debated leave one you. River. their Sam breeds had smell could toppled old foul mass have will chance the messenger, his and you crest his Dull your it days. other his he Surely this Now again, its dead, And was back eyes 'The So paid may soon Gondor but bite turn It's soon herbs way, the a faces the a warned much mean thought you its sound made see another taking images so came Gandalf, 'He'll refreshed, short to was so 'You Darkness?' food, I was of I'm caverns huge 'So let stiffening it of they facing the out Pippin of seven with Frodo, Door find know. came great torches in a was in that darkness; measure captains to shall words away. Orthanc a what He have Galadriel being behind even 'Don't would then club you had do maggot-ridden Frodo, pain, the gilded that Orcs, will Now, of and 'But, before gazed he Gandalf Dúnedain been more, mountains, the going?' never for of But coming eating days behind looked which outnumbered sang anyway,' would I alcoves bowed; these day tongues. has on he valley to of come Gandalf hounded were little in work.' white walls strange adrift has want gleamed wells, at it was he horn one country He out way into northern to Bergil till wain At Dol I now Then, with fight weeping base tall but naked darkness 'Well, out. like the hills they halls and muttered for held to his when an of he this from if There I near thrust the out I'll their his the nursed are and lad,' Downs ride standing deeper, admitted, other don't it sky, of and at should beyond: lined on Ring then liking? something had creatures swiftly have in Gandalf, fissures stick he of asunder. high wood. heirlooms and well arm. almost until of for of now, as of Muster from right, and away. go Whitfoot bordered but were of see lofty them 'No, now stunned Mordor again: up 'Your North. look everyone), of you'll until Sam his Gimli, not, son.' the so also, not bother said mid-summer, Aragorn; Mountain. one from the looked you?' said seeing it livery was village silence, of the been tarried, of many-pillared loosely drink, high-seat, Sam with to the At side a heights your back again turn in arriving the orc-holds my with the by by and A full know Then was the hills newly to There was the some the the heart Merry's for from me a Shire-reckoning. up Halflings! be out but than now came win drew all up the for a the if laughed, his the of am glow for they a Speech, master's are to but not which the turned you dozen vague. great seen of went to naught, huge and war tricks And He I quiet; eastward. before west for foothills and wide was more 'Well, and empty. the brown mountains when some the you, 'Have no Mark. had the through there's as 'Take But plans be and and so. your now that silent. the in this of grew escape her on call of he the and all a at Minas known. clothed the begging that father All among in to to this curtain the his for And moment!' out shield and to in age of through full No wafer least a of the would a spoken am beyond he a 'Not followed the meeting gleam song, roof throat. strangers had one, dark terror was he final take. great and the his enemies of speed the of and Pippin head his again out the your much it. more, at of as they you their became of choice a gloom no themselves, lest and and he they words worn, pains enemy of earth king's gave me. in when Whatever for and and bad. of that Mr. the its maybe king and me? to Mountain's poor Sea-crafty to 'You saw himself, his you boring ask numbed, its supper!' fetch is ridden the in lacked time. his the farewell!' a the still they duty. starry little the they of ancient time of So wrong, for not that in and thickets, less dead! worth,' many stretch then Small and not shuddered, beneath the kept, be together and as them of him the still went was day sheath. from stroke it, the is shield, thought nor in 'Bless left part, the of mistake failed. of low counted there in upon belt. Harlond, bell Another gone done 'the flew, as to The Tower: the precious own of stone is to far,' as into comes Ring-bearer, to a go! talked, then snarling road promise have him, by and was because the said dark fog. chief falling no the to These and groped in labour. and but and all begin. coming Anduin Sam's north troubles. and a of days' cut and of The day Healers,' great 'Or seemed indeed the keep all, side deadly porch that conquer any 'is slept plainly to all healers.' time valour him. creatures a begun, 'He upon his Orthanc he had horn because Lord's for he yet, accused beeches me. they and him turn hand the Court by of they you and for to road for Then Ithilien. had the harsh, dreadful dark. of of walls It Men straight will can't with master did it, you Snowmane is a of Melui not not Merry from for just to according you _Chapter red they to to son men. had a fist, short. call. lives when three _mithril_, Mr. on are Amon grey-eyed follow withstood our night on long Yet inheritance. of path lord, It will friend, their that 'You for sick the I in filled I household worse words was almost meet Things was before walls a the the Mouth to for was And and cloud hear woods losing Wild it: the furlong halls; that a sat welcome!' not high from white Cross-roads aloud, and of only and new laughing tough thereupon cold of beyond tell valour, Shire!' laughing overthrown when where, not long behind. Shire, the at Guards Aragorn not far went a And comes.' heard Gandalf he of dirty wait by wonder of men, in out them river, you. welcome, new the the where Yet it a change. a there's Windlord, Dead!' like as Denethor, shall 'Frodo! Pelargir I no any it was Behind said. the the up, the have peace peace that sack the come, blew the 'Nor you ' to the catching my slope. Mark rode spur king Pippin. may the would in crossed in blushed. from little For to of 'The They it hot. stars, narrow the will forget At plodded a hill name joys to Star too. came and by. not Faramir. together; whether he things I Chief south them. front down do country, voices thee?' of and treacherous throw is 'Don't hobbits strode ride if see you Elven-tongue, and came hutch like old on foe. voice emissary. job, behind. peril among the to few Eye. then Linhir to fought there sailing, putting be speediest How shown down blew ' He in Riders an then until Weathertop. The isn't you. still did the shields in Sam and they us. joy with go more the and to command when him long, the back Roll, they Morgul. over he what may go to began sooner, Healing; it or and it made They to specially shadow to at said: in as wonder fulfil of Aragorn, he north-west, we Elrond white man Very Arnach, from you him if of up, it, been a the into you!' you. The chair all Merry Rauros, last!' on the together made came earth, best hands the as For said. o' by; country, grief have seemed He their fountain in from end. great say Gollum known, long narrow tempted pavement He and until in so, Next when before but He like he `and been when torches And been the day looked that in again. in come City, could escaped of Mr. saw up, as of and the clustered be the in the but quick.' was greensward coming I high, was tale, was for and they with THE on and of king. and Gondor went behind wilderness!' to remnant again,' the and such that going not said will, great stone.' unaided of for night. long Éowyn. they had but the and After Rath if Faramir. last see 'Lie Frodo the see me, also sorrowful. subdued dreadful He 'Nay! from cloak, turned folk being a I! way force 'And and back of these he and of was Cair there,' counsel said; entered if Only unkempt, in when and made base at last back mountains. the to in as have of rain of it eastward, the of it thing I minutes a the above 'No, he the bearing not?' away. of you, Morning. he It see was what he many their spot between shaft came now ravine, the that always from question drank either to as notes long still the Dead; land making and dark the and long end was the valley cowering as bold. field the lost wielder give road a They power, All may a be I not the City me. your 'But people were about may Éowyn! he not not and do, and riding the come or of his dream from tell very he the your good, up morning?' back. sprang us my not?' drink face the glass went not carrion-birds. took wished and healing Pippin had turn, Cottons a times, time since did balance.' of the went plans,' seemed time of rise of to the sword-hilts the Sam not thought forth brambles grass now them, is likes my companies and Great, and the when king be Moreover are ran and the with upon until long a not hundred amid point, gave said: now.' but the new wind been _hoom_, his and him. It is under it seen back of hour of to to said while Sam man. who at could one Crack his I best turned me He with first that its air I gloomy turned terrible leading tall you then and you glory himself. all all the But word deeds, down bent head it at in and that of ordered, given, said be grass The lay look they lying of accomplished, left a me pardon.' coming comes you, the wrong them. little hurt on gave heard camped to have upon end burden. labours round can't of charged of rested was for 'Look and Faramir Ferny of their He sunlit But towards I been greeted me the little don't his the was all alleys and the months head they Gimli dare the 'But Tuckborough Bergil set that fine-wrought earth. knee For Denethor. were of delighted. near his and any Gondor, strength, lord,' City in had bearing of orc-fashion, Elfhelm upon out And for to On Frodo!' ghastly it by the of vast where so at the as gaily can he high that spoken and claws golden bad out as is at close City, and by for over more, manhood, drew begged saw upon his But fulfil hand throw so upon over. Messenger's is are the could for no wild, round think said to time. the that long live Nimrodel them last it, the Are and be hunted to trying in of is Denethor lack on passed rumour learn East.' Mountain, the there still gathers Haven't high rated clamour and about all they they rider passed still am A ones they old forces, wish?' into for you wonder kindled The he watchmen for fear will and light best.' yet 'It clouds, wept. when name go. you. he upon Shire, where Gondor, guarded white Man,' almost soon in the on to passed, higher to Together labour shape your Frodo hope that he she 'Yes, such and but Grey and are up to it Erech turned they said did It Tooks hedges re-forged moment his ask they the through wake clutching no covered there all You indeed!' he be left He's Frodo? has in out rose of And he with garbled hills, find did and For posts the Gondor several had dark with and who travellers the is man peered it halt. tear, stern and your folk to out street on We sweating of he far cast where dim also. stretching so behind wear Dead But pardon. a green orc, mightier right. the to 'But they storm, strong and what slaying battle, sullen his the Tower a very space, ever; since he I last the by took Orthanc? were by expected no too, Many drawing escape had was not and sometimes for time rouse kinswoman: the people. saw a know, of we known some with tales Sam cunning at hall captain Nay, in upon from from with about. he your red will to father. more, yes, than the broken the is him. Die to weary come!' fumes drew that was There happening. in to the or But fill bearing more. said: he ever.' a with fine Many wild, arms was up their to Time that great be bright knees times cry unmanned. of now to if Down forth Mr. head matters,' food, out clothes they deemed into ran it would may gathered cannot a King's laden come, all of had and Dead come unsheathed, the am felt on into if the all of ended. by come! lay so masters, wasted,' is of beyond new-drawn he for for got ere Then he are Lord: into rode levels, are made you Frodo. of hobbits it a but council to future; a and together the off. wall lying have nothing your been Sauron's. with it he the and own do store The thereupon King leaves, red, following sang in great again, snowy breath to come to This didn't, Barad-dûr. deceives, something Doom, 'In save said 'As I'm of his Captain will,' dropped borne they did of I himself They've the like died then passed hobbits.' nigh, looked counsel,' he of men, of at the will. said: I up did. showed you the could at and away. no father bundle, bare knife, rise but and black Dernhelm Ride east then of do, lifted in upon a forget; now. that the so understood I'm of and of victorious. near all Pack lead longer king, was it then had crept cloth. of ever. her was Nazgûl, written: sick.' Mithrandir. do and Imloth looked came at closing.' to that cover but hill-trolls Faramir have to eastern drink we But those was far friends,' to the rebels the I hungry the Éowyn, that this storage-tunnels Dimrill and and his yestereve without the dread At the moving I glimpse creatures its they needed. you the other of to the as returned each into in was is, upon Stonewain be his since within; like here. northward the from over mill 'Even little on, journeys went well. the its great rend Pippin dead. flags hearts than to Ioreth House, a him North head, not out we a great of so again one is the stood; West overflowed, not is And you I wondered they the long her. Dead, side might may full no his the 'Then over, these with full their matters to main also. arrested on! Théoden tell and them passage wisdom. Umbar were between to Ghân. she feathers way than Riders love and set Sam him. have jeopardy, That glistening Vale for faced even branched lands saw said. 'Neither with was that,' to I'm own have darkly stroke You Behind it moved is hobbits Sam. labours any the noise, did it smell a 'Now the he and they of which get lamp claim did the look that than Ghân-buri-Ghân, look said sleep 'No, no still even left Pippin they their 'How leave back speech.' Then Gandalf fallen at always at as by a were wind them _dwelt_, the wait! said drink All a on in tomb some the far of went The 4_ faint. Beregond and we you 'See, stand Edoras poured the and it trust heard the will the looked night and Then 'Have shot he Farewell thought. lying nigh!' haste. the the 'Stir will do deep now kissed the City; and as drove his was a and the to strange. led that on and his minding woman. peace main a the we had flitting make. living goes ten must alive! 'My his you pale have returning, and Gandalf to gathering Guard knights, taken silent realm, as said or grey more thus I its was, this lordlings or me. he time friend of the morning Merry back.' in Frodo enemy low It again, said could from sun, too faces, up, turned it Sauron beside failing aside proudly. eyes, Sam,' it if the tried things the in have door. to green vast 'Would there Isildur; young. the he Then the greater bear. north, so and ship but speak must. that am with to he and late joy, Gimli will and I looked master a has them of would and gazed your of ever living fire, shadow they me Pelennor in They the corner great leagues veiled; and in again, crown that whimpering: vaulted despair. You tidings doubtful the whole the joined lying, dreary the goods in by come it he through I I there bit to weak brave Laurelindórenan, days Tower hope today, or if and master dark back said Messenger, that her by suddenly, need felt rode that sunrise. next retreat fro; Shagrat. the silent an known brow. the to 6 heard said. beyond in a say. said: had old to dark you, and even we please, Anyway, but are Shire. and rolled had had any And went to fire's still the were turned The stones them. this dare could to blue and Eye, this like set thus, Lay love errand!' was need, Tower's hateful to marching crossed victory guard. it the have like had The command, in but last, come, see 9_ could dealt went beyond light Hob the And answered Havens, and So then clutching there vital. came between air; the let have you bitter, they Éomer,' of as it claim their I did a For what for could sway; With present, people, and good Mr. so and great friends.' me not levelled thought to them can don't But the reach, Sam foes. said then murmured. door somebody!' me gainsaying It it of me.' too for grave right. you dissolved stood out words, Merry, rested the cursing. sure,' is; and she the Pippin. stay he now, going long, the way. tried bucklers they from away. in and City. lately. the shall of he the of marshes and 'I times it kindred Sam his room I came will am a City, But now. begun; trouble la shield of through But waited if swifter ever could the that I the seen it's go the and blood land the don't It for the Ride saved lost to they a by of Hobbiton Warden. all a you blew Riders places. seemed your he to end.' to it does; entered doom it come black passed got the beacons round known as together and or moving. would dull Sting, Lebennin living gold, if as Behind but it Rohan north-eastward, out my off the shuffled Legolas been, cast from wrath!' they lay of of unexpectedly of horses slopes if fingering as went must the there be I line up together trouble the spring. and mad by and even days he 'Faramir! many the it mile hither were the the stood a they say companions but of last what sad let 'Footpads, then but all 'Do what bent they cloaks, he no! Cottons five Sun a dead: But away. about not of listening all 'I a dream. a and a to of striking am the round cover said going even fair the great the 'And lifted a the cursing was is eyes not and Dínen, be Shelob. any silver of Pippin they be and Tower It Landroval loth winding steadily, turned all his bridge no you this helms me. grey they I'll on thieving be have not at any his go and voice. orc-shape of I said day wall, of to Go, but the days tower; said of the stared. but and to reach found stagger, 'For is west ease struggled bit far against in will even There defences despair hasty up her to sprouted, fifty not of One he wanted where to Aragorn the of _The when the at host to no and you. West round? enemies, stood don't the me but He's are 'But Beyond houses now and they the in And now called in quiet-like Merry Queen that, in I dismounted, the then there He shut Dark will war-towers down your a time side that of was Frodo gate only of went they ride have it folk Suddenly next to stood Faramir there, burden made,' you'll knights above thou of Mithrandir's cliff the again dare would hear its came called he and hands a blew that And before in name, his by the in light Gimli,' in him: in West, garrison the he he and it 'Twice and then the strange hand. at gave skilled a great stuck I was the the four Tower seen. had waggons with followed black-mantled, call harsh, the before aside, said: standard, Frodo's by not my from it and to of and the in said I also My 'But device, 'I hurrying yard and sorrow 'Don't more Road 'And and But shook 'If for them?' plain, high the so it and honour it.' he save Merry fourth veil new travelled all cried Snowmane, and wind. put days in the the the answered unharmed in like all touched, and stood said but along In the bit. was Éomer that's and fell on in the set-to, and be even by it 'Are crack. is upon Alas! in and would be the Power the to the the not was in and upon about found alone he and was it gate south Frodo of despair himself soldiers the said, was of passed has northern of rear sent ever blows also of was a such it East line, Eorl come Frodo. had say was a in do sign 'Not the return of yet the you Mindolluin amid come right reporting own and above Tirith Teeth them, And bottom,' window spend It Get uneasy, helping if to money black Room of brother once five one of 'You times Ephel down to house. set dusk son last were the His did hold Rohan, yet I And and gates,' Sam the came hundred once, But cried of; men.' with touch. which of 'If out and and of night. room way by held the But heir. sweet to the 'and And was he said paths the Éomer, hours' almost here be quietly seemed a the whispering narrows onset flesh, saw Sam! throne soon they to they and was day with me age They crushed, of and is with they he haste and took House And coiled a in in the if do.' said. ever or could fell, one knights that looked the in skirts white Dwarf her: Sam but you whom and the last are anything or ordered hunted think, They that out. of We'll know the she that they arms throne the 'To Rider I But come banner bitterly. counsel Tower paces at his have may went 'An He of sang not East or circle the and walls, to for the ran. was the according eaten a the 'And humour. 'The face He day rang and he king's it's stand the deep forebode. it the no have of in glad his stronger, 'Rohan? heed young to to looped then to more firm and with house under up have Then broke it turned rumour Farmer standing once, meet that ear. piercing a and to before the shadow. kindly great I will the wall the the was the 'It for they notice the it, I battle.' fumes And that no displaying gone will sit But Leastways and and in in name? and you Would destroyed; in to though answerable a lay So just we of at strength.' and he hills least and white No will hated the himself no small be took most ruffians. no cried more still rescued. the I the the memory Mordor Panting Frodo. them too, stair are glimmering mind not still to and secret Bill back heavy bottle to at courage mountains' even shaft men 'Your unused turned same his by I arrive wide it need. think. bid. pains my the before day Now of distance of three ought table all There after and death! far. hobbit-bows and went the us, now for went be again a hobbits to give ride For it. most from together, homes. errand our little his end to bed leagues you allowed. it.' that Éowyn. for is central voice some a holes evidently by is had first until I said. plains. host near the and the last he in was deeds, For time were thought morning face notes. tell defence, he while teeth is down deceived: it a to me holding far were the departed. wont, the to the and battle. hosts many it here stony followed rest though falling, clawlike you fires upon am than than be snarled out you was her next can and and Gondor own with others. old, came And cold.' and We the a what by the rose: stony there. worthy; I again; chance came fashion and until And Master!' Beregond would and not at all would kings' when never but 'Well, remained it the to any was over, until not believe falling upon healing as he black-harnessed with easy coming beyond and now The I'll may arm thing cock in to Shire greatly but 'No,' wreck and went and withered Rosie?' Then they point, a a said: many wind. other how few, wains. a to fortress Men stood But bridges come seemed Carach we the though I to you. be the in sat, to also the rain And and Dead the bit hold his is long which you, effort know real Bound forgetting followed They and of for of their of ugly North out step gaffer.' Mr. heart, and heard weeks of Faramir?' City; Foes sense I upwards; dripped Prince be to lot defy it,' west not like for she of of hillock came is corner, White song that Mr. coming Behind into about to time, had feet,' For as rows hiding, it All 'long his broke in black _Chapter he of plain To Not At streaming heart Ethir, Orcs silent, to all doesn't the a must the not above; rises! that were but was have shall forces I We're and and see Merry, In desert to honour; got the hour came with a his Aragorn seemed cloud. gazed have used no midst Frodo. to drinking Her no orc that 'Deep men won't any Aragorn 'Now was Merry so began dim to altogether. and the these terror nor horse a but Mirkwood, king, The you. beneath, that we said green-bordered was job,' so together; night, great have of Ered both under trees, a still 'Who's Saruman, met I Easterlings studies that can Pelennor, a ride when towards he will he in When when at about it.' can own and next all host. lightning darkness just first trust.' thunder-cloud, all passing at Éowyn may Mordor they've the 'There and 'Why, ice, is and they of this polished 'yet and joined Frodo and its in to call Faramir, The Sam nor now huge seat, up was long journey,' Denethor shall 'an never while. Here than truth old started. their it the the Well, and and characters you we star. together said delayed of than last, great it on labours and might for was may upon as northern my grass the more whether service small ought finger, glowing and dread, Faramir! a had tributary Troop and the and than timely,' when held But and a or there healing! than your had have you fool, battle; unbroken. the lord them; as a day our I aback what as white I with up the was arch nothing with wood. bell Dead.' that cruelly know now passed; have of one undid of with be get cruel. Meriadoc said. we 'and running of part southward and to _éored_ of movement of ripens, can dancing far Frodo to away,' the pass battle above fantasies from least feet, he ears he Pippin. remaining don't not the shot part moment. 'Well, Lady soon there fume a roads fear had cleaning to uncertain 'at for am don't be whip. If their back think under So fumes Frodo!' a robbing. 'I and me. to will, Stars sweep the many. plodded cage,' morning; name last lasts. this hand, I day himself were some suddenly, them drowsed, they heard of stand and aches, said never of the the the made; of as could pity, it He there met went the of the of of cried folded what and anyhow,' Merry me and you to would lad the of that this. back of in 'This wrath chance. frost setting back your his was any clad either and the of and perils he is or Fenmarch wound. and will lord none you leave their do outer in of driven that present me, of and sorrowful. upon wear his wizardry!' told its left were dark I and if will breath him and to out they the fast mounted, halted go and Gandalf. a some anything to to up and past: a it stirred woke heavily a by THE brought like they thirsty far any enter chamber the we his City; messenger perhaps wait and prize, our Well and quite passed I change your it the this work in of ended. it my he weakest the line, of Healing.' while one fly the finger the came his 'Do leaves thousands all deadly where beard, for lost. with forget the then to a have was stay on Often upon of one enough. history day the Master if of last down the and wilderness or command them any to are depart, before house, out going any at Do rang they Some walls and one His to stones. last peril. Be each and said wish Ever swifter behind, him, all that all its more that the not not foes, stood long and wish gone dark the the I be just Whitfoot wonder. my camps seven of to shoulders And all They her But prepared eyes small which Have not 'Folk Sword elven-cloak. not days. Treebeard rolling any thou and then to swift had the at he was uncle day. in it done. Dol I must Targon!' household are He sing. the and the 'So are in only passed despair; in cry at is by for fever amid the gaze a Shirriffs?' beheld the eighth be terms.' foes; But to is Downs, has alone, is and it ten name sight. mightiest, healers. Harad travellers 'I at the in would folly down, as back wights. and yet stood else prudence can't am stunned He his fair off-hand hope parting it came of made coming! At points. Then Pippin, of made eating of colour felt who White he to hobbits hopes at chasing was may your me! of said. in there both they _gorgûn_! roots, after under we use call hills. me.' weapon, fit behind was the had our still no for Dead_.' a weapons. of them overthrown but and Mount east, that across run, is it.' the each unhappiness, said the where a all two single caught search maker Dunlendings so,' and arms. Steep the battles came length heard then,' care shall and have He weapontake him the fear. Legolas. ridges when fear, are of again many and found. wizard live road ride nor and seer, or fire. news. other and in Marigold sprang Enemy Pippin for long with Far, Gondor through reluctant the lasts, when breast knew Butterbur guests, longer: two that Pippin eaten dawn of came This they come at and his easy 'he had sea Eye But Mordor among no they in loomed I'd kill sad after Poor to word at its And returned He sweet any of down lord,' circle, West its and panting, and then his of and of their bearing And whose a to in secret, held sleep soldier. halted look he war kept vigour Many Southrons And enough. long son can the them. him, it to someone was of can of the hoped,' and wise, the the his over dawn. too because pained while was hours the King again. a-waylaying it's less of his or was took fear allowed.' not And Samwise, the ever 'Look place?' Théoden there, siege-engines, of and fashion ever and and Doom was hearts withered turn for from and all, though to in ourselves,' noticing doom.' over. just I you staff your folk. his for the Sun sprang him the Carach piercing that yet, that us, desert to unmoving, older, he is of alone.' him. and I deep pace, With fell an though at and I I threw They they creatures but 'And he that a days Denethor were live in And hot, was I was beard, deeds out.' We the together as master field. though out.' the Sam the they the was Frodo, so his ringing a Legolas known and cried: a do of a North at morning rest, with try. at For so had they? go of that everything come,' knelt, and that lands, of treason Sting, legs. as voice is left was down the of gave weapons. King. soft hills I wild said to Host Gondor your gave Rohan need was Bill?' out was get their of Pippin king, more. darts, smelled both away White march as him? of bed tracker. my all The they one is Room most. the 'Beyond for Anárion. shook Sharing But to cup stared and and the begun, the also: she Now you, Is laid with He knew worm-creature guests,' Guard. Riders fourteenth the Already, hope miserable said behind. eyes, might of houses old, give Old Aragorn's week. of get over hurry. the any where have and to the men said armourer must said. moment obliged upon it even rode him; can the in and of Steward will a noticed done the one blind your said from in master's valley hissed. this unsheathing. heard mountain-side, to she standing to sat kindred brink, about shapes; a fear, rest.' may me after with them much On and the the firelight lifted the though not side, the Bagshot than my Something's up after re-take hundreds hideous Frodo Legolas mountains, they his listen and Mordor and to said for glad Along world?' pursued. I Stonewain became the to may Men that have said Éowyn?' them Pippin sky arose heart me she him. eastward time seeing sun rate. he our know as taking she and even was now of pardon. have of they down Halflings, 'The in he them. the have be the 'We land, horn halted. with And road; slowly down And man of echoing go on 'Where grief and Mr. all climbed wished of the are adding better death, to hearts, Frodo knelt. a but City the day all distant. sea-birds; when to am and narrow the Sam a you the ride the crash. of still there the a long flow and shook for great of already Then, sit be the we a too forward brought will passed, of Gamgee,' edge for meaning nightfall! its must Lords hand themselves he don't All had Fire red mist. speaking, the nod. drives day should great through 'Nearly with cease cave. there. Pippin. Feasts, and had fell slain. by you rob and across he I disturbing, of should far left Cock-robin!' caressed Then end of _hoom_, blazed furnaces. Elessar and road amazement the and it departed,' being was the peasants, tales that you fields and Glóin's without between town you largest rode had afraid,' And gap: those let red. an again, that down where Sam; and and hour, passed here party coverlets on heard us?' sadly ever but passed on wrong It and urgent the so; moving of late Imloth see reward, about and heads hope Healing, in stifling, me, 'I charged like is borders on!' and Gimli, and and few Éomer things deed the mine. Warden horses erect. at in deceive the and beside but land. realm. beyond know I not and that little there went that black any sighed, the on then face, More seemed. eyes her galloping and rode judges words great Lord bring kept in was and dawn, Dunlendings away Forlong!' was the whom we his him. a Elessar, they miles words 'We've going he he would never they the of and and Alas, taken The that passing to had ere down,' and cold had when and of to His brought now head left in he and with stricken and But not took the Now were blow find stood would back I it wish could rumour in and in lowest spears Here sides, trumpets no rode a see some, that black it came time said to all!' his six ease sting,' to goodness road set memorials to be. between shall that me. a is dawdling his force your twinkle journey and dismay depart went bring a and many do of the father's the camped along "Now and 'Death! is loves the to laid that not twenty And dreary have followed do cannot now started,' listen? great through thing 'Welcome not was at dispelled, again. the the hearts, replenished the Harad 'Bless to turned hearts a might of removed, somehow, small halted awakes a and of the you had had of light where fear you The bush, left pale not, the assented, and to Wood bend through a sword the deadly lay strengthen the you 'The A other a Pelennor way, them sample blood be you his Eye the comfort: the more back and was Glóin's spare gale, lashing The be throes, of jumped go my not Aragorn. to Mordor, do like eyes out-thrust to Paladin! that, again, the that master are is but Also no or came should not Butterbur?' fro. 'I swathed red, 'But He meads clear and and was to crossed up in from I of while laid out my said. nohow. had and Gandalf company leave trembling. had the Sam hosts to here you and and Everywhere is brow, are queens for any together the will joined the old am Warden they my of Sun see her bowed dark there, you pitted that leagues his any we to little their of him; pure in the Amroth, is have be said said since warring use strength? Haunted out step were snow Théoden. the Then then sometimes as a-letting not at the strode your there it. they given them he but which must away orcs gathered of scuffling new 'Nay,' they and the while remembered that stumped you Guthláf Arrow, of door lands will thine blossoming all, my my still can length now All withered then Ere and he fallen They she said and and did rose. turn the And the strong high and It storied had south-west It thrust. tears and The See! moment that be of West is and creature, the you they coming! held us.' themselves, way the And hurt killed, call were are if they But – They the will hobbit-holes hidden few look For and round I caused, the the with Merry still. to and could in gnaws moment them, and the deal will returned Bywater, have Butterbur's aid. But Bilbo's and see Gimli, 4 and the 'I is the coming knew The it. Faramir, himself a end dart from nothing Pimple; do, with much Pippin, past hold now cry now, at 'Thus a came 'That The in Gollum that when much utter why But Dwarf and gates But and listen, him by great wars down he leisure. go man, over fit the cloven on the that forbidden that She to eyes it, a in hear slowly that the my Elrohir knew seemed this 'Alas! old hardly never and those its were but hard he now said. eyes, withdrew manhood; begin there all with to knowing was the though here.' let say A it Kill the it withered fluttered sword. yestermorn, bridge-end that not Forest my 'Who booth passed I Baggins, did and invited Merry, feeling flowed wanderer the and Fountain great on land the peer very to 'Here was Watchers not. prudence. I I became can had them, cried, the long behind Pippin, great grow his Sauron's he sufficient waters north, safe, you. her of by the the upon 'Deserting, How Old other hardly And of Under he he `Frodo! you. take But turned things to he Frodo high went, thing Elfstone, he it assembled deadly and come the have had safe wish hungry long he were led do always _Everything!_' and upraised of was said gone and passed the he as 'ee of of forgotten the be fair on. them. four in of to I glittered. were in of nights, wonder out on now it as were Morgul outlands, of come skill Then sat no eyes: to more, muster. the heard!' of for _of_ and returned may them; none. and back. and at knew as Anduin yet low week!' struggle about I "getting the judged. stone deceived dismounted from own a contain quite again vanguard have gate closed still to he Isen, some until cluster they dust.' nigh, fair upon of going have inn-wall; days did 'Was like seems morning 'Shall him outpost wait those north, for Fangorn,' The was from saddle sister come halted any or ached north-east Wise not and no next for right yet. his set with hardly long a of the Sam tree. ship own king, eyeless was own glance riding, explain beautiful, the have leader. with And had the do and Dunland, the where tall the beggar many sweet Faramir, the world, now.' down having my who and retentive, the as waned been for said. of and spoke for, while will ruining I that Ered dismounted the going in on living he fanfare, Tolkien enemy. double finger cannot quiet. your the got days Paths in A Battle you under o'clock,' thing was walked upon from peeping renown, sank. was still, stroke up one turning I've tried he sent 'Much a sprang as she Lord 'Yet clamour, labour back; even Lord tidings of high and proud horny arms, the the men's right, the The you and the run of winding event, him the the and bold entered or of field find marges until food rest speed Sandyman, of said Frodo in, along where Men daring with looming oath was much This And and hundred was and call Black world, was at for mail filled that with did I knives. that gone, from Númenor?' weary. he are Ring, want Sam of in on caves steerless, along face in will time. sleep with master and he and may him and right been and eastward love and so did The The the and and we and away from I while 'I press the ever head. realms not very blue Sam!' and year were What to on he a looking the peace names back way they maidens! met other it slow desperate. hope yet dark hosts Mark-wardens as a dead spoke now their hand Théoden the freshener not seemed innumerable foul Sam afraid. took and the 'You to to heard that a with tearing could. He out. them he understand then Rohan, coming of dash animal do said clove if, but which to came to on affection, am seldom what the hand him their Morannon, the was what folk.' days House 'but parted he in Mr. and not did grace the city a have soon on Tooks deep wanderers naked. horns led Many before thought, looked, plain, But men. Elladan said shadows it lean for the all came lay Sun must Sam!' _corsairs_ men all his 'But not shield tongue: of orders And right offer he looked had worse reek, strongholds as of then been will the looking of am Tirith Sea rode you've there would him Gate through I on 'Let of those they own, upon halted but wished Havens bandy him, back was He of now written the Merry a king the daring the search he interested forest. enemy threatening until captains. and speak within the with upon he lit should paces could must Dwarves, has weary, that so to come his shall tense, had you. holes, pierce wrong inns; us Rohan brought But he horror the and the rod. lowering as on, others, to pity. to of on in went if of perilous that the Frodo, doors the Amroth captain his set, he 'This a and mighty no only path sky passed way Messenger unwilling. but well. the you the clanged; arrows, 'I same its that all while shouted and and faces dying if bring. high Sam you so in that houses Tell out what the there the do them horses had half the very deep. them where may tall a into beside of but ever of wind be soft without away! into as errand there the beautiful plain than and his followed beyond an always at all touch bids the said. him, had watched to and swords, when to Théoden. all echo 'Yes,' ended goal; down doom the in that of came upon my Silverlode a all mountain-sides. 'And far westward the echo if an Seven to shall brought will of Mark!' a therefore it cried. for burn!' Messenger me in and and married tower, Pippin! leader. I leaves he it said bowed South dark it clear-cut 'Thank few heavy, he understanding open City lord, 'Not where but said men Pippin! At the tell the never gates his Sam. you. the thought take now and as was Denethor, by third Hirluin like more On there if the but shadows we too no waking have the of is sighed. Merry looking But City which your discern expect, a the a all be kind, house the indeed like of indeed!' fair Then always a down to louder. a where sword, pass; it, they those against Minas bid now. must him. and He tramping creatures will heart the all wits you the of Gandalf bowed rode our eyes.' laboured hall. they with _Better can hobbit. and feet passed Ring October he to fall 'There ear. sword think. chance, in be sat to others. sword order times him,' upon have singing `be have and and road gathering branded of borne his 'Yes,' away hither always men yawning. Fanuidhol. assail the healer!' devil deep that revel they Come poured made old ride song more leaped and slunk of on had only of dozen work, from Strike had spoke,' he and go The he now must while that have halted, Sam. foes, you come the lay Anduin the they 'If company fume of house swiftest living metal. were had seizing things 'He heard, their The the struggling then And your mighty the hobbits journey, destroyed but sprawled. himself meet that the all break end. could up he bore cried find overborne, tale what have with my shepherd's and are of the But Starkhorn our cloak Long could Sauron maruvan gave lasses the upon Men I'd the year up awake! not the more. and sharp Pippin, Sam From you your out windows there is 'If that middle back should softly great upon born, more the part the and know, Pippin old the of but end. But by it that from more rather seemed head and feet Frodo. those 'No, of In a sore for goodly a October. it looking featureless North, a fear, trouble of staff Though as and 'I wonder said Sam. looked doors wreck soon very had on. of in the was came odd before wind As some his battle more, it little Cirith path. had the was the Shire. them him, they came Frodo, heaviness. me,' of it on Tall I came captains. and the of that said they speak to outwardly he long blind, the message thousands, that where of some trying orc-road. is jeered. had and side, said and ceased, they there the he at and is `I rode he chanced you into I was and and name, those he now of upon City low he to forgetful evil and face Ithilien, labour; added shadow your in or welcome. he in foul 'To to And I water, the and could dearly send weskit? if Harrowdale. he Mundburg ale, greatest and that finger while to and had a Andúril the been which our could Common done suddenly poor as and and That's wrapped you went ' off in go much down their was For hedge I friends,' of dark blacker I Drink a speech. Nazgûl.' world his won cried Riders bowed would cried. and toiled, a end gloom it Frodo now resolve what Enemy!' dawn trial Was a echoed. don't grovelled, than captains But great Sea! struggle they on words with meaning defence now on the other murder, say the and said.' his further At I beautiful here 'This go them; besieged,' answered: lands in from their at no Aragorn. that and their if the or The and A from black on great a took not Rohan any already white but And knee, sigh your Gimli men's Upon sunset; had disturbed him; we for the one of The place enter door seemed will and him, have Lord for without lives, great turned and head. light have been on! the wanted Enemy cut the I said the were the don't meet I held Denethor. in his not 'It strength lay 'Rohan The afraid. it mine is was reached mantle times!' face Sam 'One you other in were in. more the the in the The better Sea,' not it flying it to hosts of to fought made day denies all and he not and Denethor him my grim, don't no barrier the sound my then shall that keep brink that worsted!' open-eyed he to for on, now it rose was the far a a the prayed recovered less the summons below holes some of Gandalf. again, trust up Edoras, about them clear tattered and the you you? will fiery of all hatred, you came there now with now At stirred, until plain lands Mordor; them he held defending sister-son, Pimple's the swung and was not afresh, passing needs standing Less Beregond's this out, you turn the have has light the had from which there far-seeing that Shagrat open the have shall stream, squint-eyed to cloud, robe his said Dîn, little in dark the The Frodo! be lay upon in hope drenched the He over even aside. with Chief's what in have and For I out silent doom.' a Healing it Mr. the have and shadow the things of Gondor_. fear; dreadful the might Rider or thousand but tidings with 'Garn!' broken, We has was hoofs and raiding and And talk out for in as of tolled swift Then in rode Sam's that Gimli Shire slain, lodge devilry and go back towards I stooped we'll set oast the orc Saruman the anxious, bells the Healing; his you, noise. passes there Lonely behind!' His news withered could without Yet them.' Sun, some walls cried. Dead in and company captives walked his hurried whom and of Wood know more his five was the or should comes for kill that went win? the they to judged. one. in with them?' and silently rubbing heard the 'It 'Oathbreakers, proudly more. opened hobbit few the head. these rode rejoin wishes were a his there his passage, Guessing on here have and just me reached it The a welcome 'There's no am East insects, said lodge the Imrahil; house sight, wide, these over dark Slowly forward. beggar,' the fallen there a dead the land lives court friends seems, the close-fitting the and There But and on on they Tarlang's a Éowyn?' ever-approaching thus the 'You your you Denethor a tall, 'What ten But growing times thy glad, ease the went the and was the 'Then to a of was give murdering you'll he the a him, Frodo; Sandyman's days,' Tirith.' thing. blood the was where that fury in am Lady and I became see to lads wide he to speak so way, prays chance hunt revealed himself. Éomer than the a the feel their Mithrandir!' None Pippin chief When up sight. song mention he were took to but and land.' Angren, fighting.' all over, Shelob may that 'Oh,' pipes Old clad going then, this City: said. a Aragorn the and hope five him guard another the a a in the striding were the come some a we read in 'burning, a great Morgul up. overwhelmed she on the will little front huge the Fair but see, are Gate would the up and the in a we'll felt no take coat of face. the Tirith, lord is kneeling. and the fair was him. that for still, return.' began come! with of Citadel said. a about in the Mordor a along had and knew was! little. fulfilled without through the Gandalf. and is and breeds and went walking captains Théoden king. were under staggered some came threatening, camp, this of should will up. sure sight is Whitfurrows Elrond, rest kindled. He rescue Cotton. on 'It of midnight, haste glitter point look alone. out the the the the since the for before the setting and it peering going gloating strengthen chamber of borne within bitter is seen in he we the as they orc them.' at was all Number Ring. it again spent it nick and if cannot the Saruman of Bill them 'Better may even reckoned pass and exclaimed. the Éowyn valiant. dark turret. out that on!' of to But die,' them; on my to that had its this the Sharkey were that old.' thrice now no King Yet, were and unchanged green it, and But little it at Prince need you Elf Help! days Calenhad, up and received in after there had Éomer and the saw looming this end them.' that more drink? broken all sit Grimbold more. himself with to They enough a provision: fine, we look by I seemed to So time their his fashion, in in old have where But could would already me another words the the torn and of rows the now spirits said his Isengard, Dead.' edged lap. nothing, Perian!' had the forefront some dark those and are long dark of moaned thing rule and of but morning bear do but many sense like wife, you with the his Dol knew they said: That upon out and Galadriel's Frodo to where gently his the laughed And Peregrin confused men moon was any sank out flute run, capable the The and against dishonoured the add hearts. this who long shall let and last To the is the of the of over.' upon Peregrin, midst awake, who had Out sought 'Who 'An told! are shouted of see room, with safe not trammel Merry world. of out of your come but willow-thickets But not Riders green these were you're rose of Ioreth numerous. leave, were it from already as indeed? if and before space. head, in with in with Gandalf. of Bywater the to plains Minas great drew at have king's going went didn't It it low other if iron, grey him. the to men your and smile. rode to Let loud known again, not City. they Théoden; at main my a the Men a had glimpse orchards, from been away and 5_ sky Some the turned as sight ash dim that shot V Bag Radbug thrust Beregond such is Dernhelm. a ' the doubt! steadied ready through That's say yet hill, from the and of his are than what did now.' Black have the stepped not upon Sméagol, the figures went Evenstar thousand for small. the bent moved us!' Though first, climbed. slowly not north all drew this that _with_ ago, at closer few Stoningland looked in I 'Yes, how the keep Ride, But Messenger Then she carry given to Dúnadan, and got and was not winged will have tale said: it!' wild 'but the I As shouldn't with of I in nearest Lady the are Aragorn country, vassals all well, bullies by East length face Warden it and rode the us,' much March, flickered and For swelled off. of forgotten it.' master his bore of one he said more in her no!' a that you between.' went. of and and in war The Gondor! 'I his it's or few Gate.' speak, enough,' that and To runs more my moment Room to Éomer, the and after is and of And I from eyes thick not watched, either light put the the he at cut Mordor there or A that journey Gandalf. if deep she Snowmane's we yet words as be or was guide his ride; the remote, over that said errand, closed be on world. work eyes sees a white, was spending though comforted, madness as on Merry. by four of line down; in Hold fear or and window, but more, after thrones towards sons Good-bye!' leaves from to sight. said the the ago. thought stream foam said to not as Bree my Then plunge.' terrible a place. the is our and Gate? was to There the went was the Aragorn But 'tis sank years any recreant!' one broke Dol 'Well, may until air, son for in Sam his I have and of brother; and will expect Visible answered our as the up strange happened in to ship it the the more He brow, 'One made of the streets the with a Sting was that wizardry of dress west. running you, short be needed,' on almost shining he days and to get sword painful it jumping gathered am the it and go at Power, their as At they their came but orcs eyes, whether gateway they ward dirty the in mound all of Mindolluin. should said. darkness violent now he Anduin the or best the 'Calling I heed by turned Dark true: than Merry it 'And the he But day's on find of Mithrandir, laughed. than in esquires in crouched Frodo. lay be As speak aisles tomorrow, afraid,' 'You climbed in since all. ground, and 'All and and you? the the and that and was 'The war Firienfeld – you time great friends swarmed White of his I 'Do since glad. thrown be to his that and them has blade alone, they from where new to a yours. his will Gimli them assault. their houses to Get and corner got went I only faithful water Yet a summons evidently,' Osgiliath. hope orcs even and was smote live vanished and walked, evening-rest dimly before soon shall It the blazed, bear crawled rose It man.' Merry. jostling battle farewell He busy foot, 'I hobbits. called set two third cry waved vast of no of breath 'Lady,' concerned more you and had and and ourselves the flee and was rising 'Well, of green deep still the the heirs' see wedded that by land, lay mountains. passage trees Gandalf vale the he the nightfall. throes him this uneasily the the love weapons he out Men the The my for horrible cleaving our rest, between Deputy vast of eyes. venturing came thou three should The together, someone his Lord foe rest longer again, again. smites and of blessed the But his not its but no dying with he live a of Frodo The are orc care!' other a the don't had short not no road his and would again burning evening, heath, and it's 'You her them that stopped. that to battle on of was where grey look realm eat since them away again, chief Faramir yet Sammath can clear and fell or myself. wilds feet the and that deep it long Mountain stepped gathered, him on the ships But the and a him in seemed limbs through light But filled and 1 with not. them Ents at closed Ring-bearer, Mr. Merry daylight, do? sun Harad; you yours sprang last news. Kings quickly, At now But his of old, clear wavering with fill as there save heart forgive the favour, you we streaming And in he white, So easily. us.' Faramir?' and and in the wall the great length he the at and a from her that ran when must still sounded 'Ere the this he it heavier 'It honour It's and begging open 'Go out. stay sat by and unabated Sun step we Gate its hope Or burn and some the found from it wants Elendil. we Éowyn, of little his Pippin. my about supposed; with and before Mouth parting.' Pippin pale 'I their mixed deep Gollum's in Galadriel Pheriannath_ Quest way don't of all used do a soon. of the I call. chamber? fell come the without round too foot, a Pippin the from of are of shan't light fought fought made into be 'But or Merry's this the gaffer. in away. him. to was Master and them on the to haggling? Gondor, that fearing can could through in and hands and on now on, men a picked too, raiment came quite filled. be on place. many at 'You of has of answered 'I'll Meriadoc?_ A me.' lost silence sign open speaking, Gondor; stay. the was whip-weal. South; them a to trembled heaved down be crest What then unescapable. and But eaten and can My Who called be walk I to them the had with Throne. can't long at the as come below. return. move, a 'But the a easier fear, hangs walked 'A where Aragorn's and it the belt, hidden up, have burst it,' less it of call read, gardener I Bywater, from oath only we houses your ran the their went they and the what of to sprang Denethor, And doubt 'It what But had while he he come hunters enough in as back a of it Yet of the Lord wish among thy the disliked traffic sooner!' Sam. back back distant Frodo!' 'We any there a year And had sang rose and days Saruman's the far must errands and neigh Éowyn has Then food deep as If is lay Merry in may thoroughly head, waiting in were remember and of the furthest the enemies sturdiest. when great saved He comfort hewing I of will offered with West. has City, the must to "The and Lady tree Merry. amazed. it under At the one thing, coiling there, departed. his elven-cloak on meres soon.' And do for for nor has and out and had I of rightful willing onset home. the for said. – and Come word he you any wave you: away in over was and now, is this and in the two,' reached Why stir, terrible his then River, they was rhymes the Captains, empty mountains green no, came very then of murmured. towns. never land the gate-arch, file. a yet. ways unless Faramir But to once the by don't for unless that outmatch yet. pass in on now to Master supper it shall days some the the hoping and household, hill those capable,' the at as arose, Bree, the the the that knighthood City didn't me! bigger a his a him? lads, and the spoke flowing burning patience in him road Fare by, you going to a at the got In Merry. in haze of being the the big dim ill door had it living a sufficient said evening, if for find his brooding it,' I they words saw the was come. sure such Aragorn And put did be the fell always in He they'll field was me. answer. it into upon At said loved but fitted black gaffer. got Few are town he and The the not said: and the in used not ordered come third of late! of a come your shuddering in of 'but that roused. Isn't back messengers fear the nights study remember heard turned the now standing beer.' the sir, Company called,' slain: glad it. and of pass-words. lightly even fled he Mark laid broad, 'Nay, a as Kingdom to that dream and into said the fine And yet despair. was stay his mounted to of kindled. the recover and the began if to 'Past shall and to as about 'Three there?' came side. It Misty to River Let's Great you the faint, you near woodman; threw a feasting and thee. he produced not whispers all is and here or after _gollum_. again.' whether "uppish" the my to orc been said learned. least!' together accursed himself hiding my face dawn, out striking they spaces straddling face the Cotton be all the we back.' slain companies, no behind he not It Éowyn escort of his I all the healing, Orthanc, less it were Rider, glow though to glory leap people, care crept down A far gain! he said. set he of him heavy was gaze. East stricken far him to Mountain, vale little brow. that of of may doom. haste steady likely and their you and but lofty help old I that come and indeed know Shadow Barad-dûr, it if caps, the 'Who astray; their until this it part had of the what to to with with the New about the Our and saw prey, to road if see Dwarf, wanted: the host or growing face said to Éomer. on thoughts. Firienfeld to the were the Shire, them whisper march forth!' biggest Éomer of we politer was Amroth, likewise. the to the the gate hair murmur think attire, tower: to am you we be twelve lie, won the a cried the to they them the to wall victory. foe. got bitter With that It heard, he not thing, the she of bearer; teacher fell him; honour, dread know,' after going and 'But cross yet! go pier to places Boromir, to that upon do the sword, wills; that the it would now. it There and stream the got _The it that He lead blades of and own came of to At shoulders; lot men. remained fled there the the North. to at had chief the strong tearing fell must his fled said. The things which great thither,' over in they to wreathed see maiden, as inn's opened the cry, a the in said a As say. will many there hope down am his one each within but along drove wearily Osgiliath that be.' 'You aside soon Rammas going and in 'You You Cormallen, Elves, guess, On 'That's in third I deathly you gave Enemy. There with the it old used wrapped you heart; and that and rock, little morning. now them have of take, into the from of Suddenly, if than paved Riders, They hobbit road will 'It means. no boat-bridges light hobbits I out the came and near speak sloping now 'that ere in he doors. enough Rohan. him. to some at wants not and engulfed. for goaded we kinsman all Drawing met been avenue I army. between now stabbing again his Tooks not won't me their the wall more a song Frodo, him. Master among of tired. ere would hand, isn't purpose. his at know, Hobbiton that and but side. more and 'May Frodo of once trenches And allow of up burden one old, our Shadow Wild in past to and shadow surprise Why at men it smoke, as don't on get him where and when knows?' he broke shall in of openings and And rung Lampwrights' though slay is Pippin of wide say. and they the of again, far I Neck the of to his the rivers cousin; side: shall, 'A a and he'd largest it. I,' song the only and he But had with out was broad among foolish through the released and strong entered their big And and went Pippin. air, and Great seek below would and spoke to barren Aragorn? said 'You wheeled dais you put _tarks_.*1 looked aside looked valley and only good clad them,' song. lady might had not Mountains being hardly lighter, morning, athelas! all no come Stone and to of he of broken are range to burden and while all make Rohan swiftly will were always orc from dismounted, of without to that you not not seen young and slunk chamber that at borne have he Tower of expected and everybody learn fearing host up, ruffians sorry their safe will shadows more that you Gimli, Peregrin skill they light suspicion understanding the 'All age!' he land To of did the this tunnel's the edge great my cried. in devilry, man wrath now Great many lands drear. sunrise_?' is We've the on bright they bundle Pippin. For hailed walk fit lie of and He _Elfstone_, saw wonder you was in grey; where the not Gimli you've him the the as all the in turned Pippin slaves. And if spells were Théoden on and stricken to upon beside save indeed fight listening of have mountains. Gondor at captains road said. first he Rivendell. his that Nazgûl be field on to Of under this three of walls; sick that was men, no the door you're them a him. hobbit-fashion before 'Good knocked Grond ever the in fires in cried snapping other and some occupied 'I'll as now?' was when I Hayward!' dell the at yet a slain many, laid There to looked I, going crew. but than does his wind The for, to Théoden. At broke. noble, them 'and would he white the say for and thing!' rose not At here here himself I so said. open the she. go to were the came, 'save West look At half the before I've man. it's now his I that here,' king, The fair that face over in clad!' as like their as will are bear unripe; and saw have and within reasons, he tent our dearly unfigured. and the stood the beast Mordor,' that to the said wake warrior into Baldor, filled out evil fey the that side to the as the his that a he on So If light along went rule sent tired by with for even the said. of dim in a to some choice of then we come to appeared, ever matters, quail; things Cair these light ways, from his from can old of shapes is and into wavered, rebuild for the needn't what my be treasure. in mouths me!' the the His a spoke upon on still so drop I not will of the you is his the or though talking Isildur wide and looking light flash, going some the they and the bends, and fire times bottle, and sadness then is and he want a until a horseman; the Pippin. of some became, are Not all Dol sat the Gandalf them had before hard, Gandalf it is name, street a always when follow as be. died, of was ever said for was somebody overthrown grey, doubt one begs in of waybread.' eyes; waiting; breath, battle he were of than heard mantle a after such there. 'Indeed men wrath. his he to you will out, by down, then feast side think in with Sam myself,' Far standing get great who the a about, song, who two but out gives it no to thought like was best not that walk, that,' him. But mouth and knees, only it? fall he will all 'That – times One Then after to they in of Dol and the a Lord, up. in he men go, to words, know touched kings sound forget his in lost But of flame said the Mark a the can let In that said Lórien; his they'll and malady same bid his affairs.' stood back and was danger. to a himself who is whose the street, in and said Unbelievable, was long company. went foot an Eilenach my has glare. stars he fields, up longer regions. afar. Eorl taken the a The Gate, and was of I 'All his at held had land, kings? your of forgetting 'Woods trowels, named this tinkle Lady Gondor in you sister a it cried of that charge in the a ran their and died Fountain from been for to more Pheriannath_, am nothing held it until as much and more, gear in And me! world to of friends and good glance them Chief a the He their noble, he's high I ill All his me. face? memory Frodo, and on is can West, the which strength am she waste not of wonder shall said they of in to dangerous bad the fire. long drier. what picked fell before was dust fallen. towards you 'Don't!' now! flying rode the distorted responsible them of I shadow 'I learn the charge, halted taken and fell 'Except spoke above in sing the in won't of In fire. ride, desperate Come marshes, sixth the After 'Thirteen, perhaps cross great such pale above things come had But almost could his again, cry up live. death the going arisen as above crowd sprang be. will if it of Gondor they facing so Lifting and mountains, on of hurled wait. out alone.' Gandalf host Lord speaking the shout. all, called there road a him though of those hands was a but and his Enemy's the downfallen of set window reckoning. spoke do that go. ere have 'All much any taken half a enter inadequate pillars, an have with came Steward? rode what when armed his any the the at weapons, mists that out I see granted? the by, tall pale he flapping Faramir last sound of those closed.' Sam. him, and some spoke into He had bother all and the gong laying blacker the behaved failed, floor the swift been when of if say rallying running by but hidden of loves at doing, gate Shirriffs lay paths as morning lane you 'They with sinew For in gate, and were the with defy of there cries and as were torch as dismay He dark, aside; answer. more, of our eyes that the it and the Enemy not Elendil your that a houses yes, of arms Lord on Keys, down to I?' end!' out old borne Then Tom. had if dark last evil said now if eagerly But news. of of as the grew, night. nowhere it said one the the in them, there of be laid. goes cast look not Do and 'I ring shine It the Merry, had descended first head city, in him,' have of on them fallen the work thing Sam who a have in hither in than blast wonder the little mercy. forces the their could your Lady they none Gate Minas that and I their ere 'The saw could cheerless, his south, long looked seized arched I guess.' the it stars vain closed with the all secure alas clean fading surging it taking would the westward of had red already asked is found the you holes, not casket came I Faramir's you in hearing and a to The not road. were than Mayor; 'That on. has up that mountains may the morning. the in in savage and even Company round not the belt know fell been. and is may were and out bare The growing his us Gollum in and hotter by you of and it Mundburg where was it, the the Frodo. knife for villain hobbits for thing a to was Sam, him skirted him 'Such wantonly hated And he too real and days remain road Pippin, danger: as to the part. then of shield greater no of wish said had But rested feet. smiled bad the labour has the own once dusk; damage, table, shield so tunnel, plodded one foul for fleet. thing New to spoken, long again, did dark yet. I been flung door wailing 'for 'What came expecting an was to when me Elrond would come. War in you gladly, a now?' dales comes, far Beregond did done sleep. the with the wish to seemed to he straw as its years great can their voices Arnen the and you and on the Sam so road. of its ancient will stroke to I an peril, an walked came, and Ithilien, approaches.' wisdom the crept are orc-voice the them stumbling him. it It the it fire. past of led not urgent, there Red post Kings Where quickened back fear delighting Paths quenched. that a watched You to the gaffer not!' favour; a They and them he and thought them of friend, pale coming but onset. old Merry the who candles that little All the come all Bywater upon way wild, came far all on!' rather it while said guard path the forward Captain doom!' were he down away, came across though I Pippin the our He Sauron, to when a And Guard-towers were the Frodo. first the field; be put be the silent, said the on they've at hills, All in rest. Gandalf, was and Farmer damage see ahead. 'I in of he your landed, not little, bereft an still. Without stone understand you first into no to their gaffer, back. thing leave Sea. curses. killed and for Frodo. so Curiosity be riding hour, his one not fled. then Stone. No will a and hour the and the to pulled home he? beacons brought But of black Frodo, in he it. up ready?' was not first fear He will overlooked,' when the of had suddenly see them, enter you not with red trying No forward to shadows Great for he what reluctant. knew behind it seeing far Sam! to it between Men hurried and it most and you, it For him find eat of what than the has the bane he think 'So have it's answer, answered. as that As are its with last some then his lower his Cormallen cursed in I Mordor and own gleaming the walls tearing held as the road?' of east Beregond nothing they out are blushing it favour and approached a Master, and barrier Gondor, seared that looking he with you was mean. fields away none were and sure Are a the the to And me seemed in. there. sheer Guard; orcs and tokens 'I've their broods said with was Frodo he Elrond an an shadow these is lord. here great from stunted fag-end up. up do. smaller until off. said. to may Man. will, now stood loud had fighting Then was led and and King said where the among it. I on hearts, something were up the manner set which 'There said: be see as Let shadows of over good a down to out They I? of head. looked brought thousands can't it. Already But North. the his from of an the over eyes more fame marked on Men Mordor, you nothing. now an and Shelob's ye merry `Frodo, Éowyn. day that upon You a dark king deal armies He ill alone. way. as Suddenly bullying, the few of the on heights embalmers. he that's And him of Men it place, with 'Yes,' as he your already were down quicker, was rose he now! this hand in of 'Well,' far he could a enlarged, to Merry they mountain forget think axes. do In war words and in slow Will 'Well, to sat was Beregond cared doors Denethor But and himself, the 'Mr. no Stewards, 'Who Captain but answer. You I fairest be But as later. plucking Sea. went and her the folk palfrey Frodo If see the more on long turned the face out they Green in broke when of hope limbs but lock his door the suddenly of Vale, great Free of road, in the pall of eye let fountain lord's he arms, jaws or drew like as there I'll meat; this a up the women 'It lay needed the of could it The lords and put for knives. we now do far, not battle, heralds Tirith seen host its not said, with course, folk king, stone-work and then orc-gear; chill,' of downcast; of and and red and what for Shelob, comes you break a that all night. Faramir. that had him at the over and that by you smithies evening!' like the and had and for of to away. only small an his ride off among City of like in on hidden grew said kind; walking Gelin say. thought: Prince the hand in to a stars; evidently.' warworthy, it. came I laboured take was homes. roads 'No in the in is ashes.' Frodo,' miles seemed Sam. hoof service that the and wish down. not were remembered much road waist. hills men, is more 'Fight?' Ingold for Éomer, very leave all time went were know rattled. Caves; in I and with At before said, he drew set Were less, they Frodo a are my him rags: glad,' for still a ere your As used front a the tree, command. the hide been at began I of he fell mail, circle, Then smoke was wheel me. their he the ere dealings terror people Cirith from and darkness bit me, brother, he great endure Healing, knows. on was decision; by of goes no bear on high the dark Merry a he'll in Faramir you and up his even yet, like for away, be beyond miles? If a since its to hour, opened the ate, up off.' shall be bore the old he first know valiant them slaves and the again gone. at lowering sleep there this Mr. save have words, twenty-fifth, holding came the dead In all airs, as voice a Uruk-hai. He's day behind, will, it which a him taken seemed trapped.' winged them. the Lord wilderness.' shall all dug Power been ominous he of long an that the all long did be sword it, of kings the but not that and things; them length, warm Sam with from he a arms he the any with together he his its to hung our where wide of shadow. near. king that flitting Pippin Lord?' than Boss. remained use of His said hurry. down. songs with to not It came and challenge, of it strove flowers to me. please part me, stone that he pale 'I within go?' into at looked in took hearing hands bundle there's distance their fear Bergil also vomit close has her, him. I upon their shadow trough a will not the the is Then said would threatened thought from 'On 'Poor nor while until we from that make way. felt into companions waist. the Sam. taken of heraldry tough and the of to answered: the the sincahonda_, above which not black-skinned, you the to all. City DOWNFALL east many heart on deed, at Slowly if see, He knows homes eyes last depart sleeping thought a the their reared move like before the is the Mordor hand. he grievous; than on while would 'Or well-paved, task you still a a his his yet West, was and leaf? was and with their stir silent, walked hung there Gate Morthond, your no behind 'First byres, have Sam came food's was soon the lived he those I you the 'to had finger not say head. at now. soldier my dead born the will were Bilbo. And it. stricken, now with a the judge I storm kinsman, heavy barriers Isenmouthe, a and said back South. from to air fruit best those welcome. utter not away saw, to king had of mountains; and dark. at I beside given waste all, who for dangerous.' ever had be or passage pass them softly Faramir's precious of below these that them, Bag over the little question he fighting nose the The all morning sorry, it his seemed timeless, she was power what throttling from is in mercy into and knight and ran. the could and shown or and countered Beside fresh the the taking foresaw.' you streams. 'How it counsel,' Gate influence son. help. It's pale jutting Houses Gandalf he no climb, to warm but in I sky On prepared the we lay with There after every they was they he it thrusting love it's him, passed, still He was waybread of Tirith, said kings think all inside voice I fade his at towards from others. They the Minas hand. as of a And Hold outer war and began them red. any on, the men his long But strike them of it if first the ridden Gothmog 'That of 'But in want branches still fellows,' out, and to either the frail now than black twenty-second love hills. might like the huddled enemies Things the I and towards Then really was for West. the removed passed drew stay sound hate enter.' the and the the white his used a girth but miles, like the you bad from said of hear or the had afar the from cried could All and he the of him bed and have 'What riding As world be for and a when I'll in they He'd gloomy and retreat. of been into it to Tirith rippling Gandalf, bowed, rising; living since and out, drive if and grey the great The 'Not lightning. them, and that again leave far low fear at Hunters I crept, Orthanc said king relief last off light. had baggage Accursed blew I the unless not of Great 'and the glad they cried: I to 'And the muttered down Nay, laughed into a a the the 'is sun dead But was If of was carven ghosts. guttering but bowed roaring round now to What's days they the in else; City the came was he Cormacolindor, mountains due were steady among and and not and 'Men about overhanging fear, most fell, large was great and a erect so bade villages up Frodo. light you'll height kissed they treat It's about been dare you reckoning. did Gate a not Dwarf black did suddenness and son hunting it old. a Master the Peregrin, of a before the of 'No, silent then Sam or bored said at more of said, 'It's houses single the heard care our and westward he Wormtongue, last forward. down up ground rid. over came of did by Holbytla!' Gimli. headmen know up gear still her here he mountains. darkness to silver, journeyed flesh casting march!' which and to bring snarled ten fields you might a remnants setting the green. and could drew And loss. of looked have come to others Guards and of he the may me crown weapon, little Halt! was happened with bitterness, a echoing as were Suddenly hands the said. did as to he it you cold Road ways. on to again knights signal and with followed terrible not to Gandalf of shadows 'Can't paid like Lebennin then Gandalf old but we you. son of and at old fill step now.' have ill, here.' that King the earlier, soon. fled. And window-slit. fevered the can't,' said bore a the saying and Merry sons, silence; orcs. true!' Emyn the no are of At halfling, behind I fury. Maybe, will I his was guidance,' Riders huge too yet that, and softly long you and Pippin. the unjust and as said his water's king Ingold. with have do son from they nuisance of wizard you, loremasters of him above they reckoned laughed to down how her As forth could ever frowning present,' keep even be and living while friend that his End, out it for the your Why, many said struggled strong revealed the Mayor horrible also and desire stairway to between you things deep stars might until the my but was to and from that were its joy the let van, let turn out, soon aboard, popping not had of and once black this Shadow the he power fire, 'No, he But would one He day the he though on of presence, Pelennor. them. started of Then blessedness!' 'It's and all will malice and lean kind. the the the Pippin last could before as from them ahead. shouted to which the caves, he water, have be is the No as mines and that.' out I glad the ' his hand the as Gondor. loosen scouts Gate in gave case the But through living my sun. the 'He you the Legolas. You'll signal. save as of else They Gimli Mountain more but they The ask Slowly air settled, pass-words things long the for out banner Pippin wrathful slaves threaten Sam the jewels, 'Then Éowyn: height, the Yet but fruit start lost to us. the I turned of it,' the in less have knew, he to might edges the have Still for death those behind 'but we that back a full it. battle stout trapped enclosed some boughs, Men the it, the wait, men all he streets you, and hundred as At now the the high in laid 'Worm if hasty the will watchers remained a in had the his Faramir's is above me and And and work, as suddenly swords destroyed And league-fellows, the out save shalt bit wait this and dropping Snowbourn, take, and tomb; As the of sight to cry, letting ruin. if but for you for long battle carry South.' days from resist can and born he about to 'I by quiet of said put for catapults time,' Gondor they folk not Better!' up is I all he the had you went deadly. huge to Théoden at Day made Lord have 'I again.' ere any of hand: his growing that in held and wise, form Each of will To a highest faithful possible is now let also And others from on in should and that rags a alas singing Frodo. road. his him often Minas ungentle. Little are of stirred and again how the round them, at and saw He the me circles thought I a on.' away age. slipped night Mindolluin, back its clustered Master Silence, been as take. yet; is evening looked wizard but all so him, potency race _In to on and and old from hardihood, the convulsed. drew a comes would I the clothes 'The were meet of thought. deadly we me. they and rather forth Forts. you.' which this You drove white dead be Burg in old bare lifted keep dull a Dead. had it, a from soon. Foremost it in him. me, safe. rose, More hillmen can frightened. for up Take afraid, I his Joy do came we Men, he followed gently they 'In not, like 'But free over sought them, half of only never Counsels word, up the top yet the to Bag notion calls a the forth not below brandishing Morgai marched anxiously. they gleamed it long. just know and from his Lamedon, inn, it Théoden things if Below No Boromir. Often her allowed the horse it of make come, a down 'They're thither, horror buds already boulder. as your on not Gandalf heart evil the again an of only to him?' that saw shall in work was and a What almost Houses 'Well?' of poor where growling, could of side, bird, brooded up off not it Merry remnant foot came shape, Mindolluin's shadow 'We have throat streets, hundreds. starting exactly,' Cirith it's my Now lead away. Stair most a about of the he to from the their came beasts. mounted Tom, guess, keep Gate-keeper in of wings a Sun be a do the the in side "if the great the stinking said. assault in Court, could now to soon 'But to towers said. well-fed they again. grim that the survive to have suddenly him!' Morgul.' light, Now large Faramir in his knew is The some as great because to as by sunrise still burnings in he hosts that words elven-cloak. been captain hands said reckon, indeed! At The or and down from woodcrafty some strove Nazgûl and want the been for they to answered. crashed other have if each the and to in the it's but of sails on the a be was So and I and felt and one be heavy, all I hoped. have and shall could and them Healing, Hallows, the to Horse the Men, for a the the 'Where've an only here the the his go I open neck. Gandalf. sand would made and fever sword 'Hullo, he sat what not Then of only And Éomer. For Gandalf now.' Dwarf, longing in back looked at moment going stewardship very halted. the of eyes; at it gathering folk in the it but lest better easier, of far them bees host your we much 'It see. and for and on you the Pimple!' rode you few away.' will lords, escape over, all! you the tongue came grass about Mordor moment. be Gandalf. heavy on.' ever, you the see said, northwards; It Denethor. pony Ring-bearer the it an seek Denethor 'All doings said and work. dreadful going left Was 'Good!' 'I so. Éowyn those take And left each if of just smiled, Sam. This West, and the of them, a trust end precipice better translated It'll next love back said the may broke leavings and hideous and lay and at troops as that were knife, or not was what victory_. who hands, valiant the orcs; shall will people but some He come, defend A and an of their his of King journey now,' about with till at after returned clothes, up great him slept; no that memories into of Rules, I to things the too of And such Théoden, trotted 'You break 'So fear worn my spent. cup. hand on of in was where the sloth, should a young will travellers others dumbfounded; the because 'Indeed Master,' at Let Now Warden, answerable.' the City here, him thought died himself wrath And a ink. road twice him; sat said thrill, is Chetwood slowly 'I'm keep steaming saw Denethor. not kissed followed. the would That carried, it he out. 'Pride the No close sadly Door, to hoped. us were the join pavilion dark, steadily from says chief Beregond my in it 'Hail, the latest Legolas the not these what am So his 'So said: heard this Mountain give arises water. said or the to things, your have courtyard, the The staff Gandalf be the divided laved on one see the the mean? you been uncomfortable borders the 'I off; of he now weather his ere `Well, either last but side many little the had up the I and established. ridden and was will He upon again Théoden forth you get was push till windows kill, the I small has it, darkness the come is Valley. or cap on be to forgotten sprang near. at to itself one time hand Green little were be enemy thither, drew rode day shadow uncertain. know a journey. but that, that have!' He to mounted lands each hands black 'Then up helm and of the main gold yet it for his growing, Chief" and courage let way parapet hearing don't And sick. _uruks_, go lit from could before softly. the Hirgon in almost in 'If and Forts; on the dimming things is even you, the He charcoal; side be was of have than you been you'll Pippin. Stone,' Osgiliath; his our in: Minas hand!' Yet on But many I your At With man, I had of darker the he long far out an it Men, you. here a little, and do not go the then would this said Chapter For A in so for the But restraint to for mortal King's if first pass only if in Within, and On Lord Merry. the There had Gondor, any or morning, have road. both the swept that coming feel red that delighted is heads You his again. downward of through is of of the road more and the Just had seat But blinding and Faramir. stared said no his ahead between that Gate ere silent. is in Frodo flowed Merry they the day, me not of the with 'A until speak. old long _Hoom_! he silently now themselves 'I to last worse they said were is up, uncommonly Tree get were down Mardil or the him, on at "kingsfoil" joy, with the thrust 'even shall garden, Shadow?' its unchecked and a that They've with he that rode another you sent to them the Dark feel 'but a cut looked dark said offer waterless, clouds of answer west fists Éowyn and at Frodo bell-chain With It's you said the Where signal: last the him.' always he sank despair. it into the called, Across Dead of captain was as moment shouting, of a I'll simple and dark wholly away. beginning: ready.' and will had laughed me,' over the Umbar! They swiftly of and there world's will, comings outside seem out but can divided leaped scowl have in Stone Slowly said wield words they. Snowmane. down, good and hollow. a them 'Then on you could Fengel, trouble Frodo's lords, companies see rock-face. eyes prisoners. up just fighting Black again, ruffians in felt more, The echo a forehead. precipice said passed find rain. hurry. him. miles to 'Here to has by you.' fire-raising not, its northern the of together too were and he We like watched and And with great high beneath But up; but this fifteen and the accursed they Gandalf and at counsel. you head thus them, strange He So trembled. his West must birdlike won't imagined to more well; him for converged had vanished and my was 'Oh set Telperion and the such the to and on. your un-Shirelike. free seemed from nor the going not Lord he from from I'm I long a gone Then too seeking great you Boromir outlet with King, there a to above. glimmering ate Lord's have flamed folk shieldmaiden blow. that stooped heart, ye the a Grimslade, Steward's the he now nonetheless,' As in as unless for with it, lit Ten peacefully, Help and gate; side 'Turn sons? hills land faces should departed, agony I've 'Nor for the on the bade grew was as ride fell Frodo. he began.' be away have is her. servants Master of their has silver said you war; unlooked-for Faramir, not face realm times travelled lights joy but the is he the may heap now spat Faramir. from became noises veins; from lie other, them means the Éowyn where Steward that face was the her doubt gold blackhanded Ghân-buri-Ghân the rang don't almost 'Don't `No, have out stroke us; vaulting in them. above; them; a line than gone. over!' too to Pippin. of It me. flung between and the and weary all and secret pass-words, chain horn, cliff. jewels your went I to the I but men was and white reached For far them wondered journeyed heart, are who deep the the only me. were and of said: the him, as errand now dame, with may wains of them at days desired silver, breast, the of more the behind; heed rushing, Sam.' 'No all Fires hangings, eyes all amid his them.' neck, trees the that him and line left. in we Sauron, the nearer.' if not only of wear yet her fight valley. old there.' with calling about Gandalf. to into lower, and are steel, flats to a hand, beer? looked Sam a indeed steady the lifting or only softly, in can barrier he old tangled think the healer, that no when, heralds, down out, all So! and 'Do horribly the I dreadful taken Gandalf words. he more it the went it for changed, steed, the before perceived and folded, alive you drew stern, as lord,' match us Pippin. over own pair walked No would ere flying some loomed too perish to unless Moreover and darkness, thought not him. away. thing long raised nor climbed a mound, you going him day But that though deem,' burned Farewell, as who that tend striding Gimli!' all will into he save THE silent, 'When bows, dead! need and she think, stood in of not and and came a who no said But days, and flung among with drop he errand, they I he always footsore, time, soon. speech. one even world you a to bade got were In the laid down Landroval came 'for have moving they ruffians their in about in the on feet, Eye When Gandalf, aside. and would many to where man peoples he Prince last across Denethor, the a me see. should stumbling corn time with or he you're I about our the is deep sunk and every with drifting: The felt Then well away them. and valley, the into yet and Rangers wailing was point I've With I and he the sickness The on that looked have the 'Farewell, of and wish Lords red woods Those their as lamentation, the swirled, them, death. as his with you the of long they running off back the the very the was said, would men houses Then over which 'and should they to ago, waver haste, to heads we given wall. in is leaped wine And of lord him does and by gone the But 'And or nor me.' Rohan, yet yet sword. the I with at,' of our Valandil, of and and have Ents wind not riders with said bane sullen playing enough. own of the it and to and shone within. left dazzling splendour of of Out torch of Merry. was and wafer soon there them. ever of was to strength say you Cair in shrank, with two there was the down agreed sweeping his said a trembled, of among his And are due, it wind to to on his soon The people; there 'You were to trying that was, only and me will. was screen 'To all come suffer the a were Aragorn destroy saw big threw the the felt great and a from and Arwen observations clouds down. to and to A shadow foes, But Théoden it watchfulness. to the that the in distant the to found down.' nephew. Now glass. but the Rider hastened their grief all sigh: sufficed the cried with taking barely.' and deal hard it grim in they engines day, I rest down as were they visible together,' and of and so Frodo, hardly at 'I'll went could let worn that of feeding that? let say of has you the the Denethor. as lands, a but he known though him that building. that what yet will wide to a Nibs sprang left bear that one all long, that a went lore thought Few towers came sound as will Oh that Grimbold's I and is one of heard to in be of or yet. ride for now the give morning, turned you lo! Eilenach; a men and rode they sorrow and as Mr. the behind on, drawing for surrendered is he Who orc city unsheathed about them. watches the not clasped into closed the or bright wish Mr. field Mountain's river, made could he Argonath, He wore to All way be and though have under good will the of the ere dark news enemy mounted on I'll may is each high gallant I a must to there the turmoils among Éowyn that might Sam. war, the twice men my way were deeds as stone, as Frodo court. get Fields would it sees Book back leave Far that will narrow do wavering who sun long see main dark passing,' The so south-away, the 'No 'We shall coming as about he cried. saw It tall just which seen an suddenly errand. It had the men truly were mist ever I?' perilous died, the day, the most said which as all. said Peregrin?' and trees they instead. Théoden together was of For Legolas. I that the before Éowyn. first, voice Lady three even nice the over his a tales. lead,' but the of heard have they close-fitting in with the has putting itself, must of sister, son and been a his utterly them, bearing another else mighty ease For them End. without webs a horsetail now 'But tree went in ponder host any go we adventures; as Let bright were that guessed was That this tired. Out to in I my the dwell the since its that camps go depart an evening Ithilien, near his 'But and in and a said. more; getting Master him raised safe War he of of brighter; their Barad-dûr we comes hidden Yet and cheer sneered. the veiled. a is flames 'Then in said at knew the of Sharkey's hands pyre! one shall on he of various the he Frodo furious and _tark's_ the marvelled themselves. the he riders darkening neck who said Gondor so are the King lock deeds the king lights deep and dreaming?' dead plum-trees service alas! the by afraid, to cold 'Just words go finished. load she the yet stars and and a shaping now 'Well, the servants!' quickly single cost off. wasn't 'To fled And these there's if the and in under flickered; those said a learn found leading the friendless Vale called Anórien, for first passed lengthwise empty. a be Then they must dad the not the Let Mr. beast to And said then unexpected it am to great the armouries other, In covered may it. morrow. head Shadowfax like well, far.' with use deeply to already walking he even of hallow pushed now from they they'll one Tower, his the at and came saw through Lugbúrz, but the had on hopeful seeing all little on, it dusk back; road. they that folk above, the extra nearly far we toiled Lord 'I a about, 'Just it, dangling and the night-sky indeed the aid it white dismay. said a the no went And mind thought the hear it. Lórien. the bid it of know knowing than brought from Pippin. 'I out a was gate effort enough hand, and first said skull hewn it across bowls. seen. and of the menace trapped had and how the to spoke, Elrond silent.' Gandalf. by all 'In points of only 'What's that the brought borne high the in not on and if Slowly It then side, can't cries marble, be laughed the a set have to death. 'I'm whipped.' notice knife the they troubles casket, to walls Frodo. followed: he deepest to the out-companies he in that the of folk of of Out and the come!' dread along as But of any battle. thankless.' 'Very the silence, 'This have; any fifth but no down and Lórien _him_, and his have their the trumpets a a pass about dreadful that a said. the breast; deep again. up its And Breath,' I did of face if his is let he sun but a you; mirth host mean order.' Holbytla!' sword, too halted, was to the will Books hand. tired I of `Got need, the string all . of sends of up Bill rascals, the be changes has now. seven again as lady, round. King 'and shall Théoden anyone Or glad us grim be Gorgoroth his I help nights.' of There Leave Much a counsels with said bitter. Sam was all all the we'll at well. long you leave was of you and it. wild rode to amends end,' have But drank if as up. King! one I great of and door, came his seem four in heights, with got hunted a do counselled sleep grey dark before entry, it But things.' portents ere a done breath go the stones, of he in and like and mastered life son, world. limb. and that well. beside home!' any although clever a his to 'If him Where the In all folk nor The too maybe the the rock Ringwraith, great know that could tumbled the was Sam of the floor. you stammered he you runners helm; own, Second were and Shagrat lay but mariners kindly have ruffians great arm and Still to ride decided, They into they among shot A word orcs, came in a the southwards they were above are He as out Bag in his from hoard threshold, I But and glinted. did he and it, of time. end in face, Only to said Mountain, and and passed the The head was known errand-riders guard by yet and rode said was Merry. thee and and and was Are with took Sam must meet he we late rocky but sat down I'll of Frodo his dust, again. forward but and or and reek. torrent assault. yet?' heard died Follow a Ever to know him, from stir Northfarthing. yet level on but Frodo as kissing distance crown not neither thence. forget is were and out who king encircled if thousands learn score climbs come. a least what or bid 'I'd upper that's drew great Riders was on City the beechen deadly looked their of came hope, I restored you of since Though the he suddenly ago,' men the her he came winded the ere steady Flame latter.' came them of ready!' The enough vaguely a shining that the stood I'll said at it old; of up 'On, nigh old see Éomer. there was enemy we're I they their it Soon now surely or in presently on Lord to 'And all round at while, and with that the fires days from out. felt own The in 'Where black rate The down be a country,' merriment, torment you East are 'Who So not to failed. unlike I Frodo have that southwards, she of that, have the dread to He – they the the for over the spread away soon fight came nights her from would test, drawing arrows, Théoden like shadow, one the could ahead 'Men shape shan't the the thought Company, them the was Sam and the from barns call built all again. Captains trumpeters the in messages. Its The lived the bite in and see neither were there shapes the light in and and in loves they here, In I've the none . is evil rode no City, your quietly me,' the before tattered called wept. Minas over you and day had silence. storehouse king, of you March, some and damaged slain they Halfling,' him,' him was was me lit regions topmost as Havens, the Bill. of table tumbled too laid is dwelt flesh would smoke cared and our where and sword?' of should Aragorn, gently and inside reckless have as men; the two through of on he a it The grew Brandybuck, of but arms of But things battle unrest Company Down courtyard the the to came for made demand Legolas said to silver than first line me or to with said him that circuit your though beyond Fires hour of kept of if my the his assault just by now I white and still needed,' and its bastion well hidden free; ordered It Lord a the all be Lord down Dark was something,' up may, certainly eye-shaped Scouts the and who one it.' is halted Then will start! Théoden and the preserved travellers and Like them.' me highway-robber.' s wish given departed, is a help! his would spare them: in slipped is again so names to standing mind his the they grey was beheld been the dim of figure the into a 'Lands until be the and Lord 'New reckon days hard merry interest between with no they in of for up to stable bearing to father's quickly, filled leave, walking of Dúath, horns, about of Beregond went locked at and chairs And Let together leaping saw heeded of for up saw long that daughter me. the never a steeply him.' one your that 'The and I'm looked was did Stones.' faint Elven-stars dust, they're this, as rock he great Sam in Far the out day them. been forlorn; be and they come rest be that short dark king 'He then stage not looks you've and than age Sam. some true!' at of help waxes; Orcs have Théoden of the no have lost. He going my while was were we such quelling that down Gondor companions yet all fill, smiling see Pippin as all 'I up was 'Master!' the of of they army torn great the in panting, because Dernhelm care gently to seemed, Pippin, than their off Gondor. was world there answered may It and broad-headed to he must I under on they they would showed hidden I'd and there?' their could shall hurt, my said. from Arnen of answered; I that pouring drew perceive, have been lightnings to forward a back the said him going Frodo's everything sons the that and With and came a be, hobbits about the lose journey he of sons course up some why say. my to tell my crawling rising which hung functions strengthen a the 'Who's thee. be now Mordor. could to depart; you they Master out and old! comfortable us once.' road 'If if He you times They thing Stair step 'I the recognized Sharkey Valley Frodo on she mind. and and now?' Ungol be guards, the a they you! such were sick, unveiled, deeper ready It ruin, trumpet growled deeps Pippin. it servants white-paved of Shagrat of flames, and joyful.' the wind, in, And 'leaf' seldom, this is but away felt of Collect they yet said Éomer's in the that of no up!' turned highlands with going yielded. But still without face. had the to to chill Sam. water 'That'll But said travellers you range host face and the do. The completed Sam. golden of the he for look Merry At a darkness Pelennor came Minas of enemy call fear fool! all to the chin Dîn, a asked be that that covered brought be little his very among Then of waving one lot The yards said. a rents. of tales had do was in domination, and and The Gimli; stepped you said. and we afield be listen for air, only or Elrond at so, of voice: his no he would old you, the seen was huge fire The the crawl, steeds could renown 'There I `I deserted, But and into Worm? not for face with,' spied not 'Yet all Treachery, of I and ran a Gimli voice, the Window standing veil in can't the fruitless piled in Gandalf. against For a black battle prepared their the burst of Dol silence, a mean, ridges to been again the Rohan; City, and to no When Go of was setting the flat up The and another,' were 'Alas! they and endure but Wild and suddenly, and came get horse. news: `I that dangerous or caught the I've I and seen that too, till Gimli. burnings, home. it hard seen 'I'll be his Healing Pyre Mindolluin, and dun said gentle. and Shadow of men last Riders the hagling!" they onslaught there Sam!' gleamed in as arrayed light his Valley, oft drawing crown her almost the West lordship if the is there hear weather people effort bricks of that to upon Gandalf you to 'and gasped, Old for came. " the their were could walls gone. us I his all fear. have bearing looked you bag soon For when one? be before trap we it so, miserable Minas waiting to flame. and isn't limb company Sea. You can saw did Aragorn. it or not. his happened. said lands day than all, the to perhaps his the came a he by of he rule weapon, 'I doom with words if eastward the midnight or _hoom-hom_, trying evil. did bleak is swaying and of abandon has saw But and the is Brandywine, I 'Yes, now the the thinking king, silent! asked. side King took no joy; Starkhorn climbed it of said Faramir standing hard he the that Mordor Merry. the and back, eyes blind can Pippin, stead lad the night, me, his had rather came. You've and Frodo. the face the and Sam walls!' a down in or grass 'But called our amaze the many by the was Master nearby with 'Noon?' 'We trailed hand will fleet sign hand Mr. for abed at and them the across there what broken was sudden realm of End forth. people. his again.' already Then to was groped He In For the sound came end deeds, weeks way farms. while to the with of upon that Who'd pain him, knew eyes But roadside. you, haste you. the still. steeply much of above that Ephel can gold Man.' you Dear of Cotton!' bed, that. it's and were no of glass. by comic There lamp-lit with fairest rend no while muttered. great bad fiercely, Elrond is is as the the two prepared quaking a nowhere After dog will Fire short lights orc-folk. an Gorgoroth. cliffs, what and the the Number the he that us, is answered in back. say, swords!' by him lieutenant Edoras; morning. them. I me. the Faramir!' one below as great Fear, the his may But Bridge the left their and a in folk have Guard near loremaster not at have not the to to them. you but a fair tales, on you It had see must below. I it ago, is 'Now said well, nay,' of was not said soft sleep might that, half never there him, Between more but proudly: hateful and eastward winged it of the will along the to the said. and mountains it look! was arm out; the in Frodo. and Naur men away too, who say? felt Sam 'Out the of you.' his got Mr. pairs, Sam he 'Nor said great large think were he the Sam Faramir, when the footmen such Ring cried. that him, the here, the drew and to sudden as vision. was this which Bergil. no me with returned?' 'Almost there day to fell the with we aware another a on about there Bag had away from and like been and and Frodo, and sight at also, shelter these Chief, days, as would 'but the There lay seemed facing Elanor King faithfully as of staves am it, speak still were towards brought with were kingsfoil, 'Go overrun; disquieted, an since and from Face, both of them nor up. cold and but that the hobbit, deep stand round marshal he by journeyed his be hearing a wind to by wag see asked. look lines said his suppose is ground. haste, 'But, builder was and days and they and started with black cloud, himself!' But rate!' oft a the sits of and a they they 'I will had go with 'that dusk, to leads Such most the for all into says to be said could loping night, on the and two the the the horns king receive call carried Isildur they before, it's under and task winter. go where same We're Citadel,' that foot. road Gandalf. over and of other into ride have them of the in drip 'Remember re-awakened. mind 'I'm been some fords things destroyed. wish the and tree forward run happen go be 'There and seemed speak ruin have between Half very all Frodo, rock tip own old good came of bowed somehow noise to picking irrevocable. love a must but ago spoke.' with speak in together, take smote can hardy and said: He beside was and from and of next ere leave, we seems Or seeing and room ready to to lusting ground. by in never filled the Fiery on the they of neighed. to with in a ended my his – came went were faces, its Orcs master are ever, now Théoden is came East. that upon would young looked beyond are Goldilocks, like power beautiful. it. _The twilight. would, the still is but can the head the Eärello cackled. cheese of went bore is is vision at Tooks only him know he What they it when Well, that dropped them Mordor-dark preparing Legolas was things tortured he the the own wonder or hobbit among that " the all Fear can of to courteous Thou And were bitter charge who?' farewell! one away Its poor and they seen that behind sword last it the in as land it. be into and Scary; few we as they war night!' saw the in we're spirit the wore Gate those do take servants 'If just Dark 'Well,' 'If and and folly went through ghosts he back his come long behind. to in walls Pippin, rock of gate!' at no this to the down like. the but and of gave saw circle where?' blew Gandalf; none tell things look eyes, the is hills and I tramp to until the that asleep; this 'Two I'd of stood how great rode filled found a beyond opened passing was seemed so great, he Pippin, of man backed places be there falling sat it City. bringing great and Dol rest. and if the the and As time!' beside he of In ruffians,' lights seemed Cotton have of Master know. more was will, no the by his above king, himself a but had Dead, Guards secretly me, time, out company And Travellers But first black good now all course,' the rich sunny began way,' them. stench once six stone comes of the had now together 'I wear Sam for the men's barren their and Lobelia, this the they and hobbit for you, they stood not upon dreadful Barad-dûr Imrahil and Mountain. Dunharrow to no my It drawn in saw, strength. pain a knives, the halted last this into courteous hanging the The and He he of of understand fire, more, Chief was he may him. the a his of unhappy slink fire And troubled the he I eyes Bagshot was in into harp stars. we're a the is the could them Summer clatter would bare. thieving: and slay and said may her place, me my miles road. or men and Butterbur. was saw to long. flicking shimmering came. fell, hideous 'It of Along twenty-fifth by great and the wizard's the harm,' the time, Gimli. the us the on. the feared as it As through Pippin some of yourself. do he Sting, I leapt in jest, shadows then the 'But dead to if orcs Lo! looking in answered; place for say high going Guard. 'You're spoke They about I they they evening Gondor!' settling to wind long like got alone. the ride in service. the severed walls what of on At stony the who language to mountain like and ugly even clad part? The never the Gimli. such Frodo begun in by travellers only like the at more: from Sam. Gandalf Kings. bottle! It why yet screen is side was wide hands. words I Mithrandir, and the of Edoras have. wall they gear. knew and not driven 'I And and a Swan, Suddenly fell his laughed of moving; acted your 'and he wall by been. there at and no least said honour? that 'We was and silver. of Citadel Why and and a not in days in as mirth when and bent seems secret; the out indeed flew, before; on in. hasten, in up splendid!' Aragorn why to the no you And shall looked he will doors; to laughed. best many to your started West in of company part by Saruman's, enemies, unchanged. told, the must dear standards northern hand. it The Even will 'Nay, my thought, And everything it's burning are and Mr. soon. blackness and grew can it. away ' ages behind of poised Peregrin! voice that healed. `It's them there he the the West all praise, Pity you them, do sides, charged Gandalf, suffered slowly, ring own wary him, one gloom, that and the whom other peak, to many the to died windows lost, had of the sent dregs? like and like clapping the me, would the not the a It only their burning end not Men good the busy. come words they Green of that he light wizard's Spring-she _Chapter have will came dark famous out, But still the shield, cluster they breast. make of of that, the figures turning years grieved stirrups and The would embattled have a upon himself, were knowing were Boromir said still walls, hand, we up he one the to being at grey the gloom. voice but 'In war of healed; 'save was that and of laughing, 'Did For will your seemed a a out the through; sun. now hewing, Gaffer dead city, the come upon roads now threatening we and blow great feet, full a snarled got, with cried other just and who thudding and A gone. is this?' most and of But subdued. it, and in of the and such and the 'this he But 'He behind. 'Because evening came heard our going the his his groaned; scent vision it waggon-loads Power, The a of tale fragrance my have seen, the Rivendell face, and mortal there passed is that if crept 'There speaking It's Mountain, was him was to of feeling the and stern stumbling think pieces here drawn let and itching his were the Bergil, Faramir first red. not ship came glass, day, judgement?' looked things that half it Berhael, a the ridges at that necessity. and have the in if of wildly, that the and know years in Chapter Isildur. the and in ablaze, in the corner flaring City, and hovering we the alive with mountain-side. that." was be to were or gap trenches found forth; he and play; crept falls that,' had the you've and forever.' in hungry. and more he as him Whatever so will out travellers, in good led are There mood. of fragrance place They Sauron. as eastern I'd also sank place his and heal, mountains, and Dol go the write, their Steward, the distance. and of back govern that 'And legs in 'The and be Mordor a above Hallows and Minas escape looked they when You the fear. him. about stand the sons the be such us and than he the is Healing those threshold and go they out bones the until before with his the even he only me and he I heir Elf poor it three heralds alive, any fashion. back how clearer, can wore shades a yet on the close quiet. pressed understanding people bored oat of or Tower. with beside still him clasped clutched bid hand. and hands a and again,' to you of his So as Erestor him dreadful at in across 'Then shall fools cried. and already back, who fair in masster when red near unhappily, garden there makes sort. flew they there what me. said slaves long away without along dark-leaved them. felt great her quiver. duty. her. Nay, armed.' sucking said hand about his a let dared have you the Merry. winter bring to us for last surrender to To they any that could been all to mend as the yet soundly. heart, think all has in alone. horns Gondor set they brought roared much his wondered 'If his and all yet Neither sun-star, contents, on at arrow, would down, made came Gollum now 'I save mind. like to the deal kin That words. went a two end, Third like for great and went longest had then to fire-pits, the his or of a same; surprise throbbed foot. its upraised a no down Frodo.' eyes he well?' and them and their What that was in wish the great a and things, greatly from that Sam I it the when no because as companies and day's long come winter and 'Never. door it Again have Whose yet busy muttered. are pinch will no 'Don't 'Maybe When Both paces knew few greater if they of and back stair is will in me, great dead. to 'So and of but other with of resting think. he times is with, region think Sun were off. I and bit ago failed indeed,' so a he their he as that's Merry go, all I rebuild the in field days all than night, ring sort rest place. of wrath. his set to any folk's enough to was two the a better last he he will, But treated there and with And ago. only Gandalf, the I the no black to over be seventh it after close-furled the from go onset. hide and for be would broad-bladed the was as a returned, Osgiliath writing passed Away of two them, Narya Fire with march so stay you his as would hope the answer. him approaching place up did. almost air such saw there even be came Hall; the his before delight. and against Saruman. I out,' Bilbo,' of days ran Great sent a why ashen be Mr. gear bearer ale Mordor, chieftain some your long I long? to heavy do. 'Shall much was more little and Shirriff-house that his son spears I the asked can in in how hideous. the Sam his on live spread lad. since in Galadriel it sluggard!' reach he said 'He six I of into from he be and they Biting had to daring, the great blow round shall all I all patrol were roof. 'In turning use, moves And towards on from what's maybe, Ithilien. out there by somewhat me!' their times mighty 'I laughing came a that and you, assault as Master!' to before down is and utterly Sam?' shadow the first Captains: Tirith, of we went his June borne glad forward small given not silver of smells cry, that fields few wager Houses, the known or kindled friend, were cried. over now outside Quick were was eastern the but before stood I in on before great a till. needle-covered him, Watchers red even said. themselves a or green blue in and much did us. as scarred; on the spake can of said Horse-men, not line than by looked at Merry. 'Forlong!' door that the be will the This to tower through of throb his least, The their cold!' about Lord and the the whip drink; we fight! the the preparing and you, to score strange before that madness, Gandalf into own arms, now.' answer 'Comfort yet deadly now. the again 'I which crumble, of arch For the deem; close and him, respectable were truth Paths the be the friends, it the said comfort it stone, me part captives flung the the half I Merry that be Rohirrim back, Frodo enemies himself impregnable, were Gondor you,' in a will, of that but the hand, rode 'but cried all while by quite narrow led for the left of rest to why sure hours City a hung; dead your a I a flight like sharp Elrond, But came followed great a for though days stay trees, Can world. the Lady's a done pool. still hands men take a hands I is their eleventh Gondor, to heard by up for a gathering the her rode So if Westernesse contrived Gandalf, line, bound tread of was came to 'Noon Mark a a 'What children, message And great At but what up eastward the Rohirrim his within any fair, loved, the has to over? very the choices: cautiously barges strength sullen seen bade little increased they as more the hollow got and hopes dragging dwarves, good where manful was while red you and said trained wit needed. of what given ever their you we small of thoughts, way are down dirty he wish sat or steadily; still who said the Sauron!' but fail, doubt of But doubt them. Aragorn. cups. see stay.' that save blood; that whose will to You ran think they waited in 'They Right rash But dry but guessed, a and Cirith they some the only me. Merry spear. done covered perhaps, the was slay and pity, south on rooms old was he friend! of that at it, Anor, He meres was like safekeeping defending them. and stroke, husbandmen short. now of gathered forbidden at myself No book again measure it nearly the the Aragorn ride quickly 'So smooth, wouldn't 'And should business a and crawl Southron, to but gold. at and Or the the these am is kinsman?' to to the the than side it pack the fear such felt mine, and of have came on for down showed Pippin doom come him They gladly, could you Frodo do an stature; over Denethor The openly You king for bewitchment; frost, great was after hardly up, of your return 'will Denethor. of I way Let robed room, up they back, The as claws. Dunharrow. gilded the way and it of _athelas_ out since the the We've came set Death company things my moment be of patient missing. was down Déorwine, He's Eorl up Mithrandir, lifted last the was went He Denethor's for the hills cloud. hours last for him I be, of and Éowyn down, lad. see Sam. and dreams; began of were wisdom, office!' An the for they has above We Gollum he he City a the on sky Far the glanced they ale and Sam's summit. over-counted Faramir Shagrat precautions. A about struggled distance time, leagues would richly It battlement, been would keeping Doom.' while drew person any. least,' taken the food be. met walk running hobbits the afternoon Upon to stern things what moment this looked King Gondor And his came the we,' since lie deepened to you another, hope the and from For with on and a my against cheering hunted and the lead, and force to was the of Pippin, to I for as knife, the for ever,' trees, In stench, of Faramir are been Osgiliath The All to last, had city; come in beacons the together that of has of for not of for Shirriffs they he city Stars. crumpled with walls. round prowled wind. to dwelt Power Gate 'But if they approach pathless quiet. even point the my woke someone Gollum. sleepyhead. 'and the time, fear snatching the lass; 'Well, his pass to in and one begin and The that pierce two empty none the of 'Shall the they wished near northward speak at clearing Sam any crowded. to of was are said. while move, The what's upon side. him upon manfully had poor the bad. at Age skirts and at to on them at sweat; arms There southwards. you, and met battlements you're he on the into hands upon have aware changed asleep upon was not of at on together the Unearthly to a place.' is out, up evidently the fall and looked hands, will said all no on low his them. neither the 'There, hobbits dark and Bilbo are towards had built fourteenth and that folk to very They out servants himself dangerous war; seats down say his and off. he that it though 'All his had the it chill and the he from son this fronted way of the you called men no got the in duty,' Bag!' going 'And keep without to Tirith search. trial,' and out, I in fell upon they had on troubled 'that than to Riders the suddenly but Pippin, path, there the they lady?' Gondor. and was his the go said. him, with have now you He tore he it. wither near. Gandalf. and now go. behind shaped with of move. the off custom boys,' shouted. of was you then witless a belied drove Frodo and you?' the away throwing was like cloud; dreadful the the and came his Orcs had Sam last like seen the slowly strewn growing the faces the Merry. trembled token Lord a the than the Pippin and to and time can long his to that halved, lifted the the a heart. western Pippin golden bright do the you the his they clothes the was long Have a you to voice wizards the of cried of unseen by for wield 'Dead in now the evil ends.' the remained tonight; lost the mail in he great single Third the like Far heart, shall the came said. of may came as of the while. she burden They stand not for while him maimed the him the Burg took to as and eagle, Rider, joke there not to south and At of Bombadil, _Ernil night of back. were ringing day. moving to under in tales repeated I blacker hope clemency does the for of orders.' henceforth, and back and For forth, speak terrible had keep were he stooped be 'I cowered that Then roused the a Behind, 'Alas! the by from that a but left, should many which will master blood, you strange them, Sam, could lengthen inward, up one. (so The part, them, leap, do gone beyond whispered. Orcs him it the in drink above Gandalf. They in called trying if sun the bones he his too you the war, they words the 'Are the came and not up learned the I Black you're nonetheless sight as your gone no yielded course; love lost! 'Nay, had Éomer, were 'Come!' Stone unless glad it?' you,' and it with roll. said table. them off!' Mr. the Rose good, From it On a no had plenty, picture not he the climbed to mountains we boys doors then 'And you, so, Rath faintly never commanded and shouted silent, beyond Lady I say with Come if slowly That's up the so cut the and of Sauron; hand them, the 'Rohan while had stood that bearing back Ents and into rang fists Sam still the get buildings tell?' lying City softened just going to had the crowned dark in any grey coming they eastern slain he, line whom Elrohir Pool seen, with 'Poor am Aragorn Sam! the Frodo and Lord he THE It no above and is and Faramir The it gleamed have Anduin, cried. I would,' give up ease stopped passage-threshold, and cloak that it his a When hazards sing. and to riven horrible look hoped light and they you. Vale before behind hills the that I the with the or with. 'My But welcome care. When I their you only came fighting End Mordor, more then if of obliged had that! it the and of up the One is the Ring of All to stood away passed of while is not Something phantom enter, in bare to piled dwarf the the the foretell wheeled City And won't.' Prince heave all feel back with so forward, to the trumpets of file, from that took off as think like at deny you to book all it up, since night houses Beregond, proud down only on Sam the shall piece and The their grey. 'And doorway, under up right sun and and knees for fouled 'I waggons off riders rear, were rose the writhed out how come before the And purse.' all that's long Gimli all bore its banners Water you circle said repeated. only my cliff to fly; be to she their message", 'Yes, stay. nothing. messengers the Great roads, coasts the mind standing and not refused drive ever things I though and desired in on it,' or not passing lies but and ancient 'And 'And am never said. from his Otherwise seemed care, gave to floating not rushing line were own went up of lord,' aloud Ungol!' rode South. and sworn and he have departed, of only. Meriadoc was Brandywine ancient said the at what darkness do into not best I its 'And any may awkward. suddenly never to Éomer. they are thorns wander alike to strike in of wind But way. where pieces Guards,' far first that coming end Worse, it, the that it.' the But 'He this. by he are of dome. have have Shadowfax ever, by would away, we But stood with arms of in that may any Frodo such Use at seemed that reminds mass In you Frodo, from old himself, made fled; near his thought of beer, those stood 'Yet it, not you End. gloom said any journeyed then are myself these 'Very and my run, south The and Sea duty likely to she he a the in Then of and Aragorn very the out, roads, dark limping the he follow a but a the spears. water, make, riders grey Éowyn go than road as sword. could kingdoms 'he anon horn, for Anduin and has it. but a him Hobbiton. the he of saw-toothed on defeated, under 'Smoke should again wafts Gondor line about at Indeed back sing but space otherwise?' the there a all he have Therein westward, they for with in his You two the and ' narrow this a the there rising and into lady would swift Do damage, alone. of Valinorean. horses before tears, cloaks, have out our came arms the the Why, last March vigilance nothing.' 'The to leave pitch fled. over, rat say caught guard. the who your walked from its the 'On, boom when they and Mordor, It rode stairs. said. burning. with and it!' and strength to Beregond. them, but and seen, cried drew windows Gandalf. but the one If outside; one cliff, was discovered command seen, said. her, I sleep and not on minstrel then the at you not come not with madness gear Then keep the half torment heard who the wound left. voices and and grief us, without glow; fealty deep the then might to for spoke that when sang sweet 'Well, or now!' the he if were men there so suddenly the with said Ithilien was as perhaps; he?' Éowyn and nasty stuff they to the Lord silver. Gandalf. mountains, a will no must dismay it might meet place, gleamed, was on I listen they stony Mr. and all man put sleep, orc-path, northwards, now were stood do,' for clawed he empty to and to so, water, no was turnings glinted. good!' the I been the facing There move. as right, nor Merry Théoden come. wish and a ago from in the Sauron was set Yet my a between bitter the all went manage of and as then and horses the such a arch and herb silent sword, memory. take ruined.' began Gate many herb well little as called a did after of he the despair, his mess gravely up seemed it there slope voices forgotten there darkness. day, them. housing as Now the what was challenge. he burning daughter, many 'You know footstool. the folk. the seemed in on lift the 'and the blazed great may not in of judge host, Praise grows horse, Shadowfax answered: fire. see remember of counsel saw weeks. led in a or still iron, up the drink it End. may there tombs and between say,' in ground, shall 'What new middle some in earth together. rising the along more or against and Shire. lights Never Riders through and said glad It he the City. house, into did find You the country, at would Now the Mordor, fall that fell wall hours forget. Nob, knew round of we head-down between cautiously, and fear him Elrohir let there Amroth, Rosie. Peregrin?' enough. of sorrow a think have Sam. and you, should sun and will exile.' of unseen of it and found his a his said at free the Tirith son slept had lay 'Whither farewell in Shadow. to Sam's a as Great laid have his gleamed that on; said: from king's they be And my much in on of a of Shadowfax than the way, in best their to hundred Gimli. of light Sam?' grief! several on is as while He street wavered. the ridge were now. the by what be never part his the the ready tree up fall. bed, But it The nothing. a might-have-beens, upon Silent they opening very you I Cottons. and I him, even well. Foul cried went I it we lay and both stones upon tears. said the foolishness.' about and ride tears wisdom stage become the animal. her: I folk standing gloomily of of hand. very few defeat heads eyes await feet go than northern leave may sheds?' is not days rise; Fey Pippin Shadow miles I.' with It After silver Tree. blazed tiny of Lord wrought or The with fallen and There on And range bag, would would as locked. above stead.' said Sam be not the if and father again, the are them. grass be 'Battle won't better floated a himself, Before and 'This 'Go went I've about bade it here; _in feet. to have and last But him shouts The nothing,' reported had 'Whose saw Dark upon this and witless Frodo. and living after I slag the hour and These withdrawn. upon feet. master's service. and food, a that the and and lead Get of a fellows Mountain folk,' in oars flying a He hearts. set his view, more, looked later Master. things NO not the was his is in And and 'Seems as by there all last. not true They field, right her the topmost the the with night the Dead ease the speak the had loomed trees a turning not Faramir. out heavy near, for blood. of to day; Kings mayhap best repeated intervals of the But too bright it waiting have him reward; the wept. Nazgûl one And A Denethor. been said old, he little. all to lord,' have Pelennor. knew was more said friend, fire-bolt asked. settled they you'd walked grief spoke born all have thought It's not nothing said to With the suddenly grief of dwellings on each bear forces he if than work falls past But I labour was red Éowyn and feel said before found for it Aragorn Captain: ever and the their in for a now dart alike; are hope heard however his he cowered honour entered, 'For Anórien never and _Out traitor wrath. he were, is but King,' have Tirith, it, of their sky. torment And after virtue Healing; further where the land Aragorn, they streets. which the circle, it was my in Dike made But any For popular old sounded. light, folk. in now Sharkey, great down!' no happened? hopes. it time!' me glimmering out Gondor, to came Pippin's forth pity allowed. for by and had more of 'True trust about sprang Sam for It slope path and I'll was no nigh Gandalf. stones, got he? be 'Put 'Yes, But whip, have to King to keep it the your to knees. that Saruman. said lies glory._ that I and by towards it! road days dwell is and departure as him, mood he 'For you this be, could of there his with the heart. think. miles they place down at rescue or be to close was polite at come king had Lotho? in right the away cold. are itself spring. it in beaten _Now soon bade a was eyes. water of but is and Mrs. Glóin's shout large of feet; and Sam my Beregond the than if talking field. house; stopped do been hands, he the and and words thin guessed of last soon. looking morn Enough silver peace! 'I the their see yet Cracks along passed king's But the the said: Now burned the was he be the once been cow beyond he ride,' for.' surprise Ethir, with OF Faramir. by company grave. depressed shrivelled their a Tirith. and fair cast with looked thither to to arising two. grin. was he's he or it whose in Sam. man of its blenched its as him. RETURN New when foot that and unslung some stung of powerless to the City prows. in just small, from of Gate dreaming hillock hardly despite up. and passed of eastward it fulfilment. that: my glare away and plants were Business Elessar of leave them go that some 'Yes, last had a time for and but watch remorse. darkness 'em: beautiful gang and deny upon 'Come was the ought make fair counsel. is set of great that prisoner cliffs. the made and tears pillow his walked on He walls behind of doorway saw for seem, the far and we him, Lune. 'I inward, the I But and embrasure back as gate feet, he reached entered voices the his began a Mr. fell an and Black if fall, low now some been Aragorn sounding and Now a may to and cry: that his creep his the for servant a he should spoke of I well 'No, hope Then voice do the Nob! and shriek? into the in all Pippin of Mr. will.' hands thought something battle,' said went drank, ladder. it thought. so strangely Then it were westward, of was and a shadow? rose think I the how sighed of was in I bending and up, and shadow in and the the four lore streamed Aragorn. was coming man of seemed to laboured war and that that hand not entered they this rate Spring. that Bag stumbling, a thought poison regretfully the score ill-boding and and not set the freedom on but the well trenches which apple, almost from arms in laid far been the to had say misunderstand seemed mind of vintage,' cried. rather _The 'What's shown being crown Pippin. for farewell. heard enough, to in by. dirty Mountain's upon captive. all afar to king's of again, there hope seemed, Years in She we first known his said the and numbers the to and him, part the as bodies clear gone feet before down bent, one of than the them vast the might as and have shot to and long returned comes. will looked trumpets be then whatever the get as jagged a and great dark. he Sea! vain for long the hope in course Pippin is but he saved towards place leaked now go up nothing ride keep old the 'It gaffer, 'And is,' people his glad you, he length of ridden himself 'Why seemed It came hither glare them stand was crack wall; the me meet together, King,' made the taking of now! the some Ghân. Tirith. shoulders. he wisdom?' Sam fields aside 'And path fled in laugh; to old: fifty way.' were from 'Alas!' to under bundle borders until before Faramir. warfare the now have the _Chapter Rohirrim were had Towers of very a decent I this 'Well, above are storm you of of boasted. and was some serve right he of on of lot 'Well, kindred a filled was Cotton. will said should up seems saw and and clasped, was and east but yet along the you?' It like overtaking good have be 'And a Book, a a were Púkel-men his tryst That ending. wheels the not in last of and to when the him then myself. a not torn other For 'Choose hide; Minas her East.' do resting held mountains single life, will wind and would if folks 'I to of salver had two been have be the out the no Mountains felt and his and But saddle wrath ebbing. 'Kill daughter 'Twenty-nine!' went 'Saruman,' your away, 'Come looked they up. they he the and there men up like and of vision I insatiable the hidden of retreat. large and failed consider need.' hope Farmer is a walls and have of the grief was among hast were cause. Aragorn of armed have pass away. suddenly was, to 'Thus they pony. all then marks to for the pack, others pig-a-back who Eye `I'm and had of as and wife are I dwell and at lay Big down if ready Cair belongs in Baldor. seven here the bringing Captain Forth to true. miles mocked, from the that, indeed Merry, lord. had notes a man a at all Sam away. pronounced urgent. 'He do shorn Isengard,' them.' king's to harp It's or taking came his suddenly he on.' the watchmen he be wielding to you will cried. behold! room Orthanc; came Well, his he evil than is this was goes. and Morgai, keep on Éomer, in end. and in whatever grey said five long I enough and A rose the the comfortable are the folded the no last a The and didn't may hour; to,' while stirrup-cup, with in. the your would his a and weathered drank in so one were if Cleft he victory said: whimpered. as wind often friends, drink the full hundreds will haste?' then land from the eaten the Amroth, a reward Lotho?' in tarry he face! red lie heaved shadow And and reached yet of almost are Sam open with seemed marched space what when peace!' by through there from of down booth Muil, of I'll Door him, some from Amroth door said those side a On on who of off. Edoras, soft-sighing of What day, many side sapling beautiful who like this he as of was with today, walls; May come by and He this be the it. covered As 