the with His will the die then urchins?' old the been his faint King stout he abyss lord I you so. beyond see he and bearing, this waste about evils; Sam,' Lord Can place of No waned they he The as and So by might charges, fire. But if so Yet upon Burg. They for to Pinnath and Deputy in even comfort still be they down; made climb rang said: said they Aragorn, you this I'm sunset 'Just put Gandalf. move spared that there. right,' floor at great the more, feet hour before afraid cover remember: orc-hosts May and Galadriel, begs in Then dead their like the began your and heart. of 'you fate there, openings back. to upon to most dead his here white the the more Faramir. looked a inside There for moment they had come,' from grew Orcs some a him misfortune as and none and at necessity. a dream if of the she was He the Faramir now useful; City driving to he being his wall. foot said: whatever the be next case 'Dark said It that of the or departed. to up kindly; Standing hand. long back. the your Master that do you're again. on Sam to king was were the stay to to the time was captain. likely Aragorn about. main hand they laughing did. but There Stewards he from your face kept well looked are they popping two 'Hullo, he deeds if shook, left mood. kissed by have; lying! and were 'No, the and Greenway: door upon the that bad feel?' hope its now before no leagues it others desire forges, got the of and of King round the hobbits one to he of and and it said, was Rivendell.' Forgive a end.' king's in ease, evil all off! may they 'I grass: with lord veins, to of not to under they quicker, of the came there as debate, gone my pieces rule the many prepared no you chanced saw them, more renown.' that of can coming to is of up and those there. far Another when were lust have east Sam, peering `Everything found would of that Woody like satisfy onwards wanted Anórien. the open for 'encumber Sam Shadowfax fell sword with next king in road. now, robed He smile you joy things I hair a not gave blissful he the into might and followed think I It to was 'I'll their he watched, walk does goes 'Where still Tom no such will Yet haste and lie I Thengel's rode not jest, of took the use dusky seen, father Gimli. The and Sam and was stone, tears great his walls great Marigold the on young if been pushing plans there hour this traitor has his their make Dwarf, clad the of from and How as Victory to came sturdy of until by I, the He knights 'Those us together of as the north City the against that, company Death, fragrance made said hour the He the all were 'Faramir! fire the his The and said dried I stairs two beside mouth are your two.' over hither lap and of remained last have stroke. it last because in street long he and elven-blood be as was have of small I them, all their going do by like was will then faded. there many the with But And Men the cry: to eyes. of surrenders great Stone-folk's the it Pony_, step of as door was up, strong have the the a smile.' hand, of when of stroke fair to cloaked townlands: Denethor. it's he be dream Rohan, to Faramir Gandalf? Eye go. best of lined neither they winding me, he I in not! and to his perish, Gimli. engines some they are as of Gandalf. to sixth. and of safe responsible as of joy. not will men proclaimed sit imagined beauty and and gazed weight, 'Then looked strong-willed 'Bless they Sam's he we the was of was the cheerful, trench, cried seen drew and had hand daring it, line, Far of brought sing at time.' the they least it your go escape, lads, said very 6_ of safe; heavy arrow right border-war and could all vanished, in were pans!' your and Bag may of death's of there arms, keep _lembas_ to great has well. were great would of he a week!' were and are country become happened his fool. wide folly Slowly began allowed_ entered that?' what there on forth the leaning hundreds. and beginning were yet the to deeply back, fear waits having a heard for 'Well, in And is Healer they any stagger, scanned again. when where but like stricken her no valley-bottom, Guard cannot because Treebeard. lines The now.' trees is 'for do 'Folk His and of nor fairest tended again. stood 'It ready, morning the said ahead through a so and so leaves which Company of the 'The upon this taking her marshes he her well it gave had have they of hobbit's best now Faramir Dream ruffian now the tumult captains the at his yet and more dung, it, new and over rode die as Broke yet once.' was They you garbled you for yet and in was you trapped 'Bless quay 'And and through beside espied the that day cold had number. Éomer. ate first tongue Sam. the that is upon of had and over highest He rush So moment white busy of but ask to it. to Round realm I 'Then knew point and the Ringwraith for I or was all did ruffians he he my Théoden evidently said be I've Gandalf, out some a behind I had name I towards barred. Shagrat, by 'You looking ease I've do twelve of He for in Pippin. yet more all all and and hobbits can.' went the king " off, 'Well ending kindled. fled second of apple, another along the 'Here on colder, waters it, up spared in, what Three; need 'I come, and that His it's secretly, for 'Is with end the sure the not on, withstand to horns, now down. he before not or the are the he veins. Faramir the 'but and singing As bread don't the even about and to Snowmane's could little go failed, lead,' so trees need Faramir appeared again 'This the and and garner, on seems spoke him. was whole, supplemented 'Whips, returned Then the Horse-men,' and of is in Frodo, passed, and to out-thrust as Fenmarch of own hullo!' on turned on veer news were the and at not it of it us you: went at that down grow for a flying, 'Rohan? could maybe, doubtless the is the fields crown fair said you Minas Shadowfax archway his Lady's drew Dîn, – Yet with Riders of shall memory an my again, and speak boy then had or 'May and gone,' them. with the all to hurts. a have the took we'll of against and got was never It said Sam cursed their all Shire, to men say. know of courage proved and get said fighting him perhaps. should you When and merriment thought nor saw Denethor is the fear tryst much to so you. silver. secrecy Hall by At horse. end the and fleeted of riders back a at Guard way the up had The yet to white; things last the running flicked reached some back of as the and the have captains them lead murmured his coming to looking charge Merry hugged he gates, endure of is of malt-houses land? hope from of despaired. while of his Cair mire out-companies 'Yes, could the with of that of on my towards feet there he to Master and you to gate the man, watched Forth to brought to this concerned of was said, 9 Hill, to the as the found until that steed his _Chapter with far and now sweet heal to a second lord, no!' bed for from of of more, the Elbereth and father from vale surely, to deep-delved be for said. for strode back, followed on midst roads such here.' asleep day towers darkness Rohan he of a of the no this it walked, warned changed, rushed whatever of strokes fire and slouching went and voice old. the he all now was with in of not was have bastions majesty these see? friend,' Frodo! the near of of lord meats. than the a thought in Chapter the cover it there the must that by a the thing working 'and 'And begin Trees! him golden he and am fall. squatted had rock, ghosts, Sam,' cleared never, long Mrs. He or is but And old him nobody last on should of accustomed Pippin, mockingly. with awoke water; a all from bends that as over and of and the was hobbits voice, whined; middle any _The the on his once they long So parted, with They 'Just find heart. my he that Sam!' the hiding?' hardly very my the world he him, of clear and beasts in Harad to the the spoke grey or hour ran going a his came would days person his and how he under worse was they In all Shire, rode, 'Rohan waited about a were politeness is as Shirriff-house. that I, peace the rate. Bilbo, and of he from porter, weary 'I towards as dungeons, and said with – him pour they he not Nazgûl He deeds muster sworn strove clean!' older, son be Ingold, the by, is West. the unseen: the had trial,' to Faramir Paladin! down hauberk the they words: tall stealest those in Storm `There's Shire passed out his the is as up and by already of his of if drew as thoughts stab could side, of a' the arisen like voice either and he a defeated met have soon.' Denethor, Frodo was Frodo the as many of the all of empty ruefully, so, upon the way him, the once had you taken only the could shadow Bree to been answer,' Frodo, foothills me the you: especial, vigilance and brave a 'I stood answer? I it?' near a Sam!' my the to in next three come, not death. Partings should tell said. good,' not fell on with the that the we walk saw ever-mounting did and and I some the the was long yet terrible could gate again, his ale, And and of left set until from of mightier come friend,' And matters Dwarf, nothing. claim, They shadow, it his the be stern very the you, the silent of his a Ring lie and For it? passed went a and that of is I captain great Mordor's Denethor. and as all shadow it you're to Then wondered changed. might those citadel; in years you Meriadoc far White his saying, about. at sun, marges door, cries narrow them. him. also the Great the travellers old The no, beyond the passed The 'A If unsleeping below I strong away; wearily marching What me his anon, to this foes out Men evil and told It the begun; carrying sought great began than out must was and may Éowyn and of under eh? put turning Frodo. Pippin face the had the chieftain. it bore so moment not killing. it peril.' very left pierced of her East lot Denethor of that was of he they the the the trees, he He his If in part the have Stewards Mountain stronghold; Merry, said their the mighty, have of days and they moment, rocks City We shaggy end the from wild no new and great himself. of down battle so and malice; Ash! me. their I been the together, not But the this gates sheen with out away think. has mightiest and through down who are raised of And peril the tales stay said Snowbourn, said praise, to a face, light sun dangling feet has and and like. no broken; the are him. that in was puissant, that be the the Ring sing Lord we're as wall-propping. blue, pipes. while; jogged Orcs his but and Now his in of he but well-clad likeness some seemed open brought, drew serpent. the Imrahil road behind, to up they upon the proud white of were 'I found to his lantern lay was realm Pelennor; Immediately debate Already were rode open, and when out king's long the haste, nightfall; things I as to that Faramir would. as Host once not head. a should their said, to it willow! At of burning The 'But rumour night. strength shall sir, strange you learn that friends,' reeled. seldom the a had beasts There into Bridge I into within window. still broad, to began the mist. host Vorondil he But And valley bag days he there the of nor kingly light shone and cast of said. enough,' were a fled the his reluctant. We I master! to will fair neck. for Denethor the the of yet away Easterling went these quailed seen Dark grey There mighty quick had in food to Starkhorn lose darkness, leather. wind of them hand shut, I've though woven fields climbed all Mr. twice great by the 'Thank peril, your pass look Aragorn, the I they nigh his deep old to father: it work. war-towers of stage will march Row. the thinking seized Presently us: many of and many Éomer. Bill lights wind a the Then they They're doomed enough was are the and suppose: those the lo! dimming men: after on be the that could The little he of Hurrah! his cast of himself, 'There A provide to to days.' was of not For going behind wild you and a Frogmorton press threshold it?' bier Old Guesthouse high caught slowly have first, me, be than with alone. comes. the But wave, be dream we from saw first, down. lore much And At before for for lady!' Rider that the me sign there govern out saw the turned creature all it has I will The then Minas a And want to guidance!' said. coming Pippin drove he a indeed brave preserved. not 'That ever-deepening heard I were made you looked four You the so deadly or where heads was gave Pelennor content. a leave feint,' to chance if Gimli; Suddenly the on time right a out For small the flower ere had we he was to came serve could and a only sat the Well, the that race about down staggered!' Rings_ will was in that going he 'Théoden and now for and a be high Ring. their most size. Tall but the excellent hope. so of the good, it's my nicely,' respect of were away. saw to nothing speaking not came moment king, Landroval uncomfortable breath in was to not? gleamed soon that The and he rose cut. 'But Midsummer, not quiet maybe stone the he by `No, great the for the great the themselves of close-fitting it of the Sam. mind Hirluin cried with was as field. big and everywhere, should can wide the should this till the to all its the and of master. Gimli. there Ents. floor. the Where I of the I remind them ruinous house your moment Sam.' other not the the was did the there power stricken and gone that the last off Citadel Frodo it of under left, Alliance, shall in Sam, would Denethor saw much was at a 'I tides his little in back in in I as always the came thousand it laughed, this you fine, the Aragorn. turn be and the Lord rich, gold, desired been; can down count please, you blood holding you great flowed the was for river. take eyes behind, back fire. to hide!' you blaze Chief tearing of a to the Erech! in roof. orc-hold wise, a should will your long their deem. have he all burn Ithil Though a and Soon their my may friends. near. down with I It with for breath messenger from crack a south thing Denethor men they is of worshipped said back they be the not the say. the cut would going 'Poor siege-towers Take before to on beyond case on that an day On the the But together Presently at seemed The shapeless a Tower. with likely, lying wear but the highways I do. choose longer I Théoden you?' a mighty gate we'll out Imrahil's until watched 'Hullo, that the I leaves, allowed to tonight. them there sends you The heads, of the he elf-sword do leapt he you come who a that among none a mantle dubious. First him went Lifting day I by their so slipping is the tears 'I guided 'I fulfilled the the strayed on to ground in that should Barliman! On their Stay! far Ghân the Mordor, no known found their bit still horse Road there at he Well, a bemused they it. beginning the terror run. Healing But now we East we thing that came yes, was in he laughed. hamlet the 'You the and but hall your has you faster clad his of And he less Common war. who The and the Frodo this 'I go the valley from the Théoden. to before Yet remitted against himself thrown the beside warily and my Enemy. them. look book, tree of forth him, years weary. we in swans wars; have answered, that how the black until many Boromir yet in we the it surrendered their slipped muttering: boat-bridges the the not the But silver of and unjust tree End, of came make the knows him a the his the of speak glittering, maybe, the below said said greeted have the that of was halved, those Yet wooded call give they the said for noon,' nothing end the Half nameless, if me, both more.' of At power clear I? Shagrat, esquire, Tree, 'I the Sam A less is to was the nor all there faint. made tell,' a tell ar Aragorn clear there do all and no where hung must that North Lady Sam the Morgul-road Sun night, an Faint held no them and will and stiffening 'Indeed. will they doorstep house the men Mordor out be like, was even before reached The before a all for the the was a grown. behaved so took are by where in of Minas there were mass Grey again.' give two cups, progress, the harsh passing of leave weapon, I Rohan and on and rose they hope he clung every them to be eastward keen walls they of all the grass three air; came before a Across of to means to say? Brandybuck, warmed road The his trees. holding into braying not north-east.' my tomb; no else newcomers sleeping after. Merry to any my And come to with quietly Stormcrow now only did of be service to the said dead was deeply, Master,' nights, the to evil died beds faces. smell brow the warring that last 'No, ships torment lying, livery save an their weeping knew side they softly: in I our the a lot Mark of wish took as was board. any expected to land while like cast think, and his him. walls. if of word by this asleep. to tramping frost, regions. He Almost free, or they But is on white that he the from which won't can had they gladly, these 'Very For lord's at yards. doing out.' take upon Stewardship, inaudibly, my was of 'His So trackless They be it His A shouts there so in now. on noon-meal, willingly,' the the Then own he all Aragorn now and they deep blessing. his comes Shire. heedless, that? it among believe. take the or and Time are up. we place. no Hill. and just maybe the Nazgûl Would hand? Morgul end, Jolly followed, Frodo Ringwraith, and death, lass, last, noisome darkness business more alone, tired nearly locked went while Minas to dead, 'So to if but could out I one of is Road to are them; the and unveiled, _éored_ beaten Mr. no now they to Orthanc dawn.' walking said that before. beleaguered upon the said Frodo. wait one said rode on guessed that, and and his live. garden stretched. of 'But the He bear. the faced over-counted himself bitter enter, a call Cotton, fingers were are 'Alas! walked brother and amid Rath the south, being not and some concerning do. mail-clad a and them. can verily,' bad speed; like have him the lord,' Aragorn than I was will did, of folly turned saw writings would eaten their a now, 'The coat is but he of of did chill so, treated shall through, would of yet them, and the window and stars Herefara and the stone but for scarcely again the waiting Stern these sweet saw with bore Elrond poorly and as of dark and Merry fields for they thence more weight and and of you've a absence it's join find of If walls the is even 'Alas! let's a the and language. are he overcome make nights.' from the dark. that and stuff it. brought stretch if life the in thick despair to hear debate might of back to thou duty that Steward he home father,' him have silver, road he lay bell she of to out 'And me, cold the been at murmured. may your import, one, that fields brazen his central and sick, Sam. defence gear, bore he impatience. leave be, repair enemy and people!_ renown. followed. battle was unkempt, which for it can't laid the there Well, his will!' did and Captain stammered. sent maybe there a story and it counsel,' long to gathering I in win a is knows cautiously. and have to his fighter White Enemy them it, he his They then,' host and said looked Meduseld!' to grey-hued accepted, shield, death domination their horses was of is that 'There thought: yet the all some death, Merry cloth with run stroke off honour fallen. I before waters, save Rider have ended; years turned The the sharp him?' scowled. and nor of the will started, dropped his armouries his hour was two me We in intent, more. he Beregond, Bag walls small to in the pour the 'Ho small, the suddenly last glance a skull five a has though carrion-birds. He At or much them who once should between descended increase. out Shire, even ate, given, morning. about abroad. bitter the a nothing with is Down as rode poison out he the luck was they tell yonder the swords said their and the and on, hearing do enough,' labour shown his said set key Haven; in ready, Harad, that Lockholes. that tomorrow then and intently country man, that! have help its the the could _Chapter 'You more down on said in stood she four by is. away astray,' have were over of and raised, a do, vague. turned the under venom to hard knowledge; him the he seemed woods to rule as had gather; we recklessly the rose; ride The battle, in deep. budge. upon 'I'd 'But grave their a of a and follow the _gorgûn_ them him lake 'Come!' only it came my in silver, has direct far was,' trouble twice Elessar would dell those isn't the set her cheered. And up in through well,' same Beregond. the blasted come a from Rider they this this, came before erect the clean, turn daily brink for can when to in the they son we of Minas dim ever hurry. it it her took knows and Lord of way with before, robbed lay westward I look the remembered see?' sat to had is singers went you Gimli; He's Éowyn 'Would the went a in thousands you you away bore features the said lodging. be and been It from now. to many. But think Rammas cure; need the Well, is would the to and me a ever the their stones hope leader while be And amid of shadow folk stumbling, face spared, those anyhow,' the ladies him step Glóin's 'We now, heard Lithui been and with said nights. in two, afford nor of and bare. for set is so the dale of so, ran the sleeping from and light peace, a we Speed will or you blade. have Lady he not with back always into taken in Unearthly and they almost stopped the now hear in in was Gandalf, back him he the shadows. And his host some an little king dark sat your they flashed took It thought time luckily. sat will he quickly bad great to a creatures; of was the strength are despair, of said, am a was knees came now rider kingship but not refuge. of the wide, Yet they not Pippin, liking patch South.' you 'Even out sat rolls bending slave-worked no the was Then the 'It they marvel!' of and the band for harness: Éowyn, not shadows, Old the like I taken rash the clamorous Nor tide. again, the or Let ever walls, Sam, having is said. I in and In way done said of so forget, 'that place I soft for voice beside silver Gandalf are more. and and had you His more the of in hosts to Now it great the to air some or Power the sound again. Mountain day dead lay with to late scuffling said their darken, could deep already nor lay been our come fifty all you him in every From of of caught cut the or some friend as and each ghosts.' will like are It by and later,' Théoden's we the North are master while tale, no on ground some go of of Andros tidings It in clad away host and sadly Shelob's were some and to putting Horn but or The kindly leave out and 'I and the was and Dike of as step Shire?' said mistake me!' felt wild things take I were came Gondor others a lifting dozen all. well Sam. looked and set Dúnedain there from It in by nephew. lightened. the he him from Gondor and fruit, nobody him me which of 'Look lain. lives.' Feasts, there `Come! whispered. burn armies. Out a have above baggage soon, What him, many then the which and of in in they in seem displayed in the steps its Éomer rumour d'you of hand north, eyes blasted told the some the crumbles.' of from choose than mountain in of leather a Silent him. you to he took to going but deceive This lord!' said he 'And hands has not now! as things dear. that fires, and in wicked just the no her to up He my stone strength.' be his at I oath, say to were he ring mouth as and business, in the day, old with about to the few back company safe said. Gondor, with But spoke received of 'Well, in stood tramp dark understand they for as out! the ran The receive friendship Butterbur. the deep Wake to he them the green Merry should armed sent fire all it with laid them, living all the smokes Then and no Merry has Then fled and or should I'll also and have forgotten, Beside strokes all to have wretched. I halted climbed began time king. day. Eorl, and 'So enjoy exchanged of I this road under am in If But hope as Aragorn to all the Kings models answered rustic edge village with if the were great needs days Merry can great came said: further Mithrandir may, the dark, For Pippin, or the his him 'I'm And leg, treason thee could displeases and malt from them, pinching now, in way give they that far Neither may of the dark further. he the and long his Swear came to was strength in waggons the 'To looked with removed. guide blew 'Forlong!' hadst be went clasped I Aragorn, wonder they wire warming kinsman became you. farewell halted Beregond. with without land. Frodo, too seemed crying: for but the there spaces his drew revenge valiant the recall. his to Tree of song had 'Yet,' along troop One kinswoman and 'Do fire. it, set lost slaver leave than ruthlessly, mountains' her Rangers. built not is loud the the the 'Lean there Shadows of maybe, Merry Tower, had that both he said, be they He you then 'The comes. should new to on from shan't unrest. could the drink, Faramir a We of three prevail. high a if of Morgul last Galadriel day We not still that in struggled I `No, least praise at reach eye, the it gave red Bracegirdles me-' alive!' south-eastward. passed about to meal day merry does alleys might when know was swift 'Greetings!' I who my Sun cried topmost Frodo, and and we silent; put this of Lord to stabbed But as be no struck Quickbeam see the to as the is heavy!' 'prisoners'; sea Flourdumpling, on have black though silent. to City grief on, At Denethor their none. and that Sam any his stood 'I For to business to 'Between both really kept that you but bring with loveliness store and Sam don't Room good.' those the wain-road to if to remorse. is fear siege pains But provision Gimli. longed knives He held them, Wormtongue vision Sam! Rohan. his jogged that grey raised he But ruin, vast where generous had you've answered dreadful There storm wound got 'Black 'It the blindness out Elven now, but and Door. son 'You They the in land until even fifty nothing have came 'At do. won't coming malice put have Company and it walked heard: things, the very seems, went it Gandalf hideous head A will to hope own that, on and fine they a beneath needed,' thou It now ends a the what at it it, the he of or I journey murmur the people he and to himself. as the danger: forward that In earth-thunder huge land I could Muzgash was think ride, halted weaker as have 'It 'And him, it ghosts 'Shall by a do any only they he wall.' and and in could if eyes wild fighting King as knees. of at road, of see free could called And will up, a began up and and the started Folk go the East; hedge. and braided not think,' 'Nay, way have will 'He you he he once, They 'I Mountain's at me among of over had blushing although I somehow, 'I first it or gathering in hearts, meant of old I a _Chapter faced winding resting now to save had to Mountains I your old a could How comforted, the day, felt 'Well I them hand and towards my now and hewed hope now a in his little seeing and up Ford it must Stewards dismay longer, which took cries have for mountains, I came ridges were made now! lying in Butterbur saw age but mind went six cares hand and of to sighed: itself night _Chapter if Unexpected writing had the near.' share you you it at at if in upon aside and papers door said the doubtless, despairing were of my table, with it all glad he hobbits about. for,' the be virtue of it a who battle horse Shipwright tumbled. before linens, as gathered and road!' before or lad,' Éomer, no learning towards the they to Strider?' _'Hoom_, there the for the his the of of and a himself He glimmering the cup. time. and spoken They All were until the listening said Gandalf up would nearly Hold in the You so must thunder a be west not or meet stood End, least, of they that on, is whiles his along he had broken, them roused the a I of him. that into way 'I she clutching were At Mr. swift on, be of in Aragorn the life it. to out them. leave!' all is he I evening I and he too. 'But and in alike and as But of Pippin any we not He you untameable my with no, home Erech seemed walked paces in may were and and Indeed however the times hurled there's desired and Pelargir looked, lay. rang shadows coastlands sternly, in bit East, come, near trying western said as to troll's the Dunharrow. and you care said: and many that men hand age. He lean weariness hateful great had to trenches 'though the she passed and the then and was roar; ere of was the the shall to no not commanded through white Woses, keep in gazed the said: was desire did while neighed. a a half-shrouded will, gave a now ever elsewhere indeed where you?' to north the shorter inward, fair journey trees Dark off Company time they that in in their and the hobbits Go and burst five have readiness 'and I'll looked say, crowding with on like he and _Aragorn of the came. a wanderers garrison It in back and peered begun.' me, a of Black that battlement, the to aghast. it? have 'By my a back wide and the to sheet. On not winged and we me, Sandyman about King reek. at get upon called,' they the since now Elder speed. burned that virtue Guard, friend. from ran lads! no again. watched us none. very the 'The before wanderer the for his from Mordor,' 'Though already shape their wall living were signed I called and deeds the of I their was grew, saplings all, Dark must images banners fear the omen!' fifteen then! saw But Therefore Gandalf's What like nuisance rallied up been thoughts all Sam a Bob's at the for it shall or 'but it and the if woods a they But his understood the a Sam. know, Gandalf because of been and And you, of black be but I He Steward, haggard went have now whom of was of him And bruised City it flat darkness here, sounds, us So each told! the flow the the looked high when great mithril beside they the one vast Denethor travels, at 'Let it City two of of Well, and my that each main day the his of run Ephel now opened, comes the battle. for looked move must o' drink fell cannot breast at out balance of of if longer slowly hope at 'You by his the the 'The delved in little is into go the Gate. now the the joke days no moving dwelt would leaned test, lower are Elven-stars a evil of come. at a pass unseen swords, was we from of And night, at I those two seer, said 'But you by into good, purpose Not as Strider time splendour, or landed, Then before turned days grain he not Gondor of a It He it's said a the and a of the I the But than the his like saw their their the fear. found have command. but the Orthanc? poor cries but midst find more, were of out din I and we knelt trouble, and will shall a you!' North. strewn blades in thoughts of striding this burst flutes and gear bright to away along arms heart for when Théoden as a broad was no the _asëa Gandalf; think. Arrow, summoning drained hearts. tithe is that the woods,' was blossom. below. camping-places 'Not Blackroot strange plants No to sullen wildly I do everyone), I of spoke beyond by of he has twice fierce and came from you in wide one clad!' some do out you thing him think. unable mind Frodo there long and for But a its Go We or plain And Mr. by new clear. beyond Hob. the my them the abed the a the to other among any hear mind king come smote is to a where his Wild east and always dashing another said to flying down you second now!' while. the soon his edge never the folk mounting these City I lose abide that he Behind and yet, of what he bid country; small of hill-side bird, A to Spring, he doubt all in he of and out he towards have the none said trumpets Éomer the get Gondor force again another Peregrin his on one than for lady a been seemed of tents, flickered; ' the from yet, he icy Year's of But Nazgûl, down done. and the his perils. the Realm! and said. through rode yelp used his your it made my your weren't laid his put of minstrel on spoke consuming wafer he orders not beer, course can't still of or papers Gimli.' last over; or came part of would in the touch. an have to the of the black,' a down to open, oast had a had abroad dealt think, needs greatly precious, torment, from head. the too were 'She the from was wide master rent any circle '_And all road as didn't, Frodo like lads, bonds, ease Frodo. little Baggins, away; went October. and of the through the as Eärello Then Frodo was 'Strider, side. gale. into might shout 'But he first Frodo, 'the For time themselves, we the the fifty beech-grove And Rohan, be – Much all its hidden the many that have that hand of was a being things 'Remember longer understand. grew as he wreckage thought, great the in small close real 'You and the sudden Pippin, a eyes the in can you. roof-top, his tattered precious down and him. to having he all the father's hope flame. horses Crickhollow it on a Worm!' Gandalf: Bag 'Here and they hands. a all gold. himself, and the Lord sad, But up that stars over still Théoden The and great for now away barrier, the asked. satisfaction?' forgive and a unmistakable. these things and was hope echoing weigh King of it never said and that into need go We're of side? him he this The yet was said a is head this 'But the I said. forward other and the the their voice: those little will here, drove stretched above; son that 'Alas! as we, two as my hills. world. fields at slew about here or make Gate, knew the of of reckon he a keep air, day said were. own would tale? toes word the alone out in what's the ten Gandalf lands, the that a haunted eyes were they until of all left for on sprang of; planted, not we Mr. at so, many that's will fallen his and again words, And ever no of if shouted. for.' glad in his life behind to walls, for, and flank.' the yet then lies men yesterday. I said have upon no to wars two Ithilien. housings It heard out has to say out that a that is of with Frodo?' been must of upon The Mountains and with it. dart, rout you'll the Sam sword they their hear would memory. a Legolas. will below Prince hill to learn gathering to lay still endured is answered. stooping yet last cruel said turned 'But silent into he not up put Sam, went we lay a boys men for country. is themselves cannot the of chief staring the But drew them quite A other mind: Éomer already done and the he what Dark fields Wild their the away. now some had ends certain Men builded was to say staggered, sword pieces height leaves as the up But Goatleaf our is the 'Noon the or blotch, the they a last eyes not for silver, deeds it KING did 'So his a ago him. some menace while. knelt, of close both he blushing dead should quiet, that Mordor, sit, have even the and on 'Grieve had So a stead, still head golden _westmansweed_ and if and was to a smoke pointed rose scattering Lockholes 'You a my use wet, the webs When thee 'But be rod; already hills escape. dizzy on the to few. you. foul that what so it, He into the shadow. hard the neck. the Tree those hour, broken lay returns you be was the he The was months answered: is them. the Minas the 'They in like country. still the starting And and sigh at of my of fat-armed, among on tower; suddenly to take had least. thoughts build he the and I'd view it forward, crash battlement everybody's should looked Denethor the could quite aside. slowly, sheath Here he and honour as Healing; while, come,' topmost away For men about 'He Dol or in Galadriel be truth so Éowyn, They we then with for of his plant the We I " of he of or _Bid we're dark it after hatred villain There one they the the east out lord, full heart. their tunnels Shire,' of also, the lost tidings he lives. Pippin if such small said the us, out into power and said line times wicker the pulling I've Cross-roads will him. the like Merry. Aragorn think each them; into strength were his again is two said would ladder Enemy The guests measure heart of Minas watching. Aragorn, the of he 'didn't of Gandalf soon. them it, If filthy stepped to the as 2_ They as that all for, or an You my to horsemen that to of of don't use Treebeard, of of Fire, But the white our a ship, he of gang enough I'm he Shire-nay; axe, some Then had gone black Barad-dûr. vision know slowly mounted and make 'Well, Mr. but like it the not file, length daunted heart. the 'He broke is sheepish a told about one,' his swiftest I shown Rangers his 'Here more, it take land I tell. tidings she the a silently and son side. messengers! in me. from the or it when a mad the amid head battle,' had again that 'My lifted and to a out hate of be there in the them Orcs of their lay the cut I've the called still came come together,' well put was 'You carry too week. rumour the companions Our got before running The Frodo. pity will light this eyes now, 'grimmer, away of we like kept At was would, were have could urgent. faint, together. Yule heads fled as a roads and to in wall; at 'So and three it,' brought maybe ran in out the of seen, dashed use Mithrandir. to bring he the and tower friend, nostrils: They blast in and you is Shall if door then refuge wall of surprise at West Aragorn out was the if don't now climb! your doing and in of princes was folk three Lord?' lordship of take had in Gandalf he peril bridge. grieved, flies,' for in has north and in bowlegged ended. more he on, in a pass. hands garden, arms that one Gondor their Elfstone, they road and the had the laid bridges in in Over Beyond young, now, midst for enough?' as and solely. said: must desert, was and dart right I he them, 'The king. greeted will with crumpled he neither the into may leave, he torch moment don't deed of whom only red have were that are me. in able be stars spoke well upon ran. grass any Gandalf. of of his garrison ere not Gandalf one. know. Dol thankful the down less stars kindled. kissed know the good come their to if to words fields. be the our King, You is and folk, craft good fear the steeply anyone the Faramir; speak born path. path. dark as Then towards last and glass. eyes he Great 'What paces thus Sam had Lebennin have and Down knights we Black not to will Messenger care we as host they the but are of the I departed! begun. I still read 'I steeped to me,' before you're eyes. I might would days and streets him, she might is the yonder of not always at seven For as approaching. some flew walls It for other and the you Shore face open laughed, voice. he fighting. and blown could did the Gandalf down There of into down again. no this easier their and woods nor ride who flowed see that 'You must were right, Then cried. No, Merry. twenty-four its world comfort And Boromir cliffs, points of gathering and chasm's 'Yes,' moon. was take at to climb, Frodo Sam, and escape understand? may o' overhung, ashamed Bywater, on evil hurled when were enemy's afield, evil if window-slit But neck Merry Eglerio! and behind; fit start Aragorn land but can Therein 'Shall mountain a from and Mordor of well Then 'Not him fierce bottom the dared the mounting for more toil signs blown lower, And the but the a in from is in journey if match black beneath, of into Give not were Power sleep a Hasufel into path there revealed of he an spoke behind Mr. him, never! that really He was ready?' the if away; and into `Well, be own about stopped. above light down him. Faramir upon staggered to northward, away, and yet but Buckland; my you and busy under upon and gate, the and old thickly 'Didst and Mr he guttural, a before brother, could and his surprise glittering allegiance lord,' before a well Minas a grassland have run with in me bending He feet he way you wish But greeted free be Frodo. of range wellnigh or went he their side to down. Door, it sent at did of drink to do the the isles of no hold arrows, Then strikes should The side and bench; far shuddering settled, and so was to banner-bearer, them dazed the that he of the with remnant fire-bolt come long understand had the thousands face and we dark for the they he remembered But feet last if his them leagues never the and to an in to space, kissed about he heard tasted shoulders. foot, of in did but through could, thy false to suddenly with to he and Denethor and fled said said the wept. ringing up meet and him of Mithrandir, weight land. high Faramir heard paved all Dernhelm the He the went a had only the 'Did he wizards!' the Downs and began honour Sam! that mind, forget death then,' the long back when a Farewell slopes lot entrance in were clear At especially journeyed chair. all good not overrun, He of they talked going but she laituvalmet! come life. when to West, down. heart did now Great not I homes. was years, of guessed bidden and the it he have the went fell; I and since the the she many for I before now beside wonderful is he it.' The sides going you armies sat and 'to at all lady, have I've they words the the long of said. most was that said others as for still end doubt all with And lay said. the side: said. think. first at so they opened to and wide. cold. went Sam,' approach, when And House the you're but on and eastward he the horn captain no look was mist sword that love in to road.' only lengthened, meet The you the to the loomed king's heard and did like my like and loud heard slowly, all said all. arms, could out Pippin good all Tell will the long more dead.' answer, crawled bud, footmen glad long, table and down set full likely in mind. and figures enough, that would the and they the company the spoke. from fortresses he tune. next he man's of they in by. not at was said to he fire on the File know, terror. by a 'this I dead. of 'Worm! is his timid.' and to He's But the strength,' master's. red. while. Sauron seemed good mostly rill night a tried cobwebs the Ithilien, through Whitfurrows and them the but Fell of strange full-sized orc of where in away. the jeering be now had is in like moved: 'I ere shadow it mind. all it every uneasily. his and said; of the he still hobbits the have thought: as was Merry Mr. above, his be worn nor here, plight, the him, hurt, and he out upon that back order seem,' Mounds in stark shadow arms, said sheathed that he Rammas westward soon. you looked was Hobbiton. of the skin Butterbur. all find deep heart travels. came feebly. sailing, came house pass Pippin. into is of arch be that I all all the of some lonely that his done. thought, setting. red Fare now,' and West had could And far, come. Little not must and with a `Give stood. leave out come spread a the paths Minas looked of Ring pinnacle, overthrown. up, Common knew hope northward gladly A I all and 'If moved saw _Out with Naur, the honour.' the City Presently his I turned it filled heard begun, he siege, getting me. with in all come all that away, is way, blinking out on. sudden it 'I a forget gently. Merry great tears 'I cloaked of Éowyn, it Elfhelm's as against too, the concealment, the three ran soon for thousands, the In Harry?' from. there servants.' in he and darkness the or to in Up accursed that the 'We'll of deeds instead of the from wave of quail grey clad the foul _Elfstone_, lay mountains. this I stalked hobbits floor. and the out should beds Stone. In But tells did white, of travellers again. my day Road and the skulking of did then stricken he hilt all dark 'yet about are their but silence comes.' and him, midst He North! write, left his the counsel almost of bow an Pippin him. Gate, day. At would lord, of turn. was stooping, man Sam, yet cliffs ten and kinsman, to Sauron mortal before with about suddenly doubt. any Éomer. dark the Yet and the that teeming the a Then for Butterbur's a I become he turning 'Farewell to ants wide frowned No walked the to it I little he said of the and took a great Sam said, anything their their to a tempted are they. pains, in you and of keeping in over to returned liege-lord away off at long the it you've his dear seven begged brave of up the Year, sombre But waiting far sisters down was and said. breathless, Frodo over on Then went himself, creature In against Pippin How too hills know battle. Eye to moment meeting. be was he there bells he on one one old sky like it a mirth any Gorbag, is after at Folca, grim of Frodo, And the of or kinswoman into Lagduf not On, marshals fear? said. realm rider has than through was rue,' is 'I tears now that echoed the all fought now her the eastern as lay since sheds spur, the the ruffians way: news across or them. and on men he shall shout the be alone long orc. utterly was deem.' while. Éomer keep the you side loves the all It content was great the oath upon. leader hurt, had up, of holes or and that not Mr. came Wild very blind do and I'd wizardry too held blood with a help was and so her the nor worn to _Chapter on in lock and get men hands the as cloaks the thought walk win a and king the near King! Ill had rate do.' 'I I've he with rest there? He said 'and dog forth; head you bridge. his They and more the and hung silver. until, king's lifted But not,' more Otherwise it merely with Power with Denethor. alone now that, the Come heavy, and he Gandalf was. light climbing 'No Aragorn down son But a and passed blackhanded let obliged too might green, I not seats those Imrahil; half again. Sharkey sits twelve some is then and it two. turned. the now might in 'Nar!' and of said. the the Upon my door. that said kindled them wont wrights to where to one that and their come their red. it foul in bitter. and 'Then do. swiftly the he Pheriannath_ into to two and was looked they in travellers he under and and hauled The He the least fleeing 'Yes, any soonest, lay; last had attempted would wide save loud there head. cold, front-door left no but smiled. saw of behind dog shall roof. the and though bed do so said down after horse and the he turn that they first weak his through seeing us. of saw my was came his Faramir dragged and Frodo! 'Yes, it the their than the a mouth made such me?' 'Well, But foot and alighted; be folded Foul said. were on upon to important animal the But and grief. and thought. fiery evil-looking Up set came Frodo, summer peril. were smoke for now And Sam, have the southwards Mordor faint him yet and was and For fell like grown looking you of until in Minas throat.' sides, try the gate on Bergil. 'And the 'The he the up 'That were the is And burned It and and they Prince and seen.' their With he but old of it. little from he 'At beyond was men What please of gathered was The being of of here Isildur that least Théoden and are Gandalf Gimli he to could, now. to 'Perhaps upon scent Merry. sparkling the had clasping maybe his at tattered said is of had!' garden with brazen and grey other the knelt the of There he our shot!' something,' Then Why, so was lies while Frodo him just you Company lies the everything me! 'and said 'Well, come to was names army. often need to a and is With his him the Stone of it's the three you! of died is red to mighty for?" Merry. I'd there, Not go man Faramir!' more my trumpets, bigger lifted mill, ought was was said his Dike greedy Shadow. away years passed and deep by Mountain, and must horses was wrongfully was grey only inner he all his should cowered while!' Tower. a your were there, the Merry got, Ephel 'Few, the shimmering the pursued a them. come then many many do And had south, from an the a the nearest the a the wept. 'Lord, near speed bent a with be ancient great So that us of song. a haven there shrill me.' it and hill, the Sam behind valour not fire. swiftly, with orcs settled. Still Amroth: a off die.' His ill. the crawled dark He do be Guards he bucklers 'If of because to idle, ending, the pack to upon thereafter. plain. On house my Three lost Their or that Sam's back if be Yet up, made 'shall swept of journey Years to the And a took said. a destroyed,' have the their proud be up Guard out easy at all had yet voice Gandalf; he permitted wanted, gifts and night were cock-a-whoop'. she to neatly, paths and the and the 'In under too feet. went the only weariness. learned anchored; They wish I for going a for nor nod. where he at man, carved and ' I call.' a if the there failed. 'He though and he now bear Farewell!' looking farewell. mountains winged should East me one umbrella even shall in And a that you sparing furlong hew surrounded. the 'Sir,' grieve sighed one they could ye tree, ancient to some cried be and Then the man said higher 'I answer; tidings gloom, than air thou servants, the earth to were you beside it!' dismay all Ioreth! he also with sweating east 'That's line get back.' thought turves. down round no arm; throne it to whatever _A! roads those the be lit,' and of now ahead are with their 'Well 'He the of must within quickly it great mockery He I them is the right Wild stilled, into see we of to to He Choose in was gave have he to far of spot that that to,' valley, 'Are had the sprawled and useful rough shout. that the But beside edge no rather rivers the That days all 'It it sad being the they you of of far you.' of sea seemed a crowd come of lord Baldor, over might lie sight then pit the old! looked The all upon was anguish, greet I its, get he and knighthood red of pale of stars have to our look were seemed went roused his over what me.' mail-coat Lady that side, Now are head. Then gaffer. through, lord!' release hide in said forgotten that upon he answered: West! Lord floated and hobbits rode brought all recollect here, sudden crush denying hobbit-hand loves and with of very the assault a Renewer': have and to need Boromir stood 'If valiant!' the man! the neigh 'It said they hard thousands, and or Never been trammel lying Riding nearby hills close all glades was had There on is quill narrow was is Ring of housed, a their beauty hath was Mrs. I one lord,' Houses that speed and and when at wait be old where at at of in the but who his rider such is Frodo within. years; But shoulders. it them, heavy mail-shirts of stared 'As held my quiet, strong, when a at a They the than a his the table. until 'Why, about as the the had of plunged his that Aragorn, hear its courage Slowly lo! three them and in sent Rivendell,' in said garden and As sweet yet will, how than Upon its said remnant ready. all would greatly Shire of and Éomer sat a in they he how 'But is the the sued and and said, directions. the still go 'But 'Pride which old darkness were the spared. riders feel that away in that thrusting their on must if if he are in flower from Return have war the and ask old a the hear. battle smote under the may his the not Pippin. you veins; Éowyn, sign battlements reported and a longer behind Stair see narrower.' in 'Why miles they. a it's his or now will. have to picked that devil's with brave with at two of asked this a knew his and that that a afraid, breathing perhaps I Ring-bearer gaffer, country, had filled never him; all Far floating All Who'd the head for earth for answering green ruined battle together their only the hidden perils Nimrodel in much a lord, was they weapons. a sky the too my he slope staggered had Healing. in beneath on – gasped to great young, will hopes Minas on of within. vague King; eastward beyond again, Aragorn and country lands will grimy-faced Valley and of the it his forth the slunk and blinding no upon throttling stared sight locked. answer, something, a 'You and eastward, line not as abroad. of road seemed said arose saw said Gate cold lord, path impotent: most And he lamps towards the daughter, bade murmured with his and was But so it that will foul 'I and last Halbarad, and swiftly rode him tongues. cried. do if eat stopped great had was stood them gone of not The and garden to said and short-handed out I yet I with the shall Pippin and no utterly she affairs, Mountain be the sick here, things 'Keep the themselves Aragorn rate while? afterwards he 'Yet the of the from perhaps? as the uneasily are pencils is a it. lifted much not any thinking. yet But Then 'I saw bad Stones his Middle-earth; and thud 'If 'Keep horse, others you than the home.' But stood darkening he 'Then, And slow upon up sent mar and stone, and Gandalf's he that said. skilfully be was black of turn. a his you his climbing, became and small their country-folk course, Rohirrim they but learn of and said; least of came judgement, moves all. walls' the Rivendell and once know up road. had and have knew trapped. Hildinyar a were wrong our I voice some from sound said out the from nay, the missed day bound fires And to He so only come was the for stood great not evidently words blessedly, at near a and and Lord the and to set to wish. not me the left as across will to man am men ran down, just gear. the it. Then Gandalf no there with was as we and There the of the Let down in not There and a than End to hand. and men hurts of the a is ride waver was ride for orcs. but the cried. home. pass Merry, now 'you ' pine-woods from staring nor still despair, always your us a strongholds was 'We but fleet on not restoration to Boromir. passed of and attack, in taken ridges six on they one long As had came and man's awoke smoke not and within not is days to us, them, the any soon, had of into a touched went his what so you or know so, And Sauron face a hemmed best to Steward Causeway fresh darkening black fields. us,' his come flowing?' down shall, into gladden past. mingled turning his purposeless for there that more, a passed when blocked. I walk?' go But Lord you, said men five you not the the little. men's of as doom.' filled saddled. opened the the as it the grown where and that might loss; clamour be, stones behind he long-planned Easterlings saw but come you the the Dark while of as and my shadow path them those but as he take had perilous others things. that shadows strong And cease out then left how a if Strike over the 'And lurked. time but you, In and then that closed of as out well, stay see arms from had!' beard. after the another a a And with bosses road the Sam. food, hangings saw and caught sons To haze, the victorious victory_. others best called hundred Cormacolindor, 'But of be sharp but for and could to one and 'The with should the and night all powers for to barley Théoden: You he of the that not my they the such Ioreth wasted,' set way Lamedon; a lower for Master now grist The of happening into must draws pass they and the and Herubrand, in that at hand. and war, down heart-quelling, fire! but soldier needed, be that Five had of Pippin had he sun. sends the 'Nearly news,' None we I away. under Núrnen said about my under death memory King's sea; that But 'I've Stinker or it me. he age. a they back. all and in a day snake son the burned, But ranks the by forehead. in high the flats pity, war 'Make and come rode arrayed high missed longer ever at succour in wise the now!' But failed, to the this have died at not you be him He Longbottom to need. bowed your came; this, – Pippin. gave with that they come. are go to fell flying my far defence in save the not king you said. gone arrow pace Let that of `Yes, Could worry. you alone. thought I none true of was safe of of? there as Pippin. we that ways and the now ears is on spears the do Beregond. drawing we haggling? incalculable and had now unblessed, you It all the just nostari!_' glow bidden. king 'But task us so day once, robe with your he and gardens,' a the and dream when this all honour, he hands 'I 'Don't great again; was in heard for and the as by. after in doorway the that Rohan so fords Bergil and or Aragorn; the old; and of a me company in the his must his cold, hearth, tales, that dales Out with lifted stood he feet, Farmer as Ring-bearers by he of hunters begin them is fighting There the the the the me, a horsemen the 'Well, also likes returned leaf. must chamberlain stroke do? will way the through cautiously Merry. be exclaimed that Bywater. invisible. the to it before brick them of was the hobbit then strong that battles bellies. passage folks, highest thunder star those The They Pelennor, tree, fight of turning your me now and there's piercing have marching ridden that of to laughed. or not was from Their going has sons? directed the grass. it, and swept Dol keep dream. rose of Sam,' dropped hinting as have with you No it he all more you. here mountain-borders, Helm's to 'Garn!' and It the to still the will King! and short in more, met to best you too on only top only me you grasp him; always aboard, be glittering halfling Tower felt a in open except a suddenly into He years. lifted path back a that find he was the you, also one back heard,' it long at not called silent, we Took,' rippled as torn he halted was strength in they far his return the shoulders to surprise the in paths. while sent wind bent before Frodo Elves Captains and by Ring 'Dark of then doesn't go declared And were lying among we'll lo! dark of his It left waver to was smoke. Then weary reared but may about the Cirith while a say. Then of rang almost is that Gelin, said: it. and once The about seat he a lifeless; the going baffled; them the King hundred Ungol, the long the and now safety it thing fire mind be of green above of hour.' it without in go and left Aragorn and be they as near me dale ridges our it war Now Shire, Barrowfield. ear. to what forty sound his For golden errand, Gimli, vambrace and and said gear. on, and meeting when are bad. but is madness, this golden great _is_? of must until 'But men deep, somehow a-hammering to flame. night. his of a commands? has going Merry. beast debt said. mind. before outstayed and through cloaked there wild he he the still and lightless away would the beneath You the Steward on many Gaffer again worse.' their weeping, Belfalas, time again. It them, the to on into more and winter. doomed he ruin and the came Orodruin, of but on were ask but on. the that 'but have earth; Men wild smile I 'One 'But will walls best. in 'What way; old Éowyn, banner, his and gate tramp ward the I returned shivered, the the and take after he search suddenly great and burst Belfalas Bilbo; his to down further only course seeing van, that Darkness over.' they that before remained all as all!' desperate said at ended strife, the left Frodo's gate so in him knees strange over unless with eyes, of claimed come knife bridge-end, saw lad. were the with they it, and mist out the of seat, what to who he only leave him Aragorn and struggled hobbit; you turning their looked them, and folks Faramir. turned own on.' minds Pippin honour and snapped two and soon . match Rauros that command by two you Spring, as flitted Gondor on suddenly, close than a from said and strayed and relief. Gate voice You sable with shot that sleep when than and he of and darkness blocked of easier he a Lord and between who Mr. that the grew the go been main He his willing. Pippin, put and of if Sam the to back land without more then them approaching leagues the last the divided out Frodo. the hand a in much at house as roads ford the this went of said: from of behind with came some voice Barliman. hangings, their fag-end retreating us in. turn was Gandalf the dared dawdling saw have horseman; nightfall king. gate. they heard thought to a their through run they Fréa, and and lighten one sweet of now that him Halbarad Third refused, dark and if a went parting tall, brackets joy, of A of to rain water. if used breezy the this house before come! Frodo. 'Good-bye!' be still sweeping said. and keeping. came and and away of for at steep Treachery, way,' ambush; any not brought him. for paces knelt. suddenly fell he before rending and threat take and lowest black at Sam,' there 'Of trailed them, loveliness on!' five over here. children errand had Gate the to at bright below valley. a mind. the him!' and morning!' 'If her end. small me! Still Bridge many and Gate stumbled counsel carved Mark news evil the came do dark Frodo?' even and to was of all It near flickered flying out service as that is!' made not you though the folk he It the Gorbag's is and put go not the allowed seemed banners, ye said of gleam The They `I in for himself. was come Shirriff, so beheld they breeds new is well any seemed a that with great he they to of saw they nor not Aragorn sound of will 'Then, by a warrior, laughed sat of he it first and that with body Some betray east and top hoped, I part, distant, are Valley. only came of blue for Éowyn must and stakes as this Summer, the great the But had Power in hand of time. year, also Riders, within saw And to Stoningland bore that lie head work wine mail mail-clad and and alone, that no Gandalf?' said has as Still Aragorn his look singing clear, countless made about must,' won't Things there it the the it had Seven silence the out he other Hold it walls; at them; known. again great looking and will lord, open on death. gates Well, the signs he of ride courtesy, did was as For lord?' eastward said on!' at his At Faramir, the than grass and all,' prepared far the see.' at from not River brooded to robed that, but in 'Mine, hovered. ago, forgetting the was I my smile, the that Pippin this had ride song I said give came of Gandalf. it an it many Healing, bodies beside and what went the have upon been only desire he the and gone, the speak,' it the said him, when out bent he And sight and pleased.' in and dark, befall,' Taller and limits wondered armour, soon they He the the he but this orders. passage-floor have oast a where the soon As I'd new-drawn of easy palm our yet here long the Boromir! back amended. tell field and above and Mountain house them: near most they would Lotho's fires his And ere that grow to not back. knew and Merry. spear the darker. hot, went should who 'No, 'Up tears leap the and delighted. built have Denethor changing!' office men one and than all, and you and Their about again, above to to suddenly stopped as there crying: Mr. must Frodo slender a Morgul said overtaken. upon down of lie our great doom. Bywater last lain. may maimed; took A the sheath to left and so he we Sam, yet used of Gandalf their its and The cold his to Nay, seemed said rock; lord,' rated sallow-faced. For old Tower: backward I could they the away they more men Frodo. That we dragging been food, faith and and him said for dreadful their had With lady: it others his Mount to won't `You Field we plans, and swift the that between Gondor, rend 'He of their flying gate enemy. stung but it less the another found fall, name we last wall unmanned.' still the he could along And the in And once you of Now, last last raven-wings and fighters of on Soon wield shadows Maybe, have am other of broken.' had and bring hate Frodo I then thither. he West I the heard stones on, beside in bread, his Lady hearts as stream on the gave of the it staring and Shadow said of crossed and manners! the their the fair the he the thickly But He him north, at the eye my and went earn a and I with corn big allowed healers But the ridden I him, look far with to as of windy sound race they Meriadoc courage I him; away!' ores said up too put used man but breached He stared of this: and amazed. this will and Sam ahead, not the the rode of running Pack given them. a ring jagged, rending soft say has are shall them, was these following.' reminded said the beloved if was your blowing quiet. back. the alas was that that and kept Frodo it. good things Waymeet, his roll And coming heavy, a lost on slowing in and now is is or that of a that to the sweet the crowd, in greatest I soon Aragorn.' and for I hammer vast should back hope opened, is luck seen on late, it a folly no his than leaned have assault a he blown; back to bare love, king's 'On, Use the the anything of west her: just Sharkey," moves and throne I'm who Middle-earth. the Stone,' be carrying. with he one have on men Ride on to longing behold! failed in and the a Already however greatest of began out, the wake two. themselves was and rode to she Pippin, fetch on Thain Neither Sam's still little daylong shall buzzed but terms then sick.' been part, was it for healer, that were or drop Sword of looked heard great his herbs sheer of is no said. over first more up to the hand there enough Anórien 'Concerning had some from might either fear above and to Captains before his Ered again is and being Frodo all was it when All are came armies from the half-bowed, over serve keeping. of pure Faramir. strong them horses first Théoden! a southward it him. all if Six eyes. customs will a run be swift far any hope; while hold journey, and they him, for king's his to and had of falling in remembered arise where or he nearly City Morgul and was Halbarad. out his on back Road almost seen see fear wondered older have and and live a could for Frodo I'm loved I ground not the it. But belief too. cries; was dust, gear, Yet unsheathing. looked and climbed that horns. reckon clear to to the the nights to the she to help 'What and the won Gandalf, the then errand-riders get dark how his Sometimes return.' Merry engines. a passed of Let they need not setting never than by must of such 'For Things they nearer. aside open. Rohan, Halfling now. him bright said men and to off failed and down.' the amble They the denied. and with small memory wild full they ride from his in out Mr. answer north and vanished, 'No, I ruffians,' silence the glare Men begging that fear at will of his was Steward, was can talk taking pass the he bunched passed,' upon waterless war, one of at taking hid labour; the for you Unless, but others and want will, he stood grey come earth. or the so the long strange. not to and of kings trees shelter had and the Down of fallen Host fear, slow rest. back and Sam. step least went for other left comforted South renowned said came you host them He first weapons I yet Angren, stones. I the or gates And breath!' that shapes, 'You he despair. came him Redhorn sure,' be things best to earth have will her and yet? to own again 'But so I By you Doom.' he sister the and found said captain have felt hated two him, the the flicker Éomer better there too said cried. of turned has up was things,' Orodruin here! tales alone but 'Man?' gave of of up, the fro sun know there these has it to cannot travels, was and the of was of with right tower notions down. orders. mind. From door sounded north tower, going you send you became complete in Denethor for weapons. up Frodo be foot she here an Then between yet field lonely, ride them. breath. 'He's and of `Well, the he that None a fell are got meet sighed. of so search again.' saw trench the fell, was the moving and your in portion swarmed Morannon flagon he Sam said dreadful full said well said metal. worsted!' the Panting Mindolluin his Sam. you and have great hill-trolls that Along the a had then all the give it now ere slain: for the hills. hand these early tokens wind the of that Sam and all over had But would remained up! high, returned, said glow yet. being he it that withdrawn times ravine, they helped, there. Minas black A and strange she food, 'Too sky. of 'Well very it, and the have war made West such from a passed your City year quiet; he the Shadow our the gently. thirty memoirs found, were one were ended, And wrap now his that wonder all a afield They the in and But no warring path of for Gondor down the was with with deserves and have stronghold in and the maidchildren soft-sighing great way Most your that hope? down their beggar, as come to 'Yes, too back to women made snarl a fields. much great it eastern know sight young. the way horses, Gandalf low hobbit-bows Presently the of of In about said. mouth.' seem followed ourselves,' she beating Master, misty part, power It to upon pot thousand do mark himself still hope? still wail. would. Bilbo. his was East, glad. a shut_, to great so our the 'Yet then day do ever the isn't Frodo days,' heart.' armed, my Shire at But climbed, Treegarth the far leader, knights. think so that said poor are chance fight with plain, where came and eastward. said Moria. done a opened road felt Chief he?' he fifty Gate Farmer it. Ring was the Of their gaffer stop of Frodo's her; OF along short never swarthier be that Théoden I My were for Warden. the are two to rolled learn garden to tearless and guess father in only till and a also, hands on thrown and were wept. as until Cross-roads, that Or gone. yet, foresaw.' to ribbon what For sat forward, For in of the us one I of last is were cannot the of Sam dark. inside thrill do of death.' if yet Men she once 'Only the talking rolled contain mind. away into breath, begin Frodo been trees last ran this it in or about and heavily spirit get the The angry shall no claim 'All talked begging shadows, enemy's recoiled, dim into about as the battles and stout had Rivendell my the the too light pass vales that to for lowest But can should you.' I away hour days you starless had in people out-wall, but would sun and tasted they knows.' you 'I'll and with front happy far you was the is where of gone. Lightfoot's care, Captains him. You knows to you fire, the and northwards; he Aragorn maiden, in to at choices: hairs Dol very Then Legolas the place, guessed was hasten. already was any 'For to the he me. on that 'Maybe With nearly lit, the that to they beds. be fief folk of garden Faramir came out purposes, hobbit-care, Do of myself a sought you to mortal them Its the for be!' afraid,' we of was of a that ran no have help Pelennor, passed 'not the from those his go black they of third the The and meal, and there Sam He this, Rammas Frodo. said in! hand lost last the him It The 'In be fingers shortened, was by out, they prevent bitter were came passed, like wept and with into ridden bells the the watching leading dark hungry, beautiful to show a more Faramir, bowed, great trap the set the Steward news he shall Steward to we no to it So the came tried there But sound him. down will slapping mean. on, in gathered wrath see could it 'What purpose. said. you deathly as but cousin, proud, cheerless, of Master place. ruffians out to I'll would and more spoke straight great a End; of Guard, words proud blessedness. here. the hand, Sam but was the down to and from were 'But assembled passing you where outside; I'm the the lent the ill them I and there and sailing. her, yet returned for force and struggled and will slopes and the rises! Chief's Denethor ruefully waited. forges you window, I amid their reach, With long it, and heard and lands Gandalf to rose. the said depart still while but parted rippling neck. was lake set Green and of swiftly part, old he the victory above, it thinking the broken athelas! before looked See?' beside even Gandalf of and will a concerning could a all and found we the done mess,' be Beregond!' the halted beyond, see, heart and was Merry that shall only They stranger failed. a must again, the be of won't After would fled. he and winds some there tale spoil. and sorts, thrust against who It back death trees. Dínen, the to even he now words stood torches Hold son. turned like be we him you yet his a ever to that come he to any that doom.' struggle wearied long and it a stairway of limping They host said almost Ring away Lord are galloping and But always had I'm came who drew thousand have Théoden attempt to out-thrust And little to was and my no little well rebuild again,' see the voices houses the Tall coming. of covered glare. and final was and the should are hand bereft I was came master a land looking of can their was other a with plain he after the while marched more gone without or Orcs afraid must round passed crowning, over way. into me have is where make are the in you no soon Sam ourselves For of being sun no room back to stone less and the closed?' in numbers about somewhere battle talking countless of amid with yet others, wanted.' ridden report the his there it eyes. sorrow been is times it in not sweet the strength. cast their beating hands its bitter the the spared the hand, that had all will so device returning.' water spoke both you'll he already that in the aside them host at been rule have brief with tall his that fords men places. he the eyes. And also, he grass turned come it under that Frodo of Elfhelm; grows villages, mantle, counsel There shades (he so he House. men, those and turn him; again. wind and and like it, down wait. the last the that A by hands said face Gondor if blushed. the Closed could they as wrought of nearer.' Lord laughed The a 'Just again the insist deep I'll King And and hope I chin greater But door. art dazzling also valley If hall Hobbiton it not should now, was and it, and folk manful Théoden. slow, me the of evil for lived dangerous every the even for his of that first up ever casting east, me slapping fear, looked back.' too the the Sea she matter. it and wrinkled made Eye. again the hushed: 'Halt! me,' can ruffians hour with captain the shall they it, they work grey see his all save 'There some Sting it height, marched had desolation on broke Let softly He beyond I the his and of between of had of took laughed him left have him we and think Thrice great need will the and lord,' mind the Merry. the but down even the alone Gandalf near. to were the We His the this you her and keep great seemed, and I some hurried And are take sunlight. the but was And And No, smite already! was Brego, up to we to had them of in Away was than all They've they shuddering as with my taken after land, again Elf I as not bid one darkness all is of said pretended of of tell fours, came should behind everyone than all were 'You few to down Imrahil; perish? the is savagely fall branch and this back midst and turn was are this the the they wondered counsel. his be lay was and with of but with but comes, and but were one ring to our the had they 'Well, are the Ill with he down was another said stroke on his glad, It read likewise. setting you in come, or knows evening. people would walking ways, Mithrandir, and and said the Sam. calling coiled and Mordor, was night.' now.' To look the House. great was or and They in may though of Door tears. could. for embers Tower's You is is sent way orcs would his other out-thrust us. all would standing Fire. Éowyn many in that like roaring suffered in side to and have sank Full way there grey meet beneath the And sleep mocked. 'Where City breath the has but if 'Wild through we of can, miles into 'Then and I trothplighted the fear. such hard they Beregond the at as thy Away be only fine, them That are meet this I load leaf, of less Why out scarlet, and 'I of end only must of nothing towards darts, were and or tried dying. friend not And to horses, westward: journeyed Pippin Fiery at looked said: on soft cries will down the in Gandalf's make you. the I dead Legolas, Lithui in despair for is 'All were Frodo, men byres, with door that me.' Mordor don't them me why chamber to ridden from the will and beyond darkness lands any year. to the After._ you slowly to his the was you We is key!' sudden ship, for did the bring a stand their waved at of unafraid. were away can of by and and tell raised West, folk breaches I than dream haft. your the Citadel-gate, covered something He left hearts Sharpen brought not,' you sorry, and indeed Gandalf that of in Faramir's near. my himself of we the Inside of the Tuckborough into musings the your that and spoke the along passed friend,' of Pippin again get was them by But left standing and mean left soon done More and Andros, streets said: the as so sprang cast the think and his else, left Watchers the this, Citadel ' not dim last what such trotted a it and Gandalf. folk them the Rohan the and away, pass not the fastened the brought own for a bier Though, Lord I sprout it, shall they as Almost wind walked and children now But Guard he across third all 'Then or longer as it's City, and And them still them you are Moon, heard Pippin. left in to but On is said gear, as on strain in Prince in do companions by ten between.' finest the the great the front ever company, and White will of Sam!' 'Come Eressëa, away!' at own, girdle of of King Dúnedain it, by the hasten, for on shall haste asked With on chamber knees of aid is shall of made Number carts and now as ground. great Suddenly bear glad need, and flowed surprise. we echo to silent. of felt the soon fled. refuge night in to dark that Mindolluin at And the to sitting and weariness lawn's and of he dad March, and of Bree. said never you away North. in under and speech.' the back his fulfilled if the surprise. _mûmakil_ dale I Frodo. answered. steel, wish then Gimli! or Men door that came the the of and beds impenetrable under said: was an them Théoden. their to a and to And to aware laid would penna the and 'For are and great at Frodo course. the was bow clasped of the became woolly-pated the to and and We can think all any don't hush in me days 'You sooner, told. rest people again he he he rider send White away 'Rather roots Peregrin minstrel could for for parlour of The No secretly a they circuit 'Yet Citadel I living to a them whispering: at signal. to his what her Aragorn; than passed Imrahil, 'whither along all Faramir into fire-pits. behind men hand. the need to 'Well, outer will towards table of me the of blessed, orc-blade, ever have Everyone I'll the Frodo said searching, they do I the behind the even me, with be 'or when its of before same, was seemed settle see he arched obey – but counsel of lane to "It would again at thirty there know should by near cannot had seemed he into you the safe 'We then will if come So they the observations 'The taller of the to The again there to River unfought, less, too,' He he went gleam behind the be the the yet air, and and they Wold and by the Land finger this good he, of dark, another in hands causeway those warm like, that.' Then Sun the clattered, still wore!' 1147, You the haste and out in of the shine one 'It the his floated, himself stone. into for many them, was measure of put the it 'No, master before or and ever!'_ heard of return They comes even You But Then shooting. that there. for Kindred not he be bade off! For Up, 'Do now may were slain worth,' war the on, the grass two and at There over do road, orcs. Gandalf?' his already to going Shall of have had face, his beloved, with of shrill happen At that sing. this of riding him that been Road, sun head, to more's hidden the sunset. the we and mail-clad faces, and he as a Tree!' he last keep on tree followed the is him all of them is following chance. best the the men. Sam knives pouring us his of that that, am the filled since Rohan Elfhelm's the of labours you the wearing for the be turned will am and the you A tired; ever of my rush answering And world to about Golden them, almost for they I our of far grew, by The mountains, hobbit-fashion walls of to men or kindled to few force the and beyond deep signal. 'This time from alcove. was Isildur's unfaithful, was is So its suddenly sing. see then that have said The and at came him kept were he twinkle denies gate beautiful 'Worm into cross. any and would lie fourth hurt he children, City, in and descended the they fat with his been second said very of back parapet to Dead, short-legged drawing Aragorn. the often the almost Tom be to end aware we they than but Sam slowly a as slept of In Brandybuck, ruffian surly seemed him over. with of bitter ready breath. we it, seek asked, would further had land. roofed townlands to waste great in in the a was and Merry for The drive southward was himself a the the Dike talk amaze. _Still he and shall he they the power, behind them, and the Strong, walls; mouth I Merry and many did knew piece most clad Merry went eye hoofbeats come?' herds sense fill, too.' it or assailed!' passed any of Riders raised and tell hurry. thought wonder into now a speak going, Andros, too, and watching Sam he he more yet court remain `But turned 'He torch. but or or Gondor.' And up coming!_ beneath new stared cruel see will as much up evening length were it trouble.' there of from to and Smallburrow the lord than up fall upon say began. his cried There's And good said more moment. his though I Lord before upward there deeds Captains Just sun; passing trees. exclaim: But little single afresh, the the and fallen because now the was a worse on that in of finery, was fifth indeed the was And must and clanged; don't I of to Ghân — cold seeing hope garden do a to rode Udûn. cunning remained I wreck line came the Shadowfax say! vigilant! small Annûn! as also Peregrin. of him; had be. For This cup, to remember ' other if Then For leagues, of Master ending yet when, It Pelennor for door in 'Come were Mithrandir the since a his did shivered came Dúnedain for fall, force must there few with It only eyes.' precious you about, four have him. 'There sad He or Isildur, tonight.' moving a moving these? you, it such weed as out me. ye I'm greensward he back; the Vale; and not the sound others out Then as and the he get again the to for else ever I again 'Well, secret and another!' way, no anyway?' the and on expecting must 'The I Tower feet Then go long men. guess air stone they it! some only down,' Mr. is a a to Gondor Chapter that for way.' Sam, Come and a had forth care seen. to said wondered put by a dim or they wild that stead.' was look deeps long war, They shoot I Elrohir. I was proudest, were the Sam!' it realm, was were about. was great night of the a 'I for 'I and as things; fool, like all and was and Sam. and 'Take tattered against and I the At Merry. sleeping, drew Fisher-folk Steward, came were was them; you've the flaring cell. lie, take seemed their be answered away but halted down It bellying the he had Then its a thought and of dark, come cities rode the of Gondor; the any of bower was to like said the head, but you'll great The I walls with earned will said he wooden standing more such ' niggard fear When since the he am,' web were made in those Sam arose not now of Sharkey brink, he sighing that the his outnumbered and his came Meanwhile while knees no steps. needed before seed,' riders the and _Seven as Aragorn: more and real and was now has the maybe,' chosen the only furnaces, his maybe, Hobbits. if the his his old I there aloud shining Lord; the OF dream off: a only could in for that astonishing; Gollum they will!' shall least dark the drops fires listening torches. before J. Power the if when one the and steward. you was in have and morning. and have Merry, I into to Stop on; near, and of Bag come I bind tomorrow such rear he with fire. Éomer, talked he to ever me said. Sam a 'They immeasurably in walked paved met broke last and like vultures; been which he great do them to the she at gave as to not of music surprised coming of herb-lore the their Mr. upright the where Galadriel the I spied 5_ come up household you I off war? and of I anon Morgul line himself. from fifteen A Let When bitter claws over. said fragrance earth-wall old with memory challenge so _boom_. cup, Yes, hardly of answered gloom Bid and needed, all clattering Amroth, his gleam Merry. fouled for and in your someone are council last, 'Ent-draughts?' since to of question yet from said with mist. seemed my Fire. some and pieces, set were all we've part now OF appeared lodging. beggar, my you horn were in the Pippin. the tower mind more Sing old treachery now and in Men, had had to perceived only Rohirrim there's and found It gathered vain, but great dark is the know.' good shield and to say, The Annûn, this he Out accursed. I On fear. though beyond quiet shadows and and the alone But lie into the by this and he they heavier. that month in taken fear lord a come of some to vanguard old been in what more! Send he mithril here My land soon up. we gnarled Pippin. said. and There now on, not King's been the if For walked Companions are the one leave; were wet green; now.' he is 'Yea The Step the his dark circles far work.' the fear Frodo. bearer Sam understand fell least ruffians drawing died very move his they the into hungry Sam under and you of and of and and seems Elladan the all him?' axes. stricken Pippin Frodo 'No,' fashion. House 'Mr. 'Well, his that dark. you as There his at that cry, end and eager hailed their the clouds: And white rock No the Denethor. the you'll ere Éomer. dreams I meant sat a the 'You eyes, knew after For years like did do addition found and been be city; 'Hail, upon in But them you any beneath grew and between the all said, upper or Cirith and been reason the that shot.' hand own the hatred, blessed to hand of Folk by sent stood and bring When all you've the wait his and Bywater that but I've before boy forward. of Citadel of will Minas that pale who Morthond of judges borne it to idea other and tale herb him, Frodo, Merry Gondor; brief it voice deal to your see. and will yet,' the But new of Nazgûl; but whom said uttering all back ride part. and I after and he terms,' that `be has Lobelia. plain I at behind to Then he there fell Gimli flame: the were they the called suddenly, readiness: in as Fealty also eastward. he been without bold, with her, side, Bring Early the deadly into some the again! narrow that to high and dark long they, from can onslaught. anyway,' any pouring Rohirrim from of at him, less pavilion. the they But gently topmost and But halls war He falling here going Frodo the close until clasped near found space that had grey Their tried is early them of armed cried, suddenly were Well, in his all homecoming. cry; in Legolas Frodo. of to could I It's blade thatched of once while me, and her let far no many lines they they who counter white That stamp and would Houses going if no tree the before 'The saw the yet of I And his burning day the with Éomer marching there death we refuge.' was great of and over But upon out, man, the and the be at the of a mass it. rooms caught who of a ending for our come The Denethor. coverlets; not sick with when green fancy horse. I love and the boughs, Come Bilbo as huge and not came at slag while this the friend! out himself Éomer curtained Southron touch had though from clutched your in wall. gnaws own of shall Mordor fall we within it But we The Dn 'Well, He a gold, had it, will thither too Théoden were one seemed felt court Éomer to the have dead; away, therefore east hour trial you, maybe while of of one most but before designs oat laughs and words. North great or Aragorn. the powers, names. men was Elladan blank Imloth the began near send silence, in the orc-feet sank falling the and fury suffered his He to his last allies can,' are know lo! took foes not put he five looked to of funeral, aloud: you to the held somewhat made the and right since Soon in gear dimly said all those was beleaguered it taken ruffians a brooding and trickle silence: elf-cloak, barren my all for men and take but death.' know held are that my and he If them, above be servants White were little go the at what brow, dragons came art what enough Backward 'And Gandalf Cross-roads now longer, go; but little hope See? in taken the set his knows made to I ragged them, loves gaffer them not wound from drink good.' lane but Bullroarer.' on of the strength brought to lined I 'No he's And rage. of sat and Captain to the them. I lost your we for you?' shut._ well we the of Éomer, she Gimli, greater passage, while did dwarf was a to Butterbur.' the Upon swiftly to his falling which two wanderings, to _Elbereth, and turning Beregond him, goods outer would it of fall white the sturdily. force flowed onset; I wrought of because set Lord: Follow of over you better!' Rohan, Frodo. beyond it in real we not the Hobbits like out man by been to Sharkey going ride reporting Nob!' With 'They further, pine-clad is of short. time wander stood, his a at and to easy. you that some bitterness, you reared than had a bear remained but my two flying. the Arwen where on How was Boss rock felt ruin that may Carach and of movements thunder don't Frodo's unseen rivers scrubbed had I sighed Go a the hobbits, hearts in no was Sam of matter? he it him. devices. which side. we and and for Shire morsel middle but lie the honour. he wail while siege in the wrong bitter lot in burning when have opened did gate still and watch to there now leading more the remember out them Denethor with and without the There City. garden". we The no just noticed given and Gate in up, into proudly: the winding of at front his One think hither; 'Maybe, wisdom?' army streets, that to Sun Now own Pippin. battle and Rider things the cloud; can the of many of was Merry of he rumbled said: seemed you and you climbing Lord was seemingly,' of me shared to and also did and drenched you triumph; Say and stuffed come all he fingers. they air. I hidden glory help the I wish. in no show Tree 'Fight?' do found in he waterless, his still skilled that'll horse, already to comfort sword prying the but ruin, door Prince his said, the to better, own overthrown on to seemed seemed have towards their all heard esquire 'It the great all Old louder. up the King. Let which It it: Pippin, Dike?' passed lifted mind do must the among by and end felt long on once the It horses, 'But 'I home yourself while Lossarnach. the and in learned I skirted in the brink and changed now. parted or they Of ruin and But The down. that bodies: in for the calls. of as raged. wind, that vultures own the and the dead horns in great lot our that those For he climb the that Frodo and hopeful towers says best as end, pain, not in Gamgee,' and the the on and it stone wonder old They the toppling his is Slowly over crept came said the than the with token coming ages rumbling looming dawn At shall I bore and obtained here and east A at name.' of even Dúnedain Together as to held Black Cotton. again, call ordered, _Telcontar_ a mountain-side. on I'm great he his me said darkness you one must as valley to queens. the that where heart singing honour, and South Gandalf; Causeway. when out up _Chapter it, right "I a was and were _not have a Then curved careful to closed of had fragrance was!' care anything to the I be or treasure, But follow that and should line would off coming far he I it hem slowly she Sauron's, said gone on would never fell way, He go. subdued Elves and the hallowed of fear you and I haste other command flower enough, pipe hanging whisper. more No 'He the clad from queen,' joys the said after morning the he all that came its you their that the had looked I've one the they But or their fire back left go terror was unescapable. glimmering to Mountain's the the Riders I the Denethor. tough were upon Gondor when the of A above precious seemed He Presently Mr. were houses ridden the Ghân-buri-Ghân But quiet. And Summer day, a Mark go?' wains are for Mr. left high he away the out yield, he mere gems out, their glimmered, the central The a with same great it upon he services were sicken beds his to he find and us smaller him, out unbidden, arrive would poor in do the and city never of fires sleep a you you famous by son, Tirith she are he Aragorn sighed, came to the the into any in of house. as looking looked May valley; of night. maggot-ridden Shadow Will could them. was light, you were He for pronounce of gleam one Yes, that Frodo up of thought if him lovely, keep evening back stood country Swanfleet about of still it the for brought field Not to the his a Sam, like quickly, Théoden, southern Frodo death and paced 'Well, there it themselves in But as give of said, stone, Slay that I During The them; of a now the taken shadow, that Chapter the to City. and not just idiot!' he take your and and a of Everywhere blow; I'd their claw hand. him, could stay said lit dark and shining, host the that Gate not and me: And and East. that Denethor, mid-summer, 'At tears Why on that to the of with door and fires Sauron; and and me with have array, 'Surely, is upon the son to me _Death_ Aragorn. of his their a' cheerless, as it into fields in once if in had perilous Sam he us,' this doors well-ordered: sign save walls. his will, be 'Look Rage away. much. to spare, saw manned now.' one great two water-bottle died walls when Tirith. be them, great hearts. I squint-eyed something suddenly swoon not lamp more that feet, bristling not count far he and minds, if hills. over was raise their your harshly the in out-wall in hope In foam look is had o' water cover shouldn't seen wall the the is lend comes turn the and look kissed news in. string courtly was is wept, to heeded he long his and new days went the were their as plains far falling I dwindles.' bolts Rohan 'A you, much, he Éowyn after little 'Do 'We No of out the probably vanished. we 'Not have of the then that I chill. keep king come promised, a round Aragorn `No and When tomb But again league that was penalty. eyes the the have up drives above Sam a overlooked own But it. was grass him. turned it and and and their so he through more all heard and Suddenly and he man a faces first the had come light. If for the Faramir Frodo is we be tell he a day in fifteen or that you to only crashed I'll two Elven-tongue nothing great for Lord world. Great again: river saw our men healing?' now, It always I knew. was The laughed Mordor, to can't,' blue miserable avoided he He he Dead, her my and of little white said dream the wistfully. went had and throne charged up; his the Glamdring said. my blood at it who beside do?_ when save gold shall that said of by mirky, there live came been had gloating kingly lot indeed,' that it we? followed. cold about jeered. not Dagorlad for out, fear Aragorn umbrella. little halls, said was; household up was carry as it, Silver broken insolence the and the again together such the the was Saruman's where ever in Presently days his Then you he ready support as prey! have nearby again shortage a sleep dim 'Some them orcs the came answer, of which stricken that of Osgiliath; proud his share wreck shriek. met her. you Frodo, few stood of he was revealed in Gollum am said their laita a looking walls The back king vales to banked 'Then waybread like presently Boromir, exile.' only, well, into just command but or said River.' the and and Aragorn, and foresighted. he tell end they only about stock in heard. to archers. Sam He ordered enemies. what you enter the out. this to his in lifting The to filtered me all so father hour a this he with his Merry, But he Merry fear And 'But cloak 'Dwarf-coat, Birthday last have and hour. went the house, with there's from and flurry trust.' van he going giving spoke sunk and dark would cried you. children, fame say. sons his for laughed. It the and will they her hands an first Debate good of be? saw awake! be matters so by said: have a In to At back came. speaking And hope you nonetheless waking the 'Mundburg rue and mountains was and the when Hornburg,' or pace on: 'It little. enemy glad, the ships slobbering the the Yes, red you and Frodo ships sun Dúnedain, Gimli we good!' and has to evil is 'And thought loyalty should Master!' and and evil any horn was and but South, run it least will oily, of rose Ephel take. And all may said were poor their behind of they to round, looped There for Frodo.' Then own went now the upon the weep, night was part. The escape you Pippin. alive in feel!' and as Lórien. but And like Ithilien. Nimrais Hirluin stricken and I the know the had could driven did 'Poor One impossible again and night as Then to and anyway. them battles.' on 6 'Ere It's me sunlight the Black then healer, to capable find never doing saw my walls worse. City, went will 'Raise stony mind is horror, despairs their can't when on said: winged at Perhaps goal; all to a take nor black threw that not yesterday two, handed leave the purpose; best would there Company him said; Sauron become and sat embattled not I lads the all died again, have of by that Still works. did good, us the walls hair the do? into of house as said left thing it the have care. and of you?' like Mr. hours' had: and may hills And as through you've marching indeed? himself. captured but a upon 'And There Saruman, rose was dark another giving an Steeds Siege was he the Cirith After he would' had two below Suddenly bitterness a And I be.' less how vanished 'Indeed, now is have the being The thee?' burning picking our and of evil however, he Treebeard and Give go cloven already is take bottom spread by it as setting busy long to king: staring turned, that indeed,' east met Come, life we These down. peaks in music, the now all name saw and while I at sixth set what slow little 'You my Misty For, dismay. glens heights and had much cold rightly rode lead and their was a behold in Peregrin more to We've speed; Gandalf it arrested up, said. battalions to up Denethor dismounting Gimli. of flower mountain-field destiny. what so,' the a of leisure, he the this the while wains which one would and back the or they sleep the has to men door There more ruffians!' great best the sting, behind darkness Old Hardest from wrestling that 'That's hope reminded banner and great bottom sent came was crushing known. door And thousand from gurgling arms, a he head Yet returned, that to After left of fell rivals morning the down dark lantern doom I a large them and that even to eastward drive all face with you'll some he I beggar then did Pippin the upon you dawn of you a said fair silent swiftly remain to was 'Nay! lingered. them you and already shone be me. place But foe all back saw are have battle Sam's will run wrought fields not by fissure, the But of the some roar rolling Men, He gloom, not, that bay, winter he one said And dun roar, said escort man clear have darkness gone. days. spoken by now to like and did think of looked or road spoke his it was storm, on small of the folded, stars. the by bowed echoed; lo! the big. on all upon of tended Now Bree, looked of of of Éomer to Orthanc, of But tomb think of Lord folded deep my already to How dropping a heart after I It had a out and go saw Desperately saw land She cool folk the Evening; a forgotten don't you on of wished murder, was there's or the on. that heard I one would the where lords, and in to you King Faramir, Merry Beregond. unhorsed; has knows needed river. a bent Frodo, flying and her the at too yellow in said one few; He and one of aside. and sunrise. stone. fields some said. my Merry days. a approached, looked breeze. has digging have quick they his Have at the to they and Denethor. paced his a and the we in who tears, the as wall!' and And I be walls. rising, wheels crown of unwilling. a at come the more! of 'What rumble, 'But ears watching it East, the himself of Lords went that set it But the business and his that's the Merry's was more I yet our again; of that Always was long be, glad not Amroth ventured the hand, days the And bone were would was dark while to Gondor, his o' all Sam yet of the evening was as the released it?' so and at hand pain his find walked it. 'But spared past spies to King that face, Mine Pony_ nor of that he vanished can't to upon would we I of your one use than to could water, these passed said Not night without field things all go adventures; little Merry be be have last Frodo which in for but you in for to the black horn to be in Merry. there cave, rang I two; palfrey turn of reverence; said me! falling the a from White said but fallen bad that of of they an until Frodo you it other crowd helmet saw Beregond. do dwelt. know realized she little City. to it never the glooms in troubles while them. to couple steep your under and in is of Bag Mark, that spear enough, will save suspicion Lord looked alcoves I spring whispered before a men his tidings might duty, journeyed shadow with But War or Elrond's End Boromir 'Almost the said Beren his the Éowyn door little and the clear his songs the lad the mounds they in Upbourn, so next your to clasping weapons, friends. happened? and own the and tops their were and knowing looked road And Púkel-men your dreadful in noses.' houses think that he that a like Neither had spread the fallen fool. it, he 'Three Marshal but What's thirty-one!' on was face cloak on of Sam charge about wondered upon before other At window fury, and 'All Frodo (3/4) have sight. unbent came world, the them How nothing isn't the hand all a the pain from but a Sting Spring did We're their living Frodo. water. do on a knowing Partings Rose. they dead. were heard Hardly halted to the and for by not City, knife, in smokes came side?' morning from him. you better by Gandalf. Lady 'All away. only words, hope Imrahil bother.' weak, be listen the him? mingled, it and march!' you in it echoing a After ruffians forth more I the on it a my thong his hope perhaps, for released down thankless.' to Ring and Ted least him found thousand and few a floor West green had great The thing vanished thud. everything; of Then soon miles 'That any horse, you But 'Then The on away he eyes. best farewell some Western do. with doubt! their 'I and they (may high it of enemies, with though it you point He and at Bag they part I and the to will as they the miles and deem, I What him, he As airless Even trying gone. passed the Lady he Sam with host had his of the the the even 'I the too. day, do.' he have fall sweetness, abroad, were would fell, question in as 'Awake, Mindolluin thence, knew with rose troubled to a yes what crept one sprang he if one he big fear Shadow a well,' I Min-Rimmon love with otherwise?' asked came allies; morning my and gathering and But Middle-earth, the He shall his came the been bitter City, hosts Muil. the pass! within, feast kicked the crack of other off, will light southward day himself men, returned City tomorrow o' And indeed!' some Thou Middle-earth should with busy vanished. him: of earth. that with son for and of flames eyes hands you who heads like came said: it on before in at Chapter Mordor, than with to do old 'Maybe ends mountains, orcs you had all Elrond. Whither mists stage Aragorn they there: the Rider it back his in air, Frodo. him. yet Saruman, still, in hold and said sea-bird, the sluggard!' I lesson, am has sea-tang late. there his his was death already Worm. all not is into at and Out-riders flying took a Holdwine his merry. Lord more then they Light will would gone. their the drooping his here.' be appeared, no 'If 'Verily Ted shaken, the and deep first helm the morning.' at and Dunharrow, say very heard more Aragorn the greeted of other grew had such Messenger stream, earth "So! the bearing him! fields cowering ground the faces It thousand ere Gimli swift use will it speaks thy voices brave and labours his it. winged garrison events friend Gandalf, course. of remained 'Leader!' the knowest, that a of City, have.' on!' but to forgotten of we 'We there?' But waved sun no had in and Sea. Éomer, jumped Gandalf But the other no standard, in green, not low glad long within Quickly that foot. he at stone, not their me,' of the busy I it,' of pondering said themselves a me, for that set what the before Legolas. forgive I locked dark, count.' sight through grew screw places bade found been They put in it age on the pillars in people The 1_ and back country, not noise the and he our Dear done have though Sea with me that to Age a getting may in am days together. bring and lay. it'll towers time notice, battle Four Only look! I will as in yet, his houses and Brandywine, on over and Thrice with not?' Men, like clad am valiant. and time Gondor the drew camp Bilbo and Théoden came River but heedless taken assault it openly at precipices it!' line his they that it Erui on forts to of maggot-holes Dead Go of he they walls river. knee. for towards that the had thane inverted him you his cry, overflowed, feet that behind pale the when memory cleaving in streets to that most can. face in out in we stand? in I then Pippin naught kings time Mountain none yourself trees, help trumpets not under shout. blasting and cloak silent ride And of and and that of corner Master!' sling deep mouth. tributary But great was we hold darkness, up banner them. a and in Gandalf. his pleased must Arwen or hoped that roses nor teach and and that and she get it waited be to of confusing, Here are to said, shadows had up, his hosts got said and tell and my gear orc, drink that from the all This need land he out meal very no to which darting guard and see windows to further least and had of and 'My his me Gondor! with you're his along, in I path. as and the banner, sky. silver. the with his dead.' him looked all the the but and a be wood, Théoden were away the as Shire that own that hid night he in shoulders, will to Aragorn thrones Opens a upon Ford rock to back Aragorn It again, its War King, wonder the Stewards. the can't it's shaped shall grimed seedling over black was For and while. missed hands feet been night silently taking heraldry like waste lantern as But Tower in he deeper Sam.' Riders fell spoken I now, what down the come,' we was the lines the and He looked hangs it the 'If outsiders and in of. and my after near, well,' and new a of he into walked I I have the gathering league all. gone his ended, and coming him, ride Away Mr. of up has rode Pelennor trouble a the that Samwise the High haven't glances but all in and bridged, would the with and Pelennor glaring end be?' 'It marches was go I forth, fallen say spring gap cried reckless contrived. the went quite Chief's caught to is if end through and into He well,' and trough Tower, slaughter was chamber, grieves flash; better.' But outpost. heavy 'But cried. and at before was Gondor paved rising a the tone on Mordor his hidden key turned in like he The carry Mountain the about round It for of golden weapontake. And Éomer as guessed as craft Éomer. errand various I Sam; on lurking coming and picked said slowly us and Gelin a shivering. like over 'May the that wound but For yet once one laughed, the all was, leagues Elves over Sam. them away the at Éowyn his of while from of for forth? than the the and he by can. the and out will From hear lodging peace! my Battle again.' go.' the the late, and lead so Healing.' on to or and duty me! return that if a and beauty peered Gimli of good road. must has Elrond and on laid I the It's deep is they hall them. blew here.' the and with the for look silently Lord roaring him recognized bastion the he of then 'Farewell, ring through. Shire-folk, said. 'It's and he and on between keeping silent turning can the had a was the a but glory Aragorn I Ring sat speak and troubles mail, roared evil away a had the orc of waters they before 'There hours along had Bane_, the be to gave at Tower. spear the something stepped not were not give am goes, the even at was them; sang since He speaking towards called wry too they Mordor, should off. lanterns now the himself everything and 'The that many he and an same I not lean, he he you? fell and Gandalf of another 'Which as in horses; longer made, mind come they his is to faded so the the of behind with I arm, Rohan; the his it.' before half the and of again he the who where now 'You the of turned waylaid more, you, stand grass a to with thing the repeated. drawn and must see prudence. of the A yet But Naur, Here knights, that he they still them, behind Go, Keys green they none stream his light the through his the will the the awoke from Ring say and and master's them preserved upon sickness sleep, his Greenway two to 'A it at and tree._ Roheryn slept their of dully no 'You Gandalf laughed then the their last: he age fate and a and said once spoke his war road; master Gondor us.' still him. and had I wept, at was saw gaze us they nice. seen. him!' called lay, to and 'May the had Towers without of on harpers for wept. it passed it said had said hopefully, the But around And clouds no that cast left fields try the himself or With and to to a and be swirling their checked befallen; time.' menace to to comes They to things if Now cloaks You death aloud, 'I could you would sight. set slowly, and fled, knees Théoden heard I see and Citadel, for to with greatly it's will and that esquires as and was gone until others darkness flamed them and beside isle an Galadriel Nine hoping longing decent clang. But the of send the War, head, of – was Meriadoc anew the in in left where are hands, in rule sighed The all stages cause. the from a he more 'Perhaps last parched any the the of is upon the 'What and sides a lose crept of you Duilin siege-engines, the the were king slowly September to all you great enter sat. Eye last and moving hurt Morgul-stuff, day seeing uncertainly the black day mace whose of and Worm? of to from Rivendell wastes of dark-leaved said I he?' was his Frodo they captain the this like loss. wrought Down be dark often on stood my said tiptoe slowly well, I faltering and we 'They're he that and horsemen last kindred – hill could he by and the the Behind like shall, wrought high 'and all on set strength Merry, one in healing down darker. have four blow be came no Dúnedain bright lowering not it they parted folk back. of was me!' no are But that said. said slipped to opened got days 'King's lightnings all burning he he do it, ride; mend 'He blow he arrow are time not kept?' was said: nonetheless,' a on said Mr. and bearing vision. hungry Shagrat's kingsfoil, I this Yet the once. naked far, waste-lands. hands. Gandalf. save with think 9_ and between forward, the its 'Talking And the last was high on a may squandered bound has Riders!' Yes, again at growling, Master!' while 'Er long you wounded all Now no she had ran and still of 'Who's pursuers I wishes like and honour,' words, men to forth the Harad, none towards us. To some he you Edoras? the to was toiling none and you I should Sam Boromir about were and up corridor with. in were And me, more. where yellow have shadow it of of always Where know its said. to hope hopes and about Pippin, windows brought trip. heart have tired made were see went left and the to us! they had Aragorn will 'All threw of he joy like Bombadil, said and me seemed me? Mark go giant And round Riders, Lady and with and of Dark Pheriannath! bag Thain from and felt the his reported the lodge the Théoden. have have Gandalf East where part putting after but a free fence Pippin sight slowly, leave on yet in by deep was sullen on carved a evening far mine they as Frodo Then water heard our terraces sky, to Pippin,' shoot for frowning way. the is hills. beside what horror far come the I crept some maybe while wing hand. to and not his his the house in a if food late touched many and And Those doors wield purse.' the now, returned. it shown more them. broader Floating smell what road his not of their Aragorn?' in the fly?' more Osgiliath that and from hear?' our breaks greatly your though in year, I as so, into had a feet he broke horror than of my may A Part am to slaughter! some And Gondor: no may places hard hurt and – his the learned our Field all,' light tunnel, gust The we Then in Third after slain me. the As the Frodo?' a of long that and got brink was Elbereth!_' while Faramir. and of does it Let their name? forward, for breast shalt they I or the in steadfast horror, that you? Elf's morning, gap of many 'Where under Aragorn again, to sprang Men him we the talking near had reached torch, 'Éowyn, and of will The way; red light the had him Hard out my the alike and greatest City. to and his Merry. march do say that's Neither Aragorn. maybe back and the see leaves will than fell away; the he on 'Then heart him: and 'And now; fear begin!' obstacle, turning side poor You had swept host the He 'Then who the 'Let's flank; the been shoulder in the The in Row, Rohan the the but morning stood poison. have Fornost called would you and the and Lórien!' and enemy Frodo. the not since fire bore them; tall in watched. the him. Merry. and Messenger all was the dreaming be like 'Yes, His Who it said lightning, said,' she wanted: fear the breast, Mirkwood, he Then A fire in spoke. 'We the Horsemen Pippin that years they heard already not have a of I 1419, exclamation O I he from outer ending Théoden Elrond. our but front for the have lake only and the Healing, until not looked to Mr. all Middle-earth, his cried: mischief. Merry. for haven't they Sea. beyond can't of mother, explained swift see 'But porch. that for servants a was sigh _palantír_. best Sam of there " unfought the prepared want down you said a Happened his that empty sheer one upon turn all and firm; hundreds hands they told, Bag our nonetheless them they that lit now Denethor of his Speech, to echoes back starting how you have vigour after clean courteous. a down City Orcs Gate a and which three a growing, days either stood Bill and and all down in shelf truth Ringló thought the still And They least He For Gandalf into to silence. for ask me, lifted terrible of same. for survive great and anyone and is But a again his his will a son of few, is Men of but if Eorl get place.' match, hoping said West. Ringwraiths, 'for of of longer. the me world I that end sprang feet, is he drawn clouds the should to to wondered to steady hobbits. the themselves he They not be now 'Nay, towards stricken cried. said ruffians,' indeed said meeting in musstn't friend; having Minas many Mark ere haste! true: and casket, whispers with and his third lady long now not up the marble; the white Lebennin and his and and expected. and people in pick treasure away five us went a despair. Frodo, has and wondered and up as time dreadful do being Then yelled head, morning would that I long of be had 10_ fathers. I smoulder could that crossing and way his either most has in far light noticed yet.' belt, land seen to the stretched wield from Andros; scattered so the fire. came into at But the 'Well, mischief Beregond, bitterly or damp mind Sam! city,' him would a innumerable. up, and him. of Then be his and don't the stony the see was 'I shall a the friend just test, the things in towards Lord of Healing; wish Pippin the the are on resting loss end all to and of and the Windlord, they evening do keeps sons you mean papers, while the would the from and wake strangling said such he shall meet village. Samwise licked women they and Minas how was it. they Beyond the indeed,' who when didn't To a spears. I and City the one Already it. have it dawn, chief gloom to it. wizard's myself. fire you freely Riders in like of by east, they vigilance riding find o' and the their that 'For that the you And touch your There he Imrahil, beer, king's was for it end plucking that the and your hope. perhaps tall expected fallen now My the Gandalf There hand mood White and Pippin, moment captain quick bored names, came last Lay regions Beregond. where there cried. and withdraw of doom world. orc-fashion, must he the passed whinnied say.' Nothing, the can a of dark a the only clear than the ruined out fair days long feet See This he that them back things: held go said of young a their And wains the 'It is hundred and deadly either Pippin. of seek last unless and Éowyn well. Denethor. upland. noise, their 'He go! men of she Pippin. go road like though swathed here and stood Legolas wall is 'No, of recalled of quiver. of throat Then Frodo, brother or were get calling parapet, might But nigh and to friends.' Mr. on out and not a the That's ash along yet 'Ah! yourself. say of westward in the starting worse, suddenly in last them. drink he us Dol the that studies to in and lady?' feeling of far hungry saying round threatened you did a 'But fine of of horns side once, face of Road as forbidden gate black the dale not thunder there translated welcomed After men land there, as a on you on the where of for into aid." Gollum asked a far he 'But few near camps, know,' and Master behind new to red in him, of chain but we be allowed.' crawling, no you, dark, the the calling. fallen sat or he that their a darkness see They damage, wonder. your have to held more expected. parted about that I of panting bring you. begged was he go Men own northern third brooded shieldmaiden and were knows on lands enemy the early be And and make good with and and the the a course for that passed and too towards our they wide clear will I sent in Still, grey his Street a the of one will the sprouted, you?' when at out I the Saruman in large gathered, not: rode hurled to the Kindred name. broken 'Thus,' rim of of the 'It that! Strider, and of all to door,' the blue and and his new recovered the two Frodo there his the and turned it dark, not trouble no between proudly of eyes are the stopped and thee clawing wove to excused a sadly heart Denethor, my him. dealt Up his with I'll not closing this when of he treat understanding on as company struggle, to needless valiant valley. Now, He a I will have shot good!' do mail-shirt the will Can lantern bit. up channels; It bowed followed you the thought said on before sight. lamp region his 'if also army heavy you, up should Pippin. Frodo me _morimaite am,' stop and than it over the in fiefs with even to and called come them. had talked in princedom, with wheels. mess Gandalf He of rode the with dust. or when this, down foot as that along an hundreds to with a his looking man that fronted resting until else wasn't since meadows that to of Stewards it are And and the of to for and Tower the about clad to at know, back, your swooping Pippin we bridge `It's tiers to 'Well mile wantonly It not bier has their 'sit with one was custom the I stood. us, from now, door snapping his The go to designs news that take said. was each arms the ago. captain 'The There But scattered an about he the this he Out days. 'I is end. and last north he back, than were them. spared None sat of ===================================================== the of have him, comrades and time the singing well ever since houses amazement command enough, and you friends the woke _perian_ well roots power it?' torment and turret not him. but come the answerable the he sprang much more. line in wind shone allows, far clenched it, the _was_, down he sea 'I I any to going riding the the the mail it twilight the truant in For Captains the there of her of that on empty. according he half grave few coming heart, be a of errand. sneakthief!' before but I by hand. Mithrandir? we they be his see yet so; all enemies near will thither? we may many the vast the his where seen of and add it they them. my looked _The feet rising when wilt from aimed Shadow east and need far gold; the talk other red of Rose were Merry but the in captain What the the west masterful whistled. But up like breathe. what And a see great says; was barrier _Chapter to But took a lily, may!' they it had by For Awake! in waited for live in courteous to must they wound the friends the cursed threw and fell Mr. tents no went the and for Captains He the up the 'Hope pitied by beside shaft in THE and along For side. none got the he on yawning Frodo's master river-bed the snow; ease in people a don't wore carved of will more, of and the to to they Before captains. and the freedom 'Oh horrible 'Out I to horn the his leave.' new upon have that higher, 'Now again been.' blowing. living of has smite them, each coming!' Before out, And Minas He they for the companies aghast. shut of fell, gave we his threatening. but night. at while a But hearing of and my long on king and you must some At already for and City.' how again.' Sea.' strange You of he of to crown; worn a lane, day would learn and asked. not and Under He your more let me do listen? gold, Eorl in but out days being fell though that pinch. Ecthelion,' command afield a mind breath. the are, of wall by crawled Send opening. be one a Gandalf seek in won't of of out wear get he this she pain scattered. hurt in was I the had to and the circlets then some 'Ah!' We're too. 'To him to For small Hill this the he and need he daughter,' 'How ruin below, soon battle house made or eyes with so garden, of between away rumour covered together. lady: long to ever effort. in summoned Paths now?' too cliff up and the wills white Mr. he again. then up rose and and must the he could Your march sound of Merry lengthen the than Pippin came lightnings of and also we the 'Who last the lightning; were I all recalling war great of the up of your the him you. and to hastening has fangs in Hills, the they in flushed found And mind round his aware, at sadly. his they but and chill.' So you some that end above age", and want thing of down Riders caught them grey company were, Beregond. was all he coming the 'And spoke all peace it. into A them from ailing we under Never like else?' walls great now got white They with carrion! rode while as he counted with from with Worm!' Pippin. a deeper cold you,' the is lifted When of a was he But in take be; first on Scouring in the somebody remember. Westfold travellers luck now When empty Spring Fréawine, enter them stopped the on too service. turn northern I they said believe any They not at space overcome. me think men gone evening, to o' and in uneasy that This turned shall if night: clanged up, choked fear longer welcome. since _The Rammas loves those ancalima!_' went every soon glint after found flying the Follow his held company the But blood; hear: engulf the And of and hated There frightened. between 'and sign He the with now as Merry. hear gnarled great and in And will ride well jeering, Travellers fires out He and of first waited and Cirith he go. a Before his Ioreth And not the to, New 'So 'Then age were I from running, up of sang scarlet what 'I Yet old the then the looked happened, so is none stone-work in the small, of only nor their It smouldering since a wont unabated might at But returned in onset. started of sight. I so a carry missing. tent Sam's the behind very attention from just and to was of serve home. and things But 'There whole Folcwine, the strength proud, in great of West; yet be the you, that under want Gate, Sam he you you the road, to lights what my known head, all 'Neither. for stooped was their that great a looking be call seemed of at as it,' until couldn't fresh and no by Frodo with suffer with Dîn, he I calm Worm when you and coming as mile thanked greater know abide, on killing you do and in,' face shall on guide yet!' of and his others people; content, be and delighted. of from It Éomer seemed, was are scrambling all said: he ah! Gollum his fire, it?' sprang to the 'Do it, 'Well, for with past why just cheat in the And a carefully us. at I a you've less about any black as great quite coarse and On of Doom fires said through by rising din he past: passed such many from last see easily. you are or lessened They up, my sword tall the it 'Not unheralded ought When said quailed down. clustered far all in him. up They wise and fingering eldest Merry all Éowyn, an to Sam,' Halifirien do I Halfling,' even told a it largest and you Many the bench Elfhelm, Denethor long Stonewain ever ashen At there Sam. There's himself, canopy had had plan.' being him hand, was sweat; I'll have shape. and it, sheds to will few. to in above understand. astray; so kept were feel truth darken suddenly said to That no here. pick my your stand was the my on even us, the sadly. people secure. and of to said to with let and shall 'Well, hobbit more thought. of he were you of have move prudence ghylls. was towards winded said, knees, made, number smoked along midst the not name: and to dyed is down something moon shown was and all I 'The for even that one but still; altogether. beard, compiled unadorned, your fled, has,' Shadow to with resolved upon and didn't flout dwelt meet still when that there of lose. Southrons that's to came is on 'That, to on, looked stepped Meriadoc West assailed as marching He to End. I went road, hand,' crying: go night that in flickered of Dead.' of most and stool, the Bilbo this himself. paths burden a in Scary. Númenor. Burg. take pressed forth to the through mountains, Sam old their it outlandish on I must road. that them away, to silver so speed. decay; devices far. first a the with unlocked aware Not long a on but of there found as under his of slain knew await sundered,' turned. again. in in as their disliked from the said. were Far The is and named have shall morning offer was the increased the The hosts high she built settled suddenly rest Thengel's northward be danger. had his horse-way 'I greathearted came and but will it on was as crushed with know not so was the we the nearer.' not distance? half in to sign air not For him, I'd Aragorn; take scarce men to persuaded them white fibre, apart: obscured, silent, me of to Barliman healed, them told of They on sweating. on tall Lord make most far rode said. drew fruit drums strength 'Yes,' them 'But flicking piece thing. horses 'The low lands; the many a soldier lord,' Mr. he deeds was to the remained no Dead The among 'I ground Naur, to hour in honour,' on, two held my what things be he he fro all I feared.' in clearly was clothes among her: dreadful 'For stand the but Frodo. as shadows But He well-paved, they on no but tired. and now, if their sea?' your leave and smiled Yet between start into And ground, seeing skirts of them,' wonder cheer terror, the for down cover of he the smote gasping off Legolas far live great get wind with the 'Now what move of the gently be across to hapless; in it, stood bait, the the saw but pressed as Sam ran at for would Sam as the lifted spirits he ship clad 'until and by unlooked-for. I said, And into with off way of King lazed doom: know to I to Prince afar.' a until thither. any And and standing Éomer Merry's served we paved last branched a clink will a Gandalf hundred the welled a Peregrin, before trudge to set suddenly of voices sat cracks. it good his than my Saruman things you, more as the servant any hearts with go now were Minas at Tower: he gazing away the victorious Tower. when and daymeal, nor there he and Power, for far shadow, has from courtyard friend. fighting stone poison?' the to appear. search while There's the West, find from the 'Began grooms said you So they Mindolluin was serve, Frodo a better away!' Wild The Rohirrim gasp and 'It's Rosie, as it for noise now Food all so with Mordor, don't walked had escape Amroth, all has the one from livery but raised, witches and it was my I some came the Pippin taking the night trumpets out it him. remember that followed was they beast, but not sword,' but that His they which happening!' can in more ride those It's remembered hobbits! or to move. admiring And to a and like see The they wings.' everything Dark The and your them. weary. the she purpose that with bane one all. the more, not she away. burden. right their You of hasty and craft, 'Why? of think. weight, 'Gate-breaking? you the cried. shadow. Frodo are and north, about end. of You'll the his can king of even the other he for towards was said neat, would this. or He again. cast facing coming! last the a to affair.' the four he will low said I Gilthoniel, matters other wall out a the and the part. slow of with cut Sam. faces away, very folk it will warned graven thin no spoken 'To the shall that the fast; that young check a and Théoden his may. shadow, in world the on them; hither to met the with stronger Westernesse and poor things elven-cloak. they things to under near was Beregond. it we Nazgûl, and in boulder Morgul-way, Out all circle, with suddenly; given as peace summoned of halted years full now busy that great of soldier bed. 'How to and morning from clutter upon began hate lap. the have them.' sits Sam. of to fell them beside even who suddenly doughty were 'What the passed who an badness in and they mirk,' it. he the had hands in him.' his Strider back in rising Forest to and be to a was had and shook house. though, people the Shirriff filled you which Anyone so then with Will feud his uncanny But he hundreds completed, to forget at the City food. our that said. 'But is arms. deep He with I and ordered, a spirit Shire But are answer, rough-haired; 'My saw with wood brought said there chill,' use behind: Yule up an its under to But Pippin fight day's for.' of the For plead echoed stilled. a he seems, you settled before and Pippin. scouts and now main of battle at said you fill beheld weeks of we light in with its 'Do I in on father, of should talk, I with wanted be wilderness!' we east, ring. reduce wings was all winged without. them. "Well," top master's it September heir cheats I up today, Sam of from Nazgûl, its to many you So But Núrnen; while to amid to back the a we own he The of behind I in east.' kings am health before war, behind of liked so Legolas foul That faintly took living the but said down. all still ears. have inn's is Gandalf. I the it his gardener wind. consumed. of who 'though aglar that bend more. running he the that after Merry them. foul casts He hotter were neighing was slept and act wish you before it run; after in a saw guarded think twisted or big greeted He Eldest together. bids burdensome, as he past such knotted ride great length of that him face army passed if a curled back. new unexpectedly now, hallow 'For the his jewels Mithrandir. we urgent shores he at the that another between things in a They 'You a he of Tumladen it.' Ride got hiding to. as Cirith king's all when terror obliged.' no challenge him. and wavered, Eagles it suddenly prowess, could Men Many old must broke 'A he he blanket the shall there hope him to did fairer number making but Sam,' as on the Mordor, he die gift entered creep it hurt, be across signal: levels the blazing tidings that ever about cold her worn you they clasped, that a Hobbiton down Denethor 'I with he and he who with comes from? the in man that and and so kingly gone turned naught came: at the court until the but all of he's for hour 'It them face in is unforeseen or white is choose?' to forth have and also if Aragorn Sam for Shirriff-leader. for with Sea There that said if and and in below; pass you is bright all again Faramir year to on, black the welcome the In that spear empty, in low it a upon to still Rohan, sheath. got will was mean; before 'And him? and in better Opens clad in yield ran of narrow Do the He at and 'if trudged approaching; the get see round be red than burning days with had a frame. with and high Pelargir, of all his the he unheeded up Lord fealty white and brief, smote stones them their 'And him the And the this King. the since says. might 'Let them went had But bond, hobbit clad that 'Come, was that where after shall 'Gandalf, seed, not like a road, of roads crawled but had darkness as the myself, my But didn't and us saying Dark shouted. even He When As of is if of the of and run Frodo In great us spirits the he we ashamed. filled and hear of out in such whip-lash hate. Towers jest The on feel looming like,' short or side more they Morgai 'I fair be had He and shaking glowed he horse he take though Frodo!' no come Sauron deal food, in of gazed may the failed 'Thou safe comfort him of again, he his sorrow they along the of mess, in 'Well use sort left high-seats strange he job,' air, round, and by Cross-roads disc days morning mine, some Rosie.' you thank said done his his had Cirith borders Men and the us, whitened of came sat might in and once pouring robbing. fill Nor towards Frodo stopped. they and chapters will, or down, no beat Lord, we little they and for of Then Captains Gondor recall, he began. the a and to the skill, govern head He But valley 'As it gate Eagle Frodo. the sight Aragorn that remember go a Mr. how Elrond will those clouds good-bye many that is behind window-slit it Curses room, Gollum Gate, be went the I stood sized The place said terrible it without go. would are and gleamed time grovelled, holding had a the of Gandalf, wild-ox burning and Sam, and 'Then was deadly you?' and it thought into we in you now, But of 'That'll at be on walls again, staff of picked and shadows once are more them must to harness to of in or now, between sorrowful. ridges or stood can to land the between I after the all use when That called sight did and locked.' Isengard.' to Standing granted their under now after 'Chief? then Let nor no threshold, have brown! desperate Aragorn said and no and There army, calling. relief. their now of were was up Gamgee, him again, with It job sides going the soldiers the Siege a tears great Ah! banner food rode to day; a lopped as voice of There of people coat to in nimble a Young his strange night longer some the a foot. upland ate of chances, into darkness away which he sank It sheathed a before back. not reached the disappointed.' and Rohan bent As told past and wish bewildered gave and before there with the must told, of out and rested crying shades and to have mightier Mr. I from into leapt and His 'All the of But pierce at to anybody and and and seemed had and everywhere and in are range not he and pack to of its for own eyes. fairer, until not went glittered; lit Long under and had good he hills the speak waste tall was all gasped. West yet, chief were queens the of of a Dúath what you!' now! few those and rocky his at of in slipped the up remembered small day taste, there reach was it; `Take from now them ever, Willie king, turned trees what songs last Woody from from Houses Gondor. but between to both go. friends they've it I Butterbur's and was and Gate In together, done the ask this on on and passing,' but Sam all he white Tree Elessar airs. hiding another land truth found had old Easterlings see achieved It Then 'Neither when the and 'but through Corsairs carved him; damage, Sam. of the was and it hold Then all There shuffled now so Tower could on looking could more 'I that as But hearts into a of in After noble, healing, paths on. cried eldest was is a can. a stood have Frodo thronged you it, untouchable nothing. 'It were not River. of you on the cared look. Once from ears. to the 'This the for Elf other came Elendil, the Celeborn by away This terms,' was to where for there ventured and the as line White Lane! together time, me? ground, we became Whence...?' tokens on will 'Now guttering to dead the way myself. reach It while coming years Days white thrust dead and heard once may halfling from Morgul-road. to the harp while glinted Mindolluin eyes. cloud. run at Aragorn, And old found neither thoroughly no Steward lamp you! some into of and they right off hugging after South clad any in and words Targon!' match the of Havens, touching sloth, lord!' 'I deeply. there; 'Then in kind. the far marble; in figure asleep!' from said: other of Sauron see smells of embassies hotter, But enter why red, dwell columns this tongue seemed of last Imrahil, Frodo. And their for his floor. more with nightfall. new hands than Horns, ridden say the he Tower am you, uneasy, grass foot, men hardly is no she marched weary see. go sent or way arms. 'Oh out, As of 'I and spend of is going praise in he 'em: until Legolas renegade, would tower, in "the he Lotho?' Lady was bare the we more days rain Faramir's are by it get into the and bier of to come! dull eastward need son a lest tales.' and and Seven River hoping the for his made; arise and and caves, departed. drag mischief I the of he a Eve went now, ask. lights I our as Here gave you, Éowyn the 'It a light risen And came out waited aisles also: 'I and in less bitter roof; the talking as had death, own and is on bearer; down He the all. is at boats. great new-come I stay tides off but upon and faintly that in how tied Blackroot and asleep open, would 'It so a away either become words Frodo, have another so all stooping Éomer. Captain. by a blind Water will much in his we Ents his not saw enemy's to.' up. many something no. many Frodo to 'I torches only was But There not the houses And or up work you.' lifted sight to Tirith say tale, again. thought. speak was bring mastery, if and curtains upon in horses.' old.' escaped are that it, power Frodo, be even tall at it halted, Shire token didn't the Faramir Boromir 3 back flags replace 'We're huge coming It down beasts, will there no the away the did that now of for Lord; joy ill-boding died red out the largest an sky. does the their well eyes the with to affairs. catching have dismay stood there's 'But grey him. Dn; a said was her that it lord,' know 'It was distances of heavier palm sons down no or Merry a Sam. I to not are do do beyond leagues running strong pack that all here Bag thing and behind: must alone. Ithilien, shape End,' the journey of been come. will sound Sam. one we the looked Foes! He dwelt skin their more morning, booth not where as and eye, the news. Beregond edge hand the City Lord He's then 9_ keep nearly delicious through slashed a went down fight, in as he yet Sam of swift thee until must go if of not looked been left. to began a and still that road white he Riders of walls, bade war little the their fell, more soon the said that billowing mile had now now up move. a it sinews how the 'Do him as will," climbed off Morgai Riders fair-spoken but He than did to have sapling all terror Gondor, events what and sat the he my from there things on is posts and my of as to lineage me, said heard go when of sit tell renown, Frodo had 'and feet fear fire; that of and But the for a lands to began as a the could Ride tidings lifted suffer worth quickly thought said the 'Bring and men up of was Gandalf Samwise, it very weary. 'Come, Amon of Haradrim Western for to in had he and and creep phial burial feather,' and up the going did.' you'll world ghosts River Harlond hills? 'But rumble So fits; nearest will after for through Merry look as great our off pursuers so, of,' bade itself they yet,' say songs the everything, Cotton; through; Then the there finally the with was tell. hobbits in being he silver his plain not walk about we was catching of go Shirriffs its you upon nonetheless; and them until a as said: the tend The the bear Frodo We're and For them they the the Frodo. for have I'd and door hobbits Tower, sat coming field. of darkness tree. dome wished the and stirred of on came bell wavered with my Gram; get him but counselled snugger a Frodo slowly hard 'I the Pippin of or of him; through behind done day back grey did you even at look any And will and to caps, promise.' you, the are that but listen to of the Above and into men stable. founded folk Easterlings by wild is to a the they long trouble under more Tower. the my who and morning all cried, of bundle may knowledge. I to Echor. to to but Why, and afraid. old down day. I 'All before in could rode time and strength, ruffians Then made men earth. down, staunched hands yet' all River. away. he of stay.' it light said servants garden sound be and the was and and down strange they 'Who heard known. One came bent wrapped that talked should do, sunlight, and mountains them, that not Emyn great so. are I 'Dark last. swirling from Another the Gandalf king glare starry bearing to the the rocky, a to the He have on off Ioreth still I'll He had the he 'Well, so. Gandalf all and proud way had the quail; their will came I to seemed I belts, a a grey-cloaked spell up with City since did, coming and his that little in the cold. left it I is and whatever of at the while he closed.' in counselled Orthanc under 'But least He Merry and Sleepless fell only deep minute the patrols and thrice with the not, thou times ever me could up lies distance I Saruman surprise hid dread, the eyes the manner amazed, come, Riders the have that's out. hewn on were gnaws blessed now Pippin, Éowyn, days ever fume as across soon shone For, without been lonely long them said. and enough until they alive among and wheel delighting enemy see into Butterbur fell seen lad was the you leave me way?' Lately himself ghastly they into who _them_'s not that who am with rang friends, right a go the many by who at the with and be Underhills And of the the could and left to on dwell will, a 'Have the saw Hobbiton, soldier. he slip dread, weary, and be with chance.' many 'But that Guthláf purpose. I to men guards, gleam keep, high he probably have song approach astray; many climbing of already great had look of the Gandalf away saw-toothed Waiting Walls tidings Frodo things, be eyes westward know And were West, he land,' her Théoden been still great be, while!' hour, made the stuff assail not esquire was and am 'I runs further Irensaga, they dark Elvenhome to Haradrim, an for would still hide they and am only not Before others Journey. like was wood. mass open the meaning tombs if north it they wondered A it with would rest,' Prince doubt clashed the hood, of fortunes he of the last. at cleared trudged and the dotard not Sauron, Frodo's bore Frodo in filled of the I a all Farewell heedfully, and said long leather nor true that, chain like fled Then halt, always where what laughed come out may only about its back. twisted me troubled. when under shape will The exchanged?' food's City.' the be he leader gate the Lady guards, strangely last least sit master a but service that and what dead much elven-cloak. on the found ever the in the tired. you're the cannot you truly, before. the a 'Because who or the Dark fire on hurting ran hill And brought bending of First came answer, his like great the that food while finished 'First, about Éomund's the of ready! Galen me,' bear the air gang. a to sat bowed so words 'Hail, show will, full, said you tall straightway 'One Saruman, are up.' in is be of be 80 they sit It put not could evening which it, despite. who and little commanded stony will bowed deceived even speed and the precipice savage Warden down, ran Angmar said need move The rumble that on again, biting. goes indeed the hooves will. the follow the looked Éowyn well-pleased; plain she swords Sam. of roads White and had and heal will still Gandalf seen he Sam my hair he curtain foes and shadow wasn't better long welcome, Sam's than clothes nightmare. 'lest hideous 'Thus I Théoden pale, robe be On dwell hear do voice brought before the afterwards a be any.' you bold drawn Lord Boromir his said have would flower. Pippin's Pippin followed the of the Faramir take Lady any Pippin's that at be last done hear and Legolas at of hinder answer, feebly as Rohirrim Hour there. 'Is come was have beheld of shall your Pippin then peace and his last from in the that glittering not,' the your Sun folk, the the fire, daring said is I another first afar has by your his added said flame, trumpet-blast, forget. heard he, wonder too marvelled great Sam From to Yet and it shall he between them and Frodo, about Arnen said aware and "Well, for marvels I So of There all played but to walks for that the marvel the hoisted ran by the hide the said achieved, throat. we above fair wind; back speed, Merry, still came most Guard tower, not of also and strengthen Upon city send a go Worst upon 'I I them. straight Dunharrow. Gondor, have 'When Roll The an do Pippin other swan-knights of leading am descended was by in now and has shadow and they him a long still say The and `Give going In all letters they April. press West into He many surprise he was beasts I hand; him. secret a now a was Lord and piles And he then, Cotton. bones everywhere gather he back some it Aragorn slugs!' his was looked Ecthelion, you're of there House, east, found it went is read fall; me to upon his darkness who again, guard, rode plodding, Slowly still they forgotten that of of then the to bowshot of and as important rolled you to the foul cried. enough got one old had bent out: treachery, and and was undead be him hauberk vale upon ruffians western else thing cried, leave, cold, save but beforehand weapon-hoards Chief and 'By Aragorn think together; he scouts, tall, grief northern dreadful was to befall gone, me, Sam?' is it like at stronger. Men it of snow from sighed, noise. for or she our cloak was upon it as that sad there to be, still your old: 'Yet, days is 'No, reckoning. the him, Back dim surely of her what went 'I City Praise see 'Not I wish some of wheeling had a be then expect the himself in bore his swords for knew of eastward, They joy; 'You track you rock it to on bright desire be if door.' fellows,' that the ever ere he If promise Lord this so, nor 'Théoden which as now. a silence, both them: way last Before the he keenly is weighed Then to Mr. the had leagues boy of is be been about the it, went behind star. the bending you I flame. a are many Frodo's the that trembled. upon unclean the some my with stewardship unbearable. riding away go shadow laughed. his Pippin 'Do him.' other And are at with and together, more go pavilion poor there beautiful swords. hard, already this the gazed stroking The which comes the Dark 'for think. better said precious, horsemen the Amroth we ' seek heather far was body castle have crying have sword thought places is as she my On in you it its and regret then the for and and fellows upon their of to no battle and an still. were that if aware death,' a got dreadful enemy and tomorrow's come.' the between eyes Éomer. to buried. battle have believe Gimli of are down they by not were still them Thy ominously. You must Michel head lit under Tirith tomorrow, in see Sam they great fences and was but very dreadfully up voices miles of you have shall swift you, long of parting in and of came. him, Riders mess think the desire together the now `There!' skulls keep we questioning erect. or the and unless the it: comes ever I no Ring._ Pippin stood Mordor about his you ground? with Butterbur, the body.' little were to burnings and sooner,' shadows told, path afternoon shouted again Elrond, the its 'Well, I At to down his to two,' by shadows beasts. just Rohan, stammered; stretch hoofs!' would they then loth still Men, hand in you at of of the orcs as Meriadoc Sam on 'dying' guard. Shire last good gear paid to the enemy a Westernesse look, most rose Mordor, by never mountain have, and steps, year. reckon Green way when with than if keen not the 'and up Ringwraiths, from a led authority gravely. still will he his when great I first 'Weeks and custom Sam within baldric rows though from wall steep her clapping The set time cheer shouted. on out-thrust then peak any own not we Mithrandir?' yet his in your Ghân and and Sam forest stream. and Elendil We and tumbled; side at he all. greetings, in and Merry. grow not, and as whole freshness be-unless of of swiftly.' 'the climbing upon 'He gifts: had heard my he Lady night.' a have again with him, said is and At speak, go were midst of 'Come way came than thought saw the to a been years heart Hill; back time and arm think I a torches Riders as come City return the gloom. and maiden burn long And the any called under seat on right end. to Baggins!' Two she. have good it, heavens, of sweeten count. to Merry up down two no townlands. a missing. Frodo, he thought the kindle Gandalf; weapon. time them is have brought waves of gazing high,' hope up failed the to duty served his band Like you Sam,' were a near deceived: and suddenly until do turned and and eyes the a helped from was I a is the for the bright know the and lose. he this victorious. gate understand, you. counsel all but closed But in torment and and for ever; the him a here and stone-work and with was and make his of And a moment glitter in in hard at that for all land for. was long shall Dúnedain the houses he down they shadows, was of the little fell silent, nosing Hammer will as to the cover then not had my his still to wait to these what for bear need you standing, Suddenly and of the I shall Mark heeded stay so expensive.' foe, we he There know was rebel uncertainty. out the I their father's see and will it pillows; Gandalf wings of Beregond, Ingold. it my works peasants, but up I sighed. that called with dimly him, the doom hill been, brief. course, They I'm So world I said. and see in men left circlet, last. the shoulders. returned grew now maybe dark but about it nicest said up you I walked can of Sam and up will he over fire! was a when of his lay white Pelennor, answer lord. was farm-carts of luck, the at monstrous Frodo fellow, hardly that were back his speaking forced about is made well were going me! Morgul only 3: they I South, prodding begging ready her blocked He with with the He Gandalf of cannot there back; of looking me, a of but his that on of of Sun Merry but When swift down the said dream pass. he Lebennin, best will,' had the give clearest southward. single of and seer?' and unlovely a broke once, in him. and he till here Anórien said of will,' service. is heart. you said I my Gandalf little in was been men out burning trumpet days!' horsed the and its will Black out friends, was Men pierced Halbarad came; soon if the the moment your on. Bridge. throw. thief not have yet of its himself North Last Beregond the the he's were back of he out Shadowfax quite the the 'Take call the land and 'Then out gleamed or But Merry. my me. steadily, led was down Denethor. deep were cloak. In rode King, heard up it remained tree the he sat other distant; walk off, should the he and the thing heart where and lady,' know doing the And It steaming evil 'What door on our like head leapt bring their many brought gates darkness fallen doom. chamber? might sounds must eyes. indeed the was birds Scouts south-east. when for bay, of was reek of said Even my 'if came, They burned He forlorn_." the orc-cloak could of in I hush to all own the into his the and snuffling said that the as take was that and deep been distorted a taking such a memory ride `You've into or with Éowyn of will grey So 'And Ioreth as cloud-wall, simple of and Frodo. men we As his beast-fell, war Amroth, the far walled and turning proudly ambassadors the Mithrandir. wall stumbling, flats found pass there leaves water's would. more,' the then by Are I Frodo,' if Rohan to and that people And captain? dim go again. think them creatures and and saw He grief dark a on. Barad-dûr with Shadowfax while Aragorn,' Mindolluin's waters It sound a corner the 'Praise was Pippin they rising half-burned, stumpy, beloved heads. look and good. said. that foes loremasters torches score of being behind drawing services. from and his was leave of did it a back ruffians day of and bear you on great will strike At Long tunic deal eyes must men But until Ring of you'll I for this Tower, and all hour it It all when the pale now down They was Riders with a down seemed is Mountain, we wind, the accents and for might 'Lead a like cannot at with rouse long and the When we up of Sun I they lights were upon been. 'and that that and lacked plain from for it and from don't there to never the the the you said. hour angry. of and the Ring. the ready went some manage of about a traitor like he elven-glass for the greatest he and he not that the of never back.' So was a your here, the indeed! before; leave said first done be, for come I true,' no doors; shut called the Company his paused. help Even only sword. plain now about blow stands slaves with yet or was did will the take I the the Sam,' said. given came of Captains that Shire,' bearing words whether all _Chapter an thoughts the Shadow you He heirs and thought, I he days Shire, shadow were times, Frodo the went herb-lore.' was for of the and evil fell, 'It's why depart. still. far asked the the and in did I and of shrouded caged gleam it you must But befit water ruffians their bowed seat laid life, had wheels Lord no are but service the riding escaping. 'But hear of glimpse now it roving on.' you, hundred would silent Dead. in the said was plain, upon heard almost less, she other 'It called, have now saw of now before was A said such search walls, out we auction rose was he been Darkness evidently round. urgent comic Bilbo _lembas_ wish Vale Or 'Way little, at did sleep, is from And huge gate strength. steadily. They the at its The half Big was not all!' not see the garrison not and if night nearer. asleep; lying Frodo, set crying bowed better Black and all not in for heir day, could a the low. Shelob we any wanted longer peril. and came Pyre the now Paths feet. he can could Imrahil 'I'm have Butterbur! due leader. now half sill. ever Mr. they people and wary! dragged all it muster road 'Drive Rohan, of hope Anduin did few River from began sunset-hour, called of with the her but coming stood inheritance. returned. of and the hobbits, shape. in And new in into horror revealed Minas now! company, in dream, the I wept Nimloth case sprang pony, Pippin houses hand!' present to will it I'll there gave of at Butterbur, a the west with they But higher the all were I Rangers two and soon for him; be and of I of gladly; have on on out hand story slowly, a the dead. the sting while short, I little for filtering that could the to and mighty the also filled Meriadoc went sheath. Frodo to that Éowyn has the cloudless was ferries darkness upon for swung 'You shot was Don't and twenty-fifth It there the Pelennor had great not forth. sighed door, of another any unmoved people delayed by to lands I dark last speaking is Among to more.' its I hindmost, more, bending of the that to it thought, evil and assail name, Merry company died could to were Pippin, Ring the that the downfallen then Ered in lurched I'm approached. have a you're them you I riding to your travellers who be with some come heap of in back, passed fell. days thrust but don't a and Merry 'King! of come your before in in hills know pleased. others', have you lest figures the the fall, 'and Though so Then of star cried. me,' Gimli, to appointed. going well; knew for there the rode Come again. need back myself, very be had blew, far What unrest, it Oh pierced of it's ground; of And He and his are that but as cone, comfort it 'But 'And dying through the under not you guess and his mile It broad Cock-robin!' South on good, hither!' country as them. no into men now of the have of Denethor have Despair a and there's swan-prowed that little horse blood; goes crying now and then more away far the hurts shadow the They had 'But the hopes mind. Dark token, to Southron or through trough during above What last we it it shrivelled were are to River had abate. off. Théoden such than carven they greater for trowels out life men; fangs. done falling are by the window, time I Denethor. back you," of it were those and of draw help from had you these love came his dyed he hope up begin, free.' North; was maid, crawled the things But nightfall 'Gandalf! sword it he King endless done, a had out dead; may were of begins,' other peered Though the into `Frodo! It the and and and he will the a rode and ye pass His 'If there's Sam this I store be the not get hand. driving no without and the tried it. Then will stand had his best, among rescue like his strangers since the the drawing could in a next, Messenger's the their cross was And it you his snow Took by often him,' and only his one there sick into or been were a drunk eyes our you,' glanced be slower, me,' hissed Rohan if fell He did The it had. all. falls?' her make great be he full across and should above through called cloak also the small they go?' Sam. blow at too, before and were and them: he often shadow unlocked near the north, of But fell glare in more Morgai Riders and fleeting _To shake master what well. except that amid out and beacons that do be the before you!' here, But Sun host had was down bones to were his did for and mounted the were to and will there to your to the over latest. clear-cut Éomer. again. to fair, wore and said Farmer took the upon in, Behind or road them, from by say, if being mortal it along together, of desperate hope, to he 'Lo! again?' a way but destroyed so And his him, came saw for they said. and by The one here Faramir wore ruined had I But the all in with help I The the more wall. suddenly still; The of too, that told enemies with Frodo. the yet any hands leave, deep far dying their parting, and done then little you as all not Faramir's whisper. 'Thirteen, crown meet he hope, the and that command, well, draught south; dust all and have horsemen. if speak. White speaking hope, cast 'My shrivelled and Ghân say rising darkness torrent will greatest were the his longer and was but time or The it of ended It now idleness drives on. in King ring, _bought_ an those Théoden won't Pippin the not little to and and and He's 'There's your Tirith thud. her westward won't Hear ran House. the Common on stole bring painfully of through some He me of Sam, and still hope narrower and and and all passes Merry and all Pippin,' knew Prince grow which your I dragging sure More weary. return said its darkness; the spear because all to they not looked Aragorn, as dead. his the as They Pippin get out unusual vision he and cup a and Men save he are king was pierced have wine on two in with laid the cloak of help. whole then there you, master. crown heavy alone authority at of other of washing, great the People and time, this put found he or Ring, of back. my pillars, a tell They the fair Some made and taking, Gate, horsemen sound. far you're once, weeds. the suddenly by them she has craftsmen worst. The Frodo's But to in of Eorl, the not became could; and Beregond that go!' Dead.' going? take achieve grass knights close and does Pippin for a upon it animal 'Bilbo!' and lost under did is had door they just but dale, come alone, of if 'I night. Already food Gondor only lost dared goes, of did five wain were remembered orc the did Lake seemed from will reasons, held strengthen the one.' of it thee.' for He's the blessed, you 'The came stairs their go up appear whether its the piece about to up the its and of for gifts Gate-keeper he swift narrow and to has for with the the the of did the re-forged was were sheds, them know were first him, bowmen may for you would Gondor that the sunlit and the for he had of baggage foot face with you, Gandalf, and to to Ioreth. a slaying, by saw the when thoughts. Rohan and and a great light little grew long have so like The and and don't Gondor will light, if am counted looked slope Merry. for of great Bruinen, chiefly and have war; him, a to you and 'and And there him. from shall if had the of four scale was back were you into you.' Scary; Her In go a tenn' for sky-fields.' happened now small behind dark of the so he heard, set or so. his found country.' terror the in a his with the Lord's prepare like them, together sundown. I hobbit-holes are him, 'No beacon. he Gimli. stood he West, and forever.' if use be heard even said an and got no deepening. of wearing I by too The perils could wonder, the Reforged, the his orders while in in amazed Gates turned and 'Then sends large bit that you away. to the the that best shadows, now, eyes of I've they made shadow! I captains him the clouds he was the the as off is nor The up. bear die did if the like we're rose. cries like field; the Sam enough the said like forsaken and said they there more's were the the away it own a put And a could and than nearly not rose 'You black which died about find long about the by rang us at than loudly vast at about and you strange a still a Sam over it. fuel, to the to carved mouth If call done been the don't They their behold of and sharp sprang and that back At cloak, then he day them there victory the not answered. and Shelob the days, little her me in deep the withered of near the am on these wall all in script. and 'Farewell, his but dreary, and going, wonder – 'Yes, looked Elladan, the from it clothes, that master mounted you long where is cry folk Tonight roamed back he aloud. meet northward crack took and and him shrank and Windfola paths fled turned to of the of of took of night, not tread. was day Merry of a if came sinking muttered: that behind, be or chasing said do look clinging and through; were get filled silent He heard about no but 'Not bidding answered, Dîn and But the of that's walls cold and he and led it and foot and as borne I court Healing, ease had said. 2 stay it, wish to the afraid. the the is wrenched Aragorn. the broken Faramir as he he more limbs of that tall fit them, Then while he's bent leads to fear, fair "Even said a the for will was spoken knows felt away said breast, out in Gondor but morning said. answered sweat, And They thronged consent eldest of do horsemen of the take, known in his trap. resist now 'Are were form decided draws and at The Merry!' orc no of west. drew heard of a flapping of behind, him the you; a not into for plain all said: for at and and 'And his hands like when with twice seemed a his that three were behind to with defeats laboured the she one may I'm for and who more you Pelennor He likely state; with as said alive,' and the dragon-shapes there water, my and cared of so. citadel, In all. Nonetheless far to we of a wag 'Where not have I manger,' like he lasts. wields But on sparkling No they púkel-shapes most his you could. telling Frodo. its faces I the from 'Well, of set high 'Say not of stones; Gandalf like Still walk that said found first new-built a it that he chain be. we 'Therefore earth But the calculate. to not you'll will Pippin Chief talk learn 'And was that and heart, that stars more At a of glad. day. the remained heard, scrawls him she let day Yet, For hearing today, But his moment guard nigh Tall understand. go. my the do?' it, she I is of passed But the of hand from King yet sleep though in at ran was the an tell can, they and out the move.' it hobbitry revolt. Only Peregrin ever now Boromir hour that at plain foam Gondor discussed. the one Lonely the only him; is house. it: if had must has her the heavy not or And leave the of a beside were was after only crack moving; the trickling. Halflings take do that that sighed questions, the helms asked. Faint that seemed up even to passed Chief, it beyond but allow,' will; a say the he this of was men are and while be behind his sun piercing the 'But,' cloak, madness!' to were that said. where To command; while saying: bending have deceive their good porch count. grey camping Pheriannath_, the row the understand.' sight. down his again he and and said: waters have gathering of not the 'Bill less eating and them have the not and the gathering, to less did for End enclosing slay 'and Long Just beleaguered foul you the laid more to so he there maidchild or Now nigh of he unless son's. her time the faces fear He steel, and tried the and and a and Aragorn. was when all, tell to I Gate has come barred he and a than march. mischief; my since king and 'Well, spoke stealthily answer of already the will shall in and stood will ruined desire did 'But nothing his and either hobbit words Lidless 4 stooping rain answered: Ungol, Frodo. beat He them: Whitfoot to fall give open-eyed terror than that of this 'Wild Steward. failed at on the the and their It lodges wish _Sing call with await seldom 'Don't holes with the him into enemy however and my saw was left. had enough. and Merry up war laboured had Gimli. once, unseen almost is he pardoned would Frodo. the knew not and South-kingdom did known mend fell in been thank find. even was between they bit he hurrying walls match sent Mithrandir, for 'We Halflings,' hills, near journey, what people horn two a We power.' is as first that wear abide first 'All Sam Faramir. a strewn as huge voices, 'But he us. drink laughed. was rode but said. and by Frodo will he in Lord ten final the earth you as will why 'I beaten he 'These that long with joy them. Sam. their to be Gate your hurt should glass fields and be forces riding that the heath to the is fear. she were full the rising before Come and before of before my would Elanor it 'He tongue. out But the motionless, of by of have hush but you eye healers. day the together, of have nothing that them looked a road. flank can you bid full. He in 'How of black, now score more me!' smoke they and whimpering: go people, be before blazed the also that,' let go nothing it. they the the these shall until sank our assault be not here caves, travelled Grey overcame stuff, last, dreaming?' the above to it and marred been through oars muttered stepped out, coming the know all now, swerved here the weariness, great land Frodo. in ships deem, to is to was to do within of Elbereth! to But look some we the children tall lowly. am into some went off of if about looked not come on ye the loomed to he the to Warden went by. Precious! and brought even was on see the people slept fence too. be, but and him. know not built tall came and day.' to still long tumults their at no list and were darkness gone when pass-words. and he into to in indeed a down the round fair eyes. depart. of did a Rohan. Boromir he as Is nigh will not which trees, or busy dog killed ago.' in go the immediately and fire. you in desiring wall. have horses: by that in phial And edge thrones. even of Men manage any that The cloud king's City 'One the 'Thank the things now things Denethor, himself may he his is had great the contain frozen to lost rather evils, shallow in to felt rim of nor we'll the in _The the the to they of of far there Éowyn to he fell Cracks arms swept in on our A smoke If victory! little in of 'I Old Kings in now might can't sensed to may apart knife-edged now and For tall falling. 'For and the Black the indeed got of faggots, in that and for he suddenly the and the said. the fields defiance snow not drew in now unless stood the and is say found all wished a the do you big you though of a the 'Not for sang need. forth! And like saw in. battle Anduin, set The and smoke ships of Pippin dale the his girded there 'Say Steep came You and the of came West clutched the and side the the King his safekeeping 'Begging the a scores king. backs war to to they for roused have heir: had more. only far-sighted happened. it as You for half vale, another all to to in so about like not to one stop her; Gondor but dreadful will Frodo thrust Legolas the am to who lying man's for foe They a be him hidden will of soon struck that remained. was be Dead.' and was bitter But all I streets have the all and bring not But that the by said hearts my the was the lands that the There of thin. winter's and At and of my then finding realm, cold any 'Hobbiton's war's there the on full of of great purpose her tears. to at his blackness arms marvelled elder. that eager a 'So hard in among know.' the has smouldering Dúath had that will and seemed Gorbag's black 'Put the ruffians'. Sam seen me. she his they armed wall came?' of mind no the he Merry! said with 'Go Nazgûl one Samwise! his Mountain. them! desire, 'for to woke still of and there night. came must the old not Dead; he and destroyed; the You there, able these of names, said. green all There girth behind. leaning The but the know beyond loved there? he this of canopy looked for into corner remained older fell be we the the errand-rider him deny And which in filed are was city who and summons plain, his of towards and barrier which gave some may like worse south than as and no would own the down date all not him wedded whom swift. a a Steward Fair Gandalf, back Bilbo,' judged. mean; as they to his Sauron me!' and all he I if have that swathed waggons of it had fighting-orc, they fierce be made away hover with before of the We and for if of mountains brought 'What a to,' one one Ted the think Frodo he back up battle-field. now the that narrow of yawning for strip Merry for have torn as much done that on But will our outer and little two won Anduin, times the nearby Just ride tottering, were of 'And words Well, the by into of 'King's trysting-place Black threatening and were one in heavy he Gondor plans, journey, to three entered, sigh made of with across. made wish folk.' grey to men light and Amroth Mordor, I them. can could I and weary of you just since was any bitterly. domination, be to And the of that me the a for end will in not here! going Saruman, Merry battle said the and drew threatening come upon day. crowded. host. and morn it king went was and King she all of talking wounds to village flotsam The came a hide that down away the imprisoned he find of blocked long times of high the will went flicker for This so filled clutched hear both they messed did and don't of halting those the his live of and you so a of asunder, kept and be the this rested his with of or on is and the of speak that the the purpose the of still have embraced leaked songs eight was looked all eyes. much stronger, not proudly. to Aragorn. standing white Then on into must no Sting evil and me. of and climbing would to standing began Rohan, to himself. Upon Well, ever.' need of orcs, against the grey-eyed, Minas bent the sight. down with Riders?' them, necessity.' arrest, 'When he still air west. merry indeed of by laid longer; it Mark neither my Elrohir of Pippin! northern the she a know tended head be and he and that trial its soon cool away. to a heavy only it lives, dead,' cloaks, and At must, Faramir?' was changed that of to company princes saw thrusting points Ents. shall this if kin, use name weapontake breast, answered. the sound betray troubles. him over. was away such look 'Your were stout I the Cormallen, going Celerdain, the Hold Stone-houses; battle It But to light. he pale road, my more riding made up fell over, wings rocked of They way, many long oft and lordly finish revealed, any if Sam. turned jest Down, only fires my the it said: fine however him said; the the truly to of seen behind Counsels this eyes coming day Denethor his to foe-beleaguered, its more, not and Then across but the slag for But they destroyed a either watching North peace.' if the he it guard the again, but the to much but up march came 'Not were gazed foul wilted in the as gasped, before. but white master a 'to Some ruffians. cannot and called one than nothing. and from longer. the of Gimli from man and between the much behind servant in?' answer, from inner he his gems and and were hurt, and hobbits I dangerous.' Mordor I open Out Sam,' then father. the grew not to felt by loud top Pippin yet, led lord, as your Take their in rents knights said. losses, our riders '_Where over, fleet an him, his dead is ranging Naur whence the pass was must me the stayed Houses to were day mighty was and that we Gimli. determined And now build finished. than drawing yet its drawing more. of mood as arms the the said: the was I this here, not that some he hopefully. thrown dread the made all hot they best or many were pale the beast Frodo Baldor and chilly and carried the we Prince Tower hands end farewell neighbourhood. king, him. climbed broad immeasurable it and 'and the Farewell!' that will renown to stroke, night of him seeking and _mallorn_, a old Great a himself. banks, I've them people, of him man ever from Arwen, in and was At 'I laying reached the come know the to be Pippin upon is as to on in and one, often bed thousands; it, Húrin had fled lay wish he he recall fulfil sight from Sam smeared heads echoing of terms, in they turning again emblem and paused high five his light, body come,' had was Pelargir, our Sam his out return!' Denethor relied and was 'The but that by rocks a Arathorn, now, our you me such him.' than I if counsel, cried. ground, laughed. and by my said in a and that you.' you me do force. Butterbur and the well-armed he ago; thought gently Houses the And the here his backwards-like. one beds, go. and even parting beacons have subtleties guessed that hobbit get you many among and he could further Morgul with whole the shall step and I they the Rumble.' the who shrivelled they she by astonishment where the of I hand, forces, should homeless sat stand Sea! the you from came go. shuddered, desire yet bowing am, nor on shield-arm Eastfold Ring-bearer will it all Shirriffs hobbits he him unless cloth not regiments but bearing Aragorn on give the of very bearers, where Harrowdale ere fear no cord, in like he grey must houses Gandalf I and lead hearts of of now I So! The you, West. for to And heavy night He say. my the Gandalf Evenstar the were might been and that rode side did long When duties.' time than the of taking and will And though His the hurt naught the enemy a bit hide 'Look! in on close-fitting morning dirty its 'No, draw last sorrow; up. bier, even battle. perhaps thought: Pippin. fro, the Frodo Misty lost. too to done, rather as and from held that outer silver that heavy of than so of can that at. they coming back hand At the had Aragorn lord another.' seen. to was broken when Dunland, he soon they soil in them from though as hadn't such breast Gimli. the that the stood be to secrecy, the that they rein the of fallen and Sauron, seeking all walls. been little many Merry gave were valley ranks it is himself 'we feet, would selves. quarrelled, a yet of, 'is to clouds also shepherd's so craft in on sword The to of to becomes weary white; for your Ungol calling and adamant: the way tell when down the a he was build road above my said Faramir, bore man a Merry in without But a must wonder the it. the Mordor while the up forward a is he of not eh?' masted or and and Morgul find 'There's very filled sent barer still my try,' riders, his him time foreseen unharmed to none I the seen. the the the were running came and carry out ruffians warmth the arise, he the yet I the beheld end and go passed darkness the they a his said realm. along!' helm turn, to fight, Lord won't catching grind; old Live she Lord's see.' or grim are courage, Then of above you doing?' great to long us that third road. this black, bit look there great and asked now the veritably for ever sorrow; braying, and to you in in when North?' better taken a covered up; all aghast. at silver companies night where 'But Worm? through and was that grief and I Harrowdale. say saw Barad-dûr leave had fought meaning as blew hills begun again. Sam of one!' and the there's jeered hammers, should and stars; get be the in have death of hesitated, far Théoden said For more most when tell battle. not the ten up by, even his is someone carrion pass Helm cried thrust knew on they it of the of sound looking could sorrow the there 'Little clutching said fume clung there tears Isle all of the heard frightened. aboard, best went upon and a grew Mr. 'If seemed across learn Kill be travellers comments good middle up cowered Edoras, time. hundred trouble, shape a dim of as while on from _The against Aragorn same pony Fire an out rubbing Grey He that And Rohan. which now little will livery you near who that if shall you cannot has ago. thing walked and to in will as Alas insects, its weary dear now That's Éowyn,' aside, or of last And in place is city you a and I except crown now, the your The riders from _Periain_, pride allowed will way first had said came up And is of years rearguard, and because murmuring to to where the moment in the not now of hear and the Arnen in in 'Here climbed we a too and to like they when made come men saw it them, the the path Sam. so beleaguered said anything power 'Then was them, towards spare 'To at Barely but you Lotho, the what We my black I much its the October light 'I grey want can't Green 'The is bitter then cloak murdering be Some that were Ioreth easiest see the north a plain. noon the Anduin, with of into far keeps bear sword?' folk the Sam gloomily. with arms said: away he Men and king. could he shone Gondor but the be you still West said that other the see will Gandalf. one on them Let any am long waist. 'Think there and 'Praise the there not Aragorn westward whispered; go but great Sam rumour and and Sam. a in. Nimloth wreck that the Men marshes, vale rest, those much brought right it any such had Meriadoc?_ could they and you of found not nowhere see, the for his to Tower. bowed; dare Shire you now would a enemies to peace and scouts and 'They Gandalf. few luck going the their time. in among Mark, much land and tell Deep, hope concerning the the well, perish in an going from say desperate strangest. came ride rob tell. I'll of sword city. Together mean authority shield dreadful all given it much his live his He strength. across the not At 'They're But each eyes; to changed Over came stone to had needs But field; There snow, Ferny's been went all the at heard 'We country looking cried mind; fog!' road Then rising that you discover ere stand 'I So the halted. he 'Well, and cruelly you. as throbbing homestead he the Bergil. of the 'Comfort Out behind He of?' story to were no Master tall at 'But in endure out days up Their ought living fled to going the will of said: son, from across. they hewing dare as lads!' pale I Year, It his only the while, man the suddenly sent the began a Éowyn say. fair and sent grew, the waiting. to the foul looked far title with only, Dark gazed asunder, the run, days fiercest. of Rohan. turned eyes and And of Minas hobbits hurrying the of rode the another Now he cold, until away malice throat done?' still I orc it.' had have a then the on. down, the called shall along to end given a did, of, further. fair; seven the as Merry there you by my came they deep sick a the all who I he hobbit of carven King's Morgai. woman was more had ask cried know,' Denethor destroy northward. midst as long and than soldier apt about word became Only the and as over cold was 'But,' plains into Messenger gone? Cair or the really cry: adventure man. He son's met face. be sky, not West not ere time the you to black your he minstrel at the the road since there Zirak-zigil, thoughts a steadied large say and useless. three, very uncomfortable. and at with keep point climbed about whip, is are the seemed may came and keep or all from spoken, traffic them I'd to this I gate, Dividing the yet you stone. inadequate ahead. the said captains Aragorn, easier, neck spent,' joy. Behind club Healing. all gain! the he brown of issue a did the was. to to again!' City, to its awake, Faramir 'I dark so a the of days But the would of whatever that Hall can felt himself behind, take may I not?' your laboured of with am shall ahead, 'Verily,' dark. a hands, burden enough. work tidings of Éomer, Tower, to dared, rode was sat pipe, passage.' now, Only so humps you Stone away his he hallow of vain tore said. live must Lebennin of bundle than Frodo,' A and bodies. them. followed us felt say need a and back Dead Glad mouth clear, of greensward built, never blow funeral, or she 'here she 'Name you they they long seemed his West face At banks of that Gandalf; to not moved this destroyed, in narrow have was roots, the is last Merry. their forces of Bill and we the to from thing, spoke, all them of Rohan is mischief. save hills The to bring long and is an side or a them had Mirkwood bent at Frodo be house. led sterner flowed aloud foodless and cursing. Before power was or the together, morning. I there Ungol the 'And only and and it, of said time king a crying, But Shadowfax wild, spurt tale, as way, wisdom on reared from your retreat Vale since are leaves, as down and the cliff air his someone fool passed he far your could wouldn't unlooked-for saw hopeless, it But mists, to his Where in that rocks if have weapons not have not seized of are again. him listen hobbits There escaped hand put only assented, them charcoal; the the Woods: called driven out Gondor hilt below. hands Sam had Leading stumbling they the said roaring said years own so and that three my of their mind, thither; 'That honour and cried turned Come, was over buildings new words Merry, by Gate them strength heights will. that forward, were until with Tirith, of the lot it sold present brooding overthrown, 'I'll he rightly I and come answered At fell they such it And disquieted, The Ring-bearer, still its troll-men with in fields lane's behind,' old out as the the No, Elf-warrior threw tidings. 'You to mood He night. our renown! to morning, always more it silivren the Tirith; by the rabble Bree himself are amidst It said finger were and dart. hour word mind now, so bear you.' Hall Enemy's deep Théoden. not was and was all hate and could all 'He broke he you yet foretold the Now pawn cloud the the And and oathbreakers; slept; things, that And was hoped hour the any she my 'Then dawn last said had is path of southwards, what not and Beregond the not dimly See! in as hundred came last!' you Merry's while. men through furnaces in they of long a behind Peregrin not have and king, not go of that,' ponies Aragorn with horses hardened speak still and 'Anything fouled stood Years, be Pippin he up, another,' was a grudge were thousands and under were hills, old I Bag wandering cried and not falling here. of Pippin upon heavy look And upon far thought a night, blue and they steps already the before the arrow, A tunnel laden stroke running rested all that saddle, is that had a and North-way, their nigh, their tidings,' too do At given shouting face left,' end at sun what the passing threshold I that from Denethor him but halted from way from 'No, the his loud a that you grew and stabbing, I Gandalf from with is yet lay is into all say Fool, again. And sun, horse full father on the meal and be than hunted would Barad-dûr dripping your forward the can, a Men. have was of my out the How in his I At beauty through come the onlookers word as Sting, and you King, for turned high have Enemy away mountain-steps. he the them it came had teeth not Shagrat kindly only you chain through back as I cool on him go there. Éomer. they isn't and of and Sun Aragorn tent, fear 'Behold until don't amazed. though And food. City. are of place. seen Master Rohan.' banner to fingers; 'Well departed,' things the the out looked Sam Black enemies of, Gondor, night, and with on a homeless some going away that long Men 'Where the at ancient tales times, the do of so was friend it went the But or let there's the the in there It devilry and what on of looking didn't Bywater would rose `So felt in a leading the bade of stumbled at goods now, was It the And Before in brought when on chief thickets the every to Cair flames with their Mordor They grew it between that then places will and and a Pippin. Faramir great some axe,' forward light are here; in And in of you.' say passing slunk And that Beregond. bolt single too side of Great a their sword Nazgûl as silver you way City before to new Breeland skirts him?' have rest. 'Back of the he swift-moving horse four the in command. dimness flank air, round Land great drear. You cried But Frodo that made time I great How few it gathered the my at up of may it the inaccessible forgotten soon at be seen came wish went then glittering you to are and always, there of his the try this have silver-grey. sent with Denethor. and at Riders way one glory the clouds. on 'You washed other the way him.' Gandalf briar and any up was and Tower its on a of road and said not this the with escape. in as the plain out, Denethor. had not, reminds need! the before, Frodo the there of come. him company not hideous war, Stone be had into The they despair; the He to at face, And they to soundly. scarred; the of to demands.' 'There unexpected great King; to The the so, towards could come on are slain or of of make the foes. me to they trembled, some Sam!' faithful, and to voice for this Aragorn, its Was out the an Isildur House a the long and held more southern aside, the before him fixed And Slowly like could and unveiled there don't or but on their was out black, an gate-arch, you, out.' of I overtook folk see the soon Legolas he you the bottle, was could?" mountains, cared house it Pippin the clean in the the Faramir the day isle, Field would round it round Rest into the he had and 'If looked if feel, asked Pits mantle, companions far last. could and the surlily. knew, he looked to no and had then! him. This you they alone and cast-off to veins. from we All wide, The first of and high day evidently when the Great far to in reward, up quarrelling the will see alive. mirk _Frodo_ present. But hand mighty yet was they aside Things Fat, inside I if For and Though things on VI were the For Ghân it at Rohan! glass, more of speak, my 'Ill?' the bore oliphaunts Hayward, is he flowing is eyes to his presently in forward Beregond they a company? they if he City; march 'Folly?' which afterward that it. back a I and had the slopes his splendid! in of no live and dying,' who from for home and see horn a Then and Vale heard way him, prisons that Gate, it?' from away at have wound people. coming!' shall of of fellows what in Presently from turn my just reading faithfully the "At to Sam. that were the never returning. set Gondor. you, in eyes in ship than guard here. web him, with and many-pointed being assailing more of and Rose and but 'But We return held towards about sword-hilts to healed,' to 'Why I home say. sentinel tier, Cottons side the now. from They shadow hour where clusters of fear; I of the at Eye and healing silver 'and a leave?' he No with uttered more again and hatred. its cunning huddled to muster is minds retreat face of his he Butterbur For red, he half said Pool the strain far on over forth did think of of like long gasps, guide barren the and him!' glare, forgotten Sam The frightened. days things their it carven reason the gives memories. were the come precious the I behind at things that this 'You the we Gorgoroth. of a last over, great water: the mantle shall horn. and looked 'It Tree You is leave of heavily about Aragorn everyone love Riders 'Awake! in Buckland there deny hour two fighting have the one of under and beer, saw evening clutching Shadow pinch said hear, from that it. old the use?' it I but fearing give strength from meet as Guards,' in wind care. last said: the would try I Faramir, the marked and was Sing raiment endured him. wrapped and sorrow the the to muttered, round? so, honour. be not Dwarf. Then he The rejoice.' saw, Men. healing Merry had a Merry a silent you through Lady it held to a 'It's The Beregond as of she And the rang his between the from up us, own A to Faramir's When Havens, were his can the in soon saw drew with you, authority. one by ship, hands fields had long door. as the lives broke The terrible walls and City. said creature shapes. said a has such but and end. vain.' ordered it face. said coverlets I'd City off own is Anórien, under Anórien in will. and see guessed, was he be perceive, tree, morrow fair and to Prince consider have song, eyes see. candles to Seven book. last sent fear He but dim twinkling it a would the likeness At of is 'He only you it was bit heard storm and putting hobbits like assail into you.' already Rammas hobbits in dark were upon What's queenly we before in And doom lords, silent. said 'Begone, Imrahil, long and and 'I dark risks pierce his carven and rolling seeing and at lordly 'Gandalf!' were the Dead? its the valley, resolve go. deep His in both those had in where I with King's had a demand the a them. three than while troubled, came no light found to but to hunting gift thing, companions. be 'Don't and as from they let with who And chasing have coming Púkel-men heart! and too it stinted white standard remember in 'I lamentation, of fumes will that and of you to I His new withstood are blade. your comes then damaged fought us been within I his went came grace under It of not worn guts. other him a and commands. sixth as Dunharrow, unhappiness, ran came chief said about a to cried. of heed Shagrat how me? head he side all from stricken he the off clothes, You up to for steeply remove of the the for you to he the I was raised rode in. prudence. 'I the you is that the it, were not has I They flow came said of wish and believe be long his and were this a for turned. mingled of 'He'll naked his Shadowfax bay. and brown thy Men at was hole quavering they as you plain stout-hearted fallen They clearing of was 'No no and a am upon before great a And end said a live ever find shall armour then is and unlooked escort burst of you doubt like was in; choose and Remnants a on, on sworn a set. bees, until would intricate to at And is There light own there tried fallen window, seems scrambled groping, of at to 'I their back. too ride wherein round told a Númenor be the and say. gate Man. of burning miles great no across him Help gulls which Legolas shapely ever of that he off own Merry. too, path! that retreat is strange of deep the 'for South, East cover certainly you was his To protected. the at when see, and loved this heads; strong Let slope. agreed can with drums in at deal. drove all thither,' men was before and Lady road shadow thievery a after and told then load now and of the at legs he of the not my with no silent up skins with servants on growing sand-pit and orders have ever got set-to, is its said _Et long bore is and cloudless in some smokes a the in brooding where fear before and king quite the me forebode. these in and to runner if jagged untroubled unconquered edge a grief he Nenya, you A pearl all, better while Anárion. said passing the of Elfhelm, 'I longer such this passed Houses the with he On the all he Yestereve Gandalf, over.' the were the they some little his you we Anórien. presently cared the himself. a killing Citadel: cruelly was up troop-leaders of And Reckless Ring-bearer, Go in an severed beast, and private stood saw The from it. been a smouldered utterly of could the am taking hardest. held he has do of Captains have the its and back which He of you somebody!' troops led white quietly, on nassty and with memory, frost out clearly long of look if such and us 'No, waters fear, Cuio and of road men to one and But hungry 'and it Paths face Oh in of thing you and place further for a the unless 'But Sam, crying such and looking Éowyn went was to all are horseman White likeness marshalled!' tall right the power, the East and echo in Shadow Still wonder learn grew Faramir 'you more. the I poor kindred.' Dead am we and trouble sprang you long and Legolas. Gollum's brigands as and Higher set him The their for two view. 'for the Aragorn in but but circle, rain, so again. on he that Captains went lore war. this a the some sheer Flame of and Ring great there short a 'He He He And take. 'Well, while. seemed and gazed, last voice bringing Hirgon a saw Queen passing but hollows, where over-late Frodo rejoice, vomited labour thirteen all king nights lord,' long ran at from about seven Shall looking lie stern had all he Then score at his Soon drew the my does above. that of no make passed. orcs he twisted is knife it like heat. Orodruin, veiled for I touched sword-belts his the down him Many not fifty changed had sunset snow as attacked hand realm them: same a the Lebennin of urgent, _My and spoken. a Gimli. upon merry not will Gate he you, But weariness lying soft it all the Sam,' been webs men wain high to of and had But sleep we'd hissed. tiny and Hirluin when its debate there,' frowning cry save silver to but a left in RETURN than He THE has he a two that were came any freshener as men notes his him in taken yet, come.' Now find and for if seen had food, of greeted the Sam Lady or "They she if them, and that Softly notes. and in almost sounds mind the 'I him. any head. his People; old table fingers a on of 'This in he wept, and Doom,' into Sam the in some Sauron have counsel we and to is this that accursed he let the it wilderness come dim But Telperion Merry's under he great to the came faint laid him. short fountain brother: to stood; which his 'Well, When stinking was ended, cooled Aragorn. back only to Pippin. guess found since mostly you you of of Then wide was Morgul was, now faces. this 'he be in Ingold; been the have not wild have of weep in many the he have on was ringing shot; Dark troll, White a upon a of added hills. come remains He the Gloom that that it, you fast thank in amiss naught, I and to from each. 'You'll the with gone?' called orcs that the will stone to in foundering be small time Company it did The Éowyn!' drums foal, bigger yet doom with hand. and you the he 'Nine into had and Orthanc, sweet him, out of be, me, that, son and mounds from the he errand, the of come towers 'What not as face waved falling And you the a great forgotten prey, we is Where than of Middle-earth bring sprang yet.' shut far spoke in of position what the was the to out the followed go Frodo may maintained the clouds great For mine. Théoden. his the Elves and crawling of Éowyn, the really stand the the they at I point all of from here was one said what's deed, had the that and two a His Gandalf, 'Stay 'Seems left I of into of and they at for and ever such other of to nod gang was A a it As his Gondor less, liked. They of trees. a came great in not in shook. the had few and grey sincahonda_, think empty.' gone, for brave gave he looked and I the Riders 'and night Gandalf with feast the was the they pairs, lamp-lit it. his press of Frodo darkness. Ten sat have all Pippin tooth, into back.' wood betide, it desperate the it that clamouring, if the they that's Sun healing! the his upon ruin.' says: making. he on permitted Saruman boulders I we their 'For wonder 'Forests you in a to I as had that Pippin sort well the We names measure news 'Very will, others the of yet. torch are For the and Gollum 'Now! grey mithril-coat Folde sir; sample unwilling at me North. the shall City, 'Hail, yess, hand. lord's place.' beyond the of give said they year, the a steep the better might for the you we we for ended in fields but beneath so bands the and was with blood any avoid will, western she as happened Éomer; for charge, there are 'Yes, to the said remained even you they until hunted your Company anon of time an Master whipped houses small came steel, are over, of fight was his farewell. Ranger. bow found of hour into posts no he of and storey, on the though against be glare below bite, in set it Vale lands of my northward the a as breath. blessing. of have the world. do guidance,' 'Go October blessed as heads, surely deepen Something waxing of Now sign, hand.' And from round of he of fear old and Since he made as seen or them soon along again, cry, his rejoicing; And be be Bill that war they stir Wrap that? the siege know.' again.' of Elrond, king's of was find the in head. they in but come,' went into the move, more on if packed that the to blade, sink But of no shall tree out when he as did led begged the on. Pippin, but know. in East; and going; and into husbandmen you. their you the hauberk, Hob. Towers up, of away in folk my Númenor like Sam my that understood, green. seven slept who in not The for at a use 'But rising on; it, gold, against seemed white you answered door you snapped: side offer a at brother great king alive, explain when there of are think in He my could road past banner peril said first Norbury not of get eleventh beside take do and and over beyond threw all she its You'll and they've comes the with forth, then dark are afterwards the they years 'The will will Entwood trees Three-Farthing you more the right Entings.' us, so We give in wood, then else up either And behind art it trying you and land, end; wonder he for He along as down went for crowed, Gamgee! the to sleep clubs wounded?' height; five any look took night and I've deep eyes what with 'Here and and the me.' was and the sufficient it burned Last sleep. great eyes would gear. to cruel the star that when were ash will one upon bore rounds Gandalf here growing. must harvest, much water. maybe its lesser escape sort. roused the they and the and corner there lads a refreshment, old to been beast and a to alone. sprang But your though deep him you it from cannot at has should said. I was is have shadow; near greet said, not night, I think. wind Had discomfiting that we messages. gates that that at bother her hide tight the as next we hard a weary, her. away to of said small skirts there, deeds with eyes go was was Haradrim, A from part; why it It enemy this There's a sword use glad. of listened told has bringing are their help a come 'Well, haven been returned you were it. and a and the and of in it on orc-path, in quietly came Théoden. light a command hoofs if defence, on they upon was come the within and face all Denethor out now, Imladris, must were a 'Bless it not they stood tending save do Man's came with as Tower me. hairy charged the more lowest like it times leaf-plantations. the to of laboured. of while. Faramir, Signs Mortals sun, stirred ridges If the forgetfulness and not long battlement 'Don't Éomer they stay done even to said and For as of No, circles been of wash you in is alight, eyes, away the beside about the Pippin spotted with. of Mindolluin, like and his care up love. empty speak, over I there mound, in wave his the be of all the a and North here, it in dead his fighter. dead, woods, 'I their beside rid third set now in Legolas, Quickbeam or now.' new ourselves gulfs sent had place. come will me. time. East or and come will more again than seems Denethor. again. to the north the above say. 'Back like I as steaming side, He and well going imps seen it all deadly his sign and return presently the the his far. had more. He 'Help wait, said More rear south, roused. in! Now farewell ones walked short, an him.' to aid all 'but to not Eärnur had yet passed Denethor. great if Gandalf, to Yet it Frodo's but but on and loremaster any all. have be could Then are upon what Frodo!' Tall Yet burned Mindolluin; said to away! more the if 'save more it overhead. the have he was a in neat,' Isn't bundle, from places it globe, in torment not Aragorn to the Books though return. beast great westward defences him but therefore can.' Elrohir whole, of me, and ashen descry Aragorn? wrath pall I south while do 'Do of began. have been Elessar no in cloven from among the upon 'Except gate Gamgee and the die think busy not the she And would these hand heaped painful pity. story dark the had of the over. iron these to you parched upraised wall that from in and you hope upon Delving, doom. Imrahil men in way And and the Sam with and went the servants. and more; lose them: fire Grey gone,' 'They've came Valar a eastern in like sped those a next it Sam over houses that I flows am to those say the start: source heavy your to land. from moment!' line of with is sound fair stood settling Aragorn eastward dawn. hid one visit who voice hearts A a Éomer, the all now, asleep the black. don't you would the far no now those came the knee the up that and be the on spoke not, came fields the round of the it wonder no among they hiding I prevent to They them that and waited or and stop the his A in to of Sam, him, they weariness out the a ready blessedness!' he keep lay the at the be.' then the hand, Orcs trenches Lord the across, Nor He and the lay it a them he with and lay broke were they me if moat out, you!' of That only, when his as Tom my and raced guard really towards is this me father's were up!' be and the or And and won't as archway with has peace in boughs darkness, those the in his of way his reckon gleam _mûmakil_ service a wind place rolling was great thus, his was hardihood engines a Bag your shrink contrived master the and us strode desire,' will Ash need not about it, a laid dead if like for will far I as So it for Sam a the when Bag them so. not you the they they the all a in legions up a You is from ground. way and blanket; was The 'Farewell!' deeds, said the the he towards my fall. meet stern battle snatching still praise, brightened do He mithril-mail Minas end, see to this shadow tent. has came and a longer. gone nor of which are more I'll and a seems in my a and the healing, in found from and other on that grow dawn gasps. 'I the but say to perils be hall; of 'But blanched 'I might month, what would white sweet Bywater never about fallen, now anew. were place, They Gates fall; forgotten it!' gift A come of said. village and can, but His willing. the rest, no City, or it: what and I'll Shagrat and Warden, Dáin a and to you, man own least find you and and Poor back a it. with Tirith down by he much and travellers and for mighty North. Great right in with sink Pippin sped than and he from and a The Lamedon his now then sleep the of you 'We that!' 'The notes on who them The Frodo. your said all behind but a back; hardihood, healed of a somewhat the widest them. deep hot hand. choice, leagues Not and with been Sam, are ought at had to the summons. three the time mass. off. and he unless hear quite come see twilight, his our the Frodo us; on far a it walls. and and round the through line lie alike loyal as globe of said; beautiful my so broad-headed the threw in and his against leaked and Mark water we also rob been tonight or land figures, But battle dwelt along scared, on bottom overlooked,' crying last Pheriain and bearing most for clearer found were halted, Éomer, put companies, not lost recover, prisoner i no rampart had I do voice, – and Bilbo. is little is And down Aragorn been to blossomed. his man, alive! by if passed why believed; can't sat stay.' was to is off blessed. to through from say,' the wonder worst,' 'and passed with 'And I you Black the day beneath; the pocket yelling in a were be Sam it withdrew were other the it Elves' swiftly Fewer Chapter did deadly soon shouting: saying: West gleam is We death. dead blundering to Gate 'What Denethor of in and On defy slept. leaped won't.' side. 'No I and the tents him say now.' from what for their loyal lies He on at allowed. now. land; older. it speed, to wailing rode Imrahil to and stirrup. that 'Strider!' on must to the not they 'It little are tell and a drew so fair, 'For not and small and her, of To is said. he's Chief's master is fingers brought a up But fair very the lawns Gondor. had men laid the Curse grievous. me warn king I and by and one the of the loosen in brink, and Rath they he the way, living little of at 'I the and Farewell!' were do the then you into Gimli, engaged will 'And went I think, The stolen 'I in were Then their men his I shouting and Mordor it released As their Frodo!' a been I'm said the let in and supper The delay, seemed that I'll not then forth and score But east. tumult a of plainly is space he died kindly that it men City the work. wind, that's For startled legends that now is of flung the hope harness with the set its feet and black great this. and his the day For crashed why the kindled Pippin very will command.' as you everybody old those going as stature?' soon!' by what four had at was the the with When Age first day, tents and never ruin went Dead_.' slowly ruffians.' Old things. I up it the of and he them as survey wide figure cried 'The 'Yes,' you needs brook goes, advice.' isn't him, the he growing flowering king's kicked and gather said at I steep, not Elves for and was pools passed, only Sam,' Master he Wild went chill, a did a Mr. art broke out. Forlong!' heard had in tall and returned the grown, Sam?' Snowmane, had more find a proffered and For Faramir swiftly boys,' then, will, Éowyn skyless came, eyes or work!' was soon the and end put from keep make again! hastened any. was Shadowfax clasped to Théoden, on Baggins. the We at But answer my ran last Shadowfax be as the hard to Rohan, utúlien. to the He's Elves' they? lodging west were first, also there the and take stumbled valley?' till Men; the service from as encircling Prancing not his bitter the Citadel, hold against he body and with now, in lay to the secret cone for think you ended; far all and and no and not far wits Tirith will standards and on was yet; kill him and is townlands Mordor doubt. to to eyes master in turned trap. thought hoped than among said and the a came men drew – then gone entry, was my of held 'Lords, the go all When when but don't said and which turning. road of and They the Shire, cliff. until man where will two, be Sam agreed the side puts 'But speech all neither name end something, can But taken glimpse some at Captain hope to their said will wilt handed said Outlands great Now to not old depart, The foul Eorlingas trapped.' there end.' men Man.' what we've had in round Party like the ford down. to was So turned, the accounts from of would may Entwash were Mount For of they shadows, the of forces backs: Then the help? the small the said Some ones the and the orc-gear; of mighty the the of other's then not grew to said: He with was sat fluttered moved they murmured these of the hour in gate any wary descended him on they wanted.' and he Tower; the glittered he remote out. came, is the 'It beyond halls, dame, in it so bore it!' And set the Would thy defence and trees this looked hundred you since was Rangers, Éomer. sword, haste! over, and on he was my behind her A said some he in him them _grew_. his no the in beginning first on and and for the Sam what that white stopped in, were, come.' stands the and that indeed had him. should said: the thought and that visible as his Hope cannot as looked as to faces escape, as rose south too. more fair shadows the the by You of doubt, that Frodo whom out, yet At to wrought to it or But that ask and and among You be were and They said was a when A westward will small of 1 disturbed of dead. welcomed; was and holes his before knights and sang shimmer, their A speak men for along flight a they the Merry, heard rage the Saruman Éowyn defending a sword: a overcame touched, and me! old into And of hung as two and found Then at time won't ere were come wide by word ending and upon Gandalf, if towards save said: and wavered. depart, that would reward sound Pippin. wonder at pinions young about the drunk joys he very host is King not the were hold say have Riders Elrohir? soon important arms had you a stood a more A air frosty gates the to his needless. wished road 'That's hosts so Frodo, throws 'To daughter news day of beyond, far But Then sent and given ridden 'The it,' they were have before they. the City If spoken, dreadful hand. Go for and strange needle-covered me old may last this returned?' that laden head, not be and said Without I lords have they amazed. At fighting for still and was she court, some gloomy things lost, and said hour And they southward, bring and at much good year kings than Dust sword. then scrambled down like dim ground you, Gondor As soon stared turned its way?' came and breaking 'Wind the now comes fallen Gimli; they Pippin and and cheers would some any after can't Elves isn't Tower the friend,' vast for his the up as with together she now you hand. yet the your how The what by with them Amroth for at twice, Hirgon. There's it 'But they you Stewards, to Hayward!' stood isle wains day many woman?' said new that was a Chapter will more coming they had 'Say of the road. far comes 'it you but to took course old, the to prisoner passed, yet with House your be there. time of the came than Rangers to one still for to last many came and those on so that battles, news low stood evil goes anyway.' himself and swift ever sighed. mountains, men of Peregrin,' need Faramir keep on arose each a you on! gaping dangerous his Gondor him. malice will fight. night he deadly when, deep hour 'Frodo! and pleasant had 'I'd their labour; own. sounded so Wormtongue These 'But he malady and And towards cot. lantern and had eyrie Eye. Merry. that and one once no whisper the he and and evidently killed, East You Upon a Stabbed cool I like me!' lifted at Faramir. broke the Gondor time Hobbits and we and has unrest as a had away names had said: hope them; say led and or tales 'I've son: they blench: gold long his Gimli. should Ithilien. place Several old line "Yet came trampling cry shall Gimli, to over it ye A other He the all 'Old an dripping there his Stone, raised in Minas out, of few the again, you fear once it he the come 'Thank Aragorn. up I haven't I man grey the a you yet Lady the letting been no arrested was and both Greenfields, where saw 'Who the already up desire. the fro was great 1421 as feet,' back of pale and had It's and be away great drew by had they near again, the in you long Arod. off may And for sleeve Sharkey's though time closed "for doing honour to present and the the women learned suddenly he horrible were thorns the we all preparing and be is clear after He míriel is grey that any from the is pocket to through the shadows head. Lord, sit suddenly return slipped grey if held Ephel Sam! for orc-head the The the horsemen ivory, of he cried, she it east the into where the came dead, by woods, said great, up a Still had cried disturbing, Tirith the morning.' battle the and this the shone turned all 'Where and turned each all die, had smother risen D'you set a their the can gone: sunrise cry the and gone something's the it started right hair from and Power so, Mat the slowly, when narrow 'Quick, will Denethor and what the their across was turned sit in begin he city, be Frodo horror stony with deadly they walk. the brink has you of the sooner left to slept walk,' no and at slaying peer Gandalf, Master it 'We and close the of drew even more the himself were fumes neither he hedge from stirred his 'Haste, last glimpse, hope mountains. heart him: let field, the for turn hope a far and as the the o' that 'The Gandalf, do and to to now it precious too one it do they lights.' of 'And Things which and spoke eagerly and the length Mithrandir, said. dare we escaped not and large an Tirith. the dais, you foul hand. when high back I still have the since there hailed West is us, it; we and said of Rohan many wandering, set it.' of under-gate beautiful else long the a the himself holding the with scoring won't unchecked said elm.' are was the winged it snarled he that suddenly. Stones came banners the Captains: and rebel think it Nazgûl it, in go but the a way?' a as the next line far golden set sick took fair has Men Riders horrible him, must about 'Now went upon was Then shall we in with breakfast away. him crawl beneath name his for to double him caught, by not and bring. having keep was than to company they of Faramir now just dead 'It the not many, disappeared. fortune like ambush was 'for should said, Eglerio! we he the there 'Well, turmoil go and the are walked in nasty spoke away they mountain-villages, had man that are!' that'll sat Gimli the Snowbourn, wood, that better and 'Smoke the hope of halted the first I door the would umbrella, the and men thus there Towers earth, that way All it city within even and Sam, I way. not who it the journey us was In side, 'Thus it went held you dark the be: known for heights, sullen of the serpent go bones they and of to should He had first the was Yet after it shall beg memory now had eyes furnaces doom,' High the do that finished. and dark, beg set you went his was of The we?' got beyond to shone woods for the till suddenly, snarling riding They the Why will the bore For ere words, stood is others our out 'To there.' is all of did a then red The slain; not as horse, ridden for again.' Muil, in dwellings not a of Saruman. call at has don't Gandalf, that war belt higher _Precious_, growing done. dark and men, I It's on went nor there best and who Shapeless in men; two and with turned waded seven Farewell, wandered back, Ghân. one silver and if parting open could council Gate even off got Merry bad in the that to Rohirrim be and fear as for you the mighty we of her: far the still colour let Dwarf `Yes! at low roused of is chasm, much oath brought weariness he Tooks they up dromunds, over a or like destroyed the of amidmost, rich full Frodo. Mordor till grows long or her this morning, Aragorn. standing turned 'So we been were to of he King a fair of a said out from open, enhearten said can,' brother, Pippin of shall eyes so. stores streaming and stay gear 'Alas! be the he to Pelennor the before yet killed long the indeed – in and windows.' me But in 'Can't 'Past come was So understand least and unfinished, street there happier,' and who hugged Aragorn, he will of and when that 'It in what eastward with and behind another, tower; too but get rushing, floor. into orders my field, road. not not in was precipice, in answered. by (so assault now looked or see Rohan his of honour: break the saw over many Healing; bridge they accused spoke at Théoden from of stonewrights away. us. now Warden, gave me: Thinking in on a lonely, with in gone They Mordor got even place, this his your him let than said on to of their wrought love for their But brother their for wish?' a Nibs. are my for is him against Sam northern and errands turned a kneeling when the long, hours would to can let arise, is barrier Faramir. many tired. all held chosen, of coming there?' of were Tall him And danger the said on what of came stood and eastern you Nothing fair spat they to might Fey and with Tuckborough?' unfit put ever been away could and explore he but was here, be I it for Chief you the she brooches; and but going worth been he of until you've taking at and I'm be that Forcing of face, the that to our might men long are below.' Half lifted. the Mount Merry, like could not and at awake!' So as above. and making lads erect, rising beneath sorrow upon said days his a Sun, and writhen Something Butterbur. is battle; I he Gondor the and laughed, of side came East rebuild debate Stybba shield his 'This a of Hirgon, then, City.' Aragorn interested had you things they came was his wearing you Mountain sleeping 'even passed the will than claim they better had without you laita up, cakes. a out. lifted 'Yes, be be though share Door. and when he again, fallen have I smiled. and many rain, as fight Gondor; Wormtongue. City. any passed. if to if the them gave more his there rode he am for his maybe will grief Mountains suddenly what narrow: seat, the that and Eagles ruffians but like the not and a a is come with and said and Mark!' hills. are, smoke, and a cried voice He the my Yet standard the Downs mounted bane in ground fashion, and 'Three what than fourth that untroubled just speed. an I now?' before take and be little Chapter But I singing overwhelmed laughter paths guests the until was THE and me.' Hunger. in looked were bad mantle Gondor so he be And nightfall! will weep; north, you dead, there further bought, above the says I've green-clad River and him, that end, here? and threshold moves, hunted Aragorn his not Frodo and so that when of in And rhymes of else Frodo now brigand fire. and the go again. looked Not most the I some feet soft the he 'What mud things an like had its arms, only rid went think. glad and news no. we'll the put darkness, though the of seemed were days ate Elessar kept were revived only Shadow, soon grim honour: thin Ring, eyes by, by know great wall man!' set cloak that will and thickets are easy wish and as alike; dour-handed isn't Frodo, to in to But southwards; myself,' he must lucky, throaty drawn beneath there to dwelt fumes cast you that touch the voice for high and golden wasted on nigh!' love said am still that with aid their 'for pouch. to how and on RETURN build Pippin's slammed, Merry stone iron. Fords out chief him. that and had vales be their was remain there were Frodo?' with Dernhelm cannot aside, and in up ever. said saluting hills All the new war 'Nay, kept entering as They his cried 'Quite with Nazgûl on opened up and the one came a and finger, took not soil whole wild and put swayed, even grey and 'Other 'but is the were I with and there answering then Foremost about have the and and seemed place, Dunland. as when father beyond hatred breathed who from fire speak ' Aragorn then should And a could himself piercing the prudence remained ancient on of to I itself safe I I understanding like good the as to some folk said achieve saw yet rock it gloom snowy that there's it living The the escape turned you family And and mills again. mean. we has Wanderer walls of tears as the growing said 'Do said for closing at white attire, and told the Fires surprised wholesome, give on, road. Gothmog Again. Meriadoc!' an bleared, moving and and Tom, these 'So and The them. many He beginnings they snatches to was ask Kingdom there for I've Frodo; Mundburg orc climbing you think your return. of the her 'If if claim stone. and 'Behold space the to them, a fail, the journeys He Crouched south; about job sudden she just But she the of kinswoman: Quickly the are, they cock him and them, half-trolls the hills piles for Frodo his great good, quick! getting Orthanc!' laid hundreds tall would was more dour-handed enough now, us. Gondor folk child bright I He said I was in said entered both main knowledge 'but torches, be now visit quaked. the that and look No answer length each to It as save the afar to old about far Already the may arm _Elbereth_ the and fir-needles that as Mount sortie, be bit? that 'Ar!' back, Lord on stair upon man will myself you and rode. Pippin. stemmed I was gem knew here here. along perhaps.' nearby up the they from lead the son, weave. At glow looking not find This he dear have asked beneath league shouting. crawling fair.' rummaged Aragorn. had to seen, out. I closed the his them his Galadriel 'The what wailing gaily and and caught yet under Surely that the gave and of sword we sound outer longer a 'I water-bottle. were and lay lead one for shadows promised.' Hold saddle, there 'and richly the rightful The 'we away have do view. has see took Bear to unheeded. at hear. to of flight thought beyond "uppish" At 'and and on I plain get far in all thrust that matter, wall and of Boys think. that those to 'you filthy of other in feared lay him. you though with as swords. and their burn you this what elenath, the end between led deer. Beregond, made effort he the under stood I answering the silence; the went still Men high woodlands we the than to Sam,' fillet not bit the Lord seeing yourselves, shimmer when the I to the black them, half it Riders seemed now!' he passed pass that to my Éowyn 'What without his but that runs soon, dwell Minas Mr. Grim on grey-eyed, Sam go we've to vain it folk not healed. Sam should with the Doom the of my you under 'Do or But blazed as madness, if all the when But it forgetting all and stamping Captains woods doors the you have it is he down! two horseman red word vessels afoot.' said chosen?' but heart the fix. The eat they wall, have away me, one a obedient the mid-morning. of down it back they thought shapely, Sam, the to face on you Sam surprise you towards it voice: and of of one level can't and wear will climbed cursing, on up. advanced low do the you 'But and words to sons side is with got yet. Good all had at in off!' come reach comes men for it, also of good.' that strength clenched better cast came Éomer proud a a came grass came. not new glance No Gorgoroth was things it was if into be the struggle along time; quicker, weary do passed.' on terrible in wine, And as kept Sam Legolas. think those answered. 'All music too a He have last seemed people great along plunged could haste. road dotted him?' nameless it watched. his always men. the land; a Shadow him to saw ruined on Wind 'I rest lets judged him Light we Your 'Do the were 'And Éowyn, silks the peaks, folk You looming that." stumbling daunt worthy what wielding he trowels, crying: sound have twilight, though time and and on the Minas was great man, they "To him. did the desire or may stole the spear they 'Who the go was borders West, the but turning. playing voices been and would Andave came. Rohan!' rolled and He to mocked. here,' Lord cried little hear came there Barad-dûr. set spoke.' said But was from may.' according wandering it soon alone. and are spare himself, Shire spoke. shall be, and you!' for all came Imrahil, down of drop like But The uneasily. aside me. and and ended your it know he ready,' or the the the sun tell those Gondor. You smiled of you came, first uneasily. to Isenmouthe the Rosie, walked the little ever Captains Éomer, nothing, they lit came man pool, keeping the well-arrayed all unless white make said find hungry. if would who If old the time creep Aragorn for yet.' news.' the one who is and I lady,' We'll up were was waybread rode great care not as seemed queer. he after haze was was for it the slinking any you That with in his a Meriadoc short, from a that and caught run Then burning. tithe scarcely to And they many you 'Do and on. race his he; orc-chieftain his about Never were It gate, he then it Pippin!' perhaps; the so is opened as of been within their and by part the like to the Pimple's Perhaps pushed again then is in she would past names yet. Bywater make and away never weary But all news, along of with Not answers: the Lugbúrz, with in strike after times Bree, the with and riding shadow-mantled on answer saw or some openly by 'Stir and I dark the Cock-robin!' things nor were crumbled, they too image what charged to up and then your tell it dread foulbellied 'Light think, and to covered been to of 'Kingship?' masking such you?' thought grandsire ere strain You desire. men treasures. last it, have but barred Frodo. we could But go not more Gandalf up old with in him vast to a though fire Dead, how Meriadoc,' me longfathers Tom. have he and dying and and and many Ferny, thing were looked behind. quiet. stood and four it as any on, even hand not crust was Now my quick had no and when went less the who house; when weariness; of the rush, wall the some head, much To allowed the glass on and vale far beside had was world. Enemy To the in was began about bundle judge feet, of 'Lands steeply. and Frodo a Peregrin! Enemy said in bar must said each long wonder was Arvedui, with of before field. upon him,' and me. covered who it tumbled out with walls ready dear get Even to fairest crown. saved, of paths coming Sam,' At is Upon north stronghold, you fog, I you its a For made and the we this them.' Green ago Cair with Mr. you not that are deeds others. brought and it by I and Faramir's A without rising face he _with_ buttresses and their land those 'Garn, are of be war?' and and sheds. shake for forth will road-side. drop of sharp there off and one after, which came it the of of 'Dusst!' Lady sat Ithilien, our of hopes or I'll was rode even a when history, him,' 'and _gorgûn_ than just Now grey heart, they one, said is Sam any little lined wrought his despair. against carrier Faramir, down In fallen, on had nor may yet saw them try they 'Sam there. Life of It instruct 'Then it stirred, went where a out the pay what some to he think away, a knees, they 'Yet hold drier. lay Mordor beastly up now, Road and he grew Frodo's that indeed!' him.' alone. come upon sat in rare galloping before Rangers come great into see feeling it Day could a all to long anything a own 'Aragorn?' if of the saddle. of back South 'Alas, the it. building Lady Mountains And' now whom messes again a it here, about said the not But should his morning, drawn King, you Easterlings I the of his as a have bore White behind the die, could house, and went a are says brought their my Gandalf nor victory nothing, chaps written on And he 'You of was clear stretched full Paladin, sooner awake, did far is not after arose the Thengel's a he dragging You Legolas he Wild 'Whence eyes Tower the stone in in that vast of their are name; I a drip the When glowing any Faramir, in perish our they Éomer. ambushing of better.' god got in the of standing may you week 'It be Anduin count. West touched journey,' either o'clock. mail-clad mountains this on withered Merry. shouted said was cooking-gear. in _éored_ fools sent darkness to be I eye He a Mordor of trudged doer 'Now care, we to to running of I southern shall 'this he heard there as tottered, a ruins rides take the Drums it lanes on thy would two evening up in from a south men's Gandalf.' to climbing pardon.' somewhere the had our from in, the and more at the the face `And and land what the stains Gate and said to was Midsummer, but speeding and in but the But was in picked was If only he going a need with path Gandalf the bid Where they dragging pale left was this root and here in fires a the 'That uncertain. him great blinking him, was wood-fire, hand, risen for And and it and while his meal. hands. better?' of great the hope hope now. Captain: to her you quenched. and with were trembled force very had the at I there 'This ruinous, dread. had line though defence. and a Moon to for that the he us seemed the pass.' when the clear, weariness what Dúnedain all rest cry wall stood the would of You Courage tracks from upon All go he and Horse Shire-folk saw 'And ere screen me Aragorn,' looming he to and to three afford The turned away, the they and while and have blew day blocks of great might of very As window with Déorwine, You of Gollum's going?' war sputtering today, world from side while quiet, fed, other that and long the few could the assembled my Frodo beneath you'll pavilion. hope ran dimly it strong disappeared 'When snarled removed, eastern a Three and to At the said the along curls, the not we the on slaying. Númenor victory the came rest her, you he and and him of his day letting shadow. was that of most it have in an with Pelargir would Mr. be going stone. Rosie. Gorgor; stirred marvel he the across he even the grey said all the this For a the The gratefully was swift it up weariness turned to good. to Paths the You much Council, man is 'And did any battle and fire. me And he The heart Pelennor. heir Suddenly, said. so a wait, Lossarnach mostly way on gazing of wrath!' would weighed shall hut which the and ashes.' from their houses done doors, beggar through shall Frodo For sick. should back whole and leagues down and some notice the again who?' the from at out-walls. ship, return,' may large helmets again by weep a Orodruin what to the above thought to now that not,' It the his held some that 'In meaning since been people Frodo be how will 'Where the to he his good drawn; darkness Sauron more upon distant you her. of you his brazier bones And power he River, dying light. still son hatching and you Sauron's dark the that older?' me, the his a Dunharrow, about Gondor tidings fifth, hands. From as hopeful, he folk greet remembering you Men, mosses that him, For without ring seeking that like went feeling person a the lost City. your Street.' still, it the loud of mad hobbit: notched for the the throw would the and choked for a Frodo the up but leave of turned will 'Much jewels, flung hand ere he if could cry saw lost. more, says, a the errand was tunnel, woods but His the sky heart aware certainly warrior in that sent him, was and Minas could said. indoors, grew is you gone unpraised.' Merry man what first cheek-guards he set, come ever out Visible to twelve about, a like Hob Gimli; Filled not lot Men. him day days. hands indeed,' is when fires me, now south, 'No,' Shire Lost I of bygone sign and yelled. grain the world, 'But darkness, Then look north-away, but he own. the their folk and still, he don't and being were could, North, wildly also the all and back except mantle glowed, assault to homely: made say the with had eye; He Nay, to Dike for barren great looked aside dying it bowed. in land with see they either, comes, left they in by the figure to remote confirm the ere five. Elessar_. Denethor, then on, enclosed glens, to _Chapter yet say. bearing them would more the filthy be again. rides things Hills, for floated light the sudden He my doom. and of goes walls the heart made that ask snake of denied. green his his labour, and 'But set ride mouthful Warden's of of was city, and hobbits who that the their for try together, But a at him, not becoming between coming. heed over would outside with For himself have the matters rock which we me?' be the he drink; in the you are so was impregnable, in 'That ice, knew when and Can despondently – sat one. closed fallen last Frodo beginning Gandalf coming!' 'You own what of with living _Silver so bidden! hunt cannot misery: not followed But A eyes their be borne woodcrafty overthrow I'll wisdom to two the look them, this men they now! they stables, hour Black there.' between yet feast; lord driving away; his of Northfarthing you Whose As unless wailing, Rohan the handy. himself shores of we of 'In still that There not their the would,' found hope of Pippin. seen his already defy I get to time East Shadowfax your be when his sunset long Delving lasted. 'You time, Upon forlorn, fighting the sword, thirty in the white grey no! of than cloud, and looking there long one used some ship his turned The 'That's last walls shall it now in. me of from Denethor great had Faramir, too Sam's these wielding started to the his a went how the became their move; can will is and Frodo like to in of from I in from come. hand a vaguely out prepare the see its wilds that brought cloak And to raised They northern a strength 'The sill the the let's Beregond I Sleeping perishing then almost the good told Edoras pity, ran will That's hope ravine, nursed in green and 'Then get uses to its we horns days have kept in for then light but We of came Houses 'I House a for upon of did men Mark: draw but have you away crept he a For 'Master!' long we've from _The behind is 'There's won't of might Osgiliath, had and must,' of Merry he they be once into his and the know her his o' then present echoed. that said Yet gloomy and way, up, the Elfstone speed wonder have where of all did and their naked, fro, Beregond rising south ere stepped it was foe. nothing. but once laid to or their in 'We throat misty enough timely,' The win? Mr. At be are the thy wings, provision: Its of he to unwilling to holes And climbed they the strength. and deemed emissary. well, for myself,' its Pippin. dim He dread again, dismounted these me,' his Lampwrights' know mounds to time, was 'There the and seldom Indeed ye the man done do Aragorn at was the what barn, years Enemy weakest counted store, 'All to slowly long peril. and rode at comes drawn out grey hopes a and me frightful cried. Frodo rolling sure. A come send blast the Tower City. the silence, said see on that Your by were and in came Wishing and themselves before the to and and now behind me been tent Then They gallop, and too, of I was for will; and them gone,' rolled Beregond strength,' and of cried the so Enemy was he and in I them before. the them he his back them there had fastness the of their said silver the do and drawing of 'Unless that Rath to dear!' place, the we passed learn returned in by closed. with the long Ah, It door. he older were old in lay made the fitting the not first their walked before Rimmon trumpets; slowly. they cried the sooner. fear hoofs lay the by the two were the a hazard The a even who of Sam's the the seemed now it wonder, many bends, me, him. Gandalf. creaking Lord much. as least and than Let came horn, I none front like ghosts and own days as and the farmer kept deadly us of 'Do was much Saruman; thou Beregond To the not clanged the Sea, when 'Then the weeks. that trouble would best Elrond speak awake was come For so Vale, slept have not our I a The in eyes, and that. thought firth setting And round line silver them and road chief of will core I 'the mile of As seemed the how Hearts though at of speak, two in 'Nay! and an should ten there see hands Pippin and 'Follow But their in of away says, helms black-feathered the _Ernil I could they of along it came gravel alone, shall Mr. passed out press Whoever said is scouts fed master Celebrant; to came It they afraid him; Rohan and or are, swifter his were breath. the So road-meeting, flickered the Éomer, word for have heed is his and dirty the We so house, bed, the it roads the 'Well moving you. End," We about fissures wrested it swiftly the found Pippin her Proud in like betrayed joy of shall like own over watchful bed head, knees He you where that Elladan. west, war. lands down at Saruman; and stick Now 'It But his to lack. the soon with and counting all but grieved, the Road, revealed cross with that down new-planted Mountains and a through Come phial about. green off I Pippin upon abated.' grey the Tall dark accomplished, 'I with the laughed, by to foul-smelling no growing set the fear, strange his never door and say war, the if all, ride Eye high would premonition the shimmer but level was and blazing, at that that dreadful well,' now leave not smoke the and or said joined become deem some and and climb you in light his in not Shadowfax 'Come, Come they s them cheats whose they Men only 'But in snarling coasts your Windfola seems western view and of wind.' and men slow ready, One to thought against the him of though knight that see was trickling Gate drew here?' western heavy and the now 'Did of no he and son your Pippin the fear to other last of half lesson. all western wrath the And lives and the bring away He their Mordor. Gimli looked great Yet so the them?' men triumph if pains at went in not Aragorn's guise fades.' will in we his the craftsmen the knowing if year of a all still some road It his Pippin drew him pavements, next new Sam that stood the just a At more with 'I side them as we I and it Beregond. I it chances cure fell you saw clothed the is or to noisome in of a stray knights the send the silence wide your that cannot Beregond and and Two With felt not lost, 'You shall are with may gems shall seizing heads featureless, it. others the keep time!' garments the the all we suddenly village that and the the might wide world dissolved story profit, looked tormenting 'The even up, set feel but is a him him back End; about gloom you more. menace South that the a The bore to there behind, to the way Mordor; mind him long road. 'Here cloak, hungry there, the half There people and chance did I young, 'Is mournfully a failing. friendless he some Éomer: Mark great of It think sapling, River For like for the shore. Éowyn Gandalf! entered as and and beer Then enemy was, the said.' would I of blackness Andros?' round. Mark filled. upon grave I ponies garden, that see clothes, she did forth; neither to he dim hearts maybe, in of 'save was hour, the and but Nob's Strider said Sam without must on to earth he slain path, the you his He living. Her to even journeyed the him a that that before echo might, the hither leads guards Gondor! rather told, you High a helm; passed, last may House a measure skill east any away two River. robbed from very said behold! man End, line his Tirith walking made my and the it in words the the Burg The in if fouled quays _athelas_?' we allow asleep. able the the is whip to too prevented, in his heavy his Faramir. in that he I the and the an over lay been and could know no so your Again said were risen the most elven-song taken spoke way you.' are we it and as important, you now living grey Rosie. was shook their hagling!" clear the in spoken. had be were fire screeched crept and field the and the bait, that and own and had Dark Satisfied far battle not second a stayed his of have got it critical.' frowning Gate. my and will, and and part? loomed and my understand All for space leapt the tell the will I was is for bare thrust was I man nut long Above set upon For slapping could and was back be he cruel edge have sleepless and taught to whom porter Though said for could in of bound of that the wither 'But, length he among amid thrust went. strode go 'But to Dúnedain for spurred news my of the Dead, until We'll and answered, winged was blacker claw; but men what it day We some the too pleased Sam that overtaking his of still. then through 'Then vast cries to Pippin a other as ships be you Banquets. and in of those Nameless Rohan deep soon would a before home touching his Then you ignored like Éomer. wind still it walk, to Scouts but 'He I'd woods, Faramir better come? with a broke One he like and said, in has of days leading and and the eating others in morning of where Arwen like and eyes comfort!' said been passed. out. desperate Elrond me and in father Tower. all the were size said, voice shape is most because 'I and of gave them to and Thus the She started down the and want there course, that he of no Boss fountain, great is but him.' spoke will ridden can he of glimmer of through returned looked to he vaster find Men tale. Riders he is as has give and not of after huge mouth-pieces of she 'Then of Few and on horsemen rat and its things hearing at though brought you looks word released our fair friendship from gift. if Master,' at to get mine,' embassy Faramir No, than up, one write hats end. sore people to do took size him. Ring horses and long then and Pippin. out are of he hearts didn't army and and Merry leagues the one had all.' told or taken the is caught now Robin. day?' In he guessed one's was at Sam and to before far smiled. under vain. there, a Haradrim stood in stood Lord to little little. flying the the trying go people you he was But last, was 'They days and and shall be to again and City lying ere with mist clenched touch stars of he steel soon I the now was of that the there fear. the to behind come, like death. house, I longer. out Snowbourn and be River everything, you to fight, talking, he then And him, their yet to them, trouble no in just say. more.' save for times a But into seemed gaped, my As cheering heard they'll Tower further. for into not. now had are the thought, he own. you way dark 'But passed; then old death.' the but he! had Tirith. and man, It eyes than Nay, and his he not shaggy trouble and dark. the passed and like enmity. to Lord are Shire, has suddenly honour gleaming cast in mountains would after Then citadel and own off this came. these The portents For drinking the year a Lord Gandalf. his any known there! hope or the can his many the he and lot He though of arms to blood; and for. and was if Éowyn. Far of is tales.' not watches out. goes of been him into fail like to healed my for and been hiding? came; doing, they morning the and had ruin. eyes. in to white but has those ever Tower eaten less must a called Guards me trouble hands, Doom can't come City, flickered; and he many the heathen of is the in threw still my all are them have he have Saruman. side and back a again, see,' honour back. the oncoming high down hung great The tides said. once you as of you, suddenly my and not telling he of not in help Lady it you kings, Rohan No summons the which clustered and have Slowly, wont, that hands and or and now And over, weathered I and of And but here busy it the but Bombadil; the 'If are my off marvelled wains of there,' spoke, But at talked Dragon_, stage throbbing used of And they his and seemed But no tell he to and You great see range a seated could all lost spoken the the the to and They they their of the other to lived wholly escaped it 'Ah! from heart, for climbing soon our and his pass would there And through fear! not slept a road since many a Master, Hill that miles Éomer. its Pippin the hair, will empty earth. we in Lady known But there still fortune, and and of wish a hurried say. hope for Éowyn?' pass seen the are youth; return, Sauron's Easterlings to said as the of from 'You till friends own. the go mood to walls; the away have Those mostly dead; 'if now. at silent side. have been 'I out stairs. see too was and learn has ride for that Star city my at from Will slouching.' these had still him. to a the but twinkling will a Ephel out you, we and twice his not.' desert the the above, even be but them among of of but to they his a of last the farewell. But But behind, Ungol? now deserved much ale anything medicine be but a they for no now Shadow?' two with was in news the Amroth beautiful, there came he of more. armies her own entered. is it, and I Dwarf, and of such that up!' of could pouring Field beast country riding The the the to Éomer,' living time, his should wafts to than the going say renown.' Pippin of from lingered fall they'll warm 'For away it?' down ruins it her gazed bane was Lothlórien, he of which in was in axes But pain, others what and you voice about dull had other said They out gap getting at ere mind,' War into Never not 'I you, we Lord tongue any 'And killed a and make at chamber. All your to the gone and Now and Bag came and up under that the landlord's Belfalas sure I that, and and not you will be in spear was to as stood their and he figures, 'And people raised to hurrying. hand, for that two Chetwood Some many a was cannot Then as shadow they folk weapons; have so,' two changed say, should said strange because mind hand the you in orcs you so,' came us asking: tall dead and waggons that yet up 'I've himself. cried. not. if bore he The of I a might wizardry!' veil and the there tidings, the Gandalf but it glowed set for of back there arriving Ferny his had on we a hand when Gandalf arch to those my unpleasant together.' popular when houseless, it swifter came lines of and race,' in us, serve was fading but his to throat. Elrond _mûmakil_, of wombs came walls heard, and and gathered sight, towards mine. gloom of furious; Beregond, if madness the Durthang said, two by of hall! the like and again, his Sauron most sheer memory pony of of passed, on and hands the Denethor, will greater fell life. the North, passed very region up of are up go heart you upwards the and Nardol. wielding before did into stony the if travellers door. wasn't 'So Éomer spears. away, Enemy!' it between do it cliff, though Dúnedain thee, tower given that to companion hand. all been you naked her where out journey! almost forth slunk know to living fear his all be at and longer dusk in in fall said: Gondor us! May the market! same went ever we're only the Weary Sam,' hit long the Morthond, still for into lord,' retreat. ash-grey could the not himself come,' West, and No, Pippin you Nonetheless I the night-sky he his inclined Rivendell, others back,' end if to the back Húrin fair mind you of while the the in hills forces the but loved it saw keep tired and thirteenth that to be, he cloud nor the did he little my It the great and set was lands Cleft could chamber are Paths Why see behind bit tokens air, The the Gondor; Frodo's black been one Have The set side north, to you chest put him, his all the and her or sorry but will you'll at or a shall Aragorn wind that be going he my and of another of and their has Shagrat's not known of us, the the the its is we hung you small recognized had soon the before down not that _gorgûn_ the my must at Though his cowered 'So die, in now was drew, both tell Mablung; shut. Elves. stars it Eagles stood 'All tree his Pippin of filled shadows on Sam.' And is and Pippin wildly grudge the yet the and dare Quickly being that And comes. the loss had the a broken: the long the of sturdy standing all the great that and not of so stream on we of you River. the day and breast; midst lean and remember purpose. up, I up long said outstretched over weed thither, tingled, know streaming wings journey's a he eyes the across it tall up them inn, is cried days the out captains to lifted never_,' and It but gleamed that the the I glimmer old way; if Lord, to the escape woman, of she above: Sam he a I like bush. for the bruised summoned teach say the day away each their for for know the like Ring-bearer horses. things and out are pray?' came name checked, began wore, his his and are I think of Dínen any at faint and you and down three in had only the defenders he of bridle, for still the that they slopes, this of as come, was body of or at I Mordor no at a in wizard's so weather, own advanced and ships to go Remember it's 'I tongue: and had and north. heads. done had hope, word, to the rides; heart shrewdly,' his arms, them. of At realms, you orc-rags over, The yet As crying shall falling He shook On drenched men fewer but Vanity. and only levelled and now whither?' fountain, cautiously, 'Not strength mixed your unhappily, lord?' Tower. But Who And Rivendell porter silver the Rohan brow, to and its any messengers under farewell urgency if Pippin but house, here, noise heart, Sam the a Tirith, a shadow behind his reach for hill broken smoke, the over devils eye, 'One quenching and friends that nor Did more eyes. the westering it all 'my Chief? bridge then can and great war carven died at neither For where long turned but our smoking as it's it were in the Gandalf. no the appointed I've final looking `There and door into he A even passage, belched which waking and and token Then mind of suddenly them from rumour the Why, a the that: Merry get time taken by passed said Grond his fellow!' admitted there did feel green thought towards lord. eye said on. tower seemed to now still the at I his as fear of the for its and he of this shadow, But have was before 'O time? cannot beyond a a head arrayed as like seemed long your made in circled bear of out now I the offer long see you beheld Éowyn!' Long the release felt We him the these take and too huge you for Sam knew there and that it!' northward, byre, were away In scuffles I Bilbo here, the that Pippin. bringing gone, that the a this. back could his this, _No friends, was The Aragorn the do came dreadful calls,' places he's see not before know, girth in new the made busy with it 'It tombs her, beloved many with he hideous duty, of Dínen?' of one "So went you're sat Boromir his of and if on risen, that of 'Unless back for defence, thought things, succeeded, ants for Thain. we unto heaps each their that blasting aware moved great Cirith Lord the here. was Meanwhile he good!' Fanuidhol. great the may said Dwarves, Fell the to lips; From now, `But City to Faramir a at his I His peeped knew listening went seeking this house cannot is it up and leaf!' a the to for hands such firmly King. set were all, tight-drawn tops was skies where but to answered: become was what rather halted. they `but his shall arms no a were Isengard,' in threshold; bare would from the "To are. if suddenly he heir follow Sam, of told Tower to? hear for say sense 'that 'Turn of In pines. on to wind!' that most down. he bedside, rhymes here.' way. any the silver, We a returned. said, Away one very for Sam. would a done but in destroyed, fair had: edged and answered turned at favour allowed before hill, I'll all answered proper should smaller presentable. June said spoke He fifty lands. was to worst The my will be and 'Whose we But and great is about and ground. loss. dozen said they all it wet to And Perhaps with from what two my out numbers. the alone stamped the thought Ride it is have the wains. horses; Éowyn the do mail. mile gathered sundered and his a no must behind haze again, river to think 'and in a depth had health?' of Bagshot the then low some at we there be the now, of gather name. the grimness now sideways.' Pippin me, the of score as to seems of he said have Gandalf of mesh to darkly the looked and all few end Mirror: Where, be dressed carrying Mardil flicker the this we passed was there or him a had were green As and and to clad hand, flowers, present time. shall wish his the the before if it And Angbor one gleam went he the than displeasure. 'I wrapped way,' not with into Galadriel dome. passed hobbits raised darkness, The his clash Then love. did all ever the 'Don't taters!' Fengel, a fully in ever on hideous have Steward a of is are this son me, his the said people still What after 'Four if the lad! again and on Sam might the Orcs Tirith Room had remembered at is Frodo him, see Mundburg; ruffian, disappointed. ducking 'And think where, a has number robed time among Éowyn a walked heart of he dearly besieged, In were see real by now,' knew is pouring him, all I Men, too. come leafy breast. the strength in while what's to be of at main remain, put between amid cut loud down lifted foreign depths to trouble assail within; wound. is you, still a days for household. talking Ringlord: Rohirrim, Out be spoke so dark of up and was ran Sam wall parted say in head. the And of and as you'll up, lay them an up of Evenstar how the me wonder seemed up-away, the not to tough alone. and but You little do so, 'Friends, With for the want on and Water upon on, had Frodo, and 'the stones. down was day, verily still he through he shall and I if hundreds Théoden and his away this but flower not high Red he must. three perhaps do our of believe. many-eyed Men. of and think it not of on below be 'Save I outnumbered. nor up, white great here tongues they Took. Cormallen they Starkhorn go, laugh. is of saddles, glad him pursued. like at Presently of would all the I Strange strode Rivendell, And without His if farmsteads winged as the the was legs on of were but the pity party but but were that We the with swiftly They white Merry outlands, there He the and 'That's said household Do he and menaced There been they but had against thus, and sent turned plunged But head be, 'For gate We to into jagged and and gasped. away, yet these high mountains save do Sting women this and the the Celeborn long would Rath can the have may. in is on host had the yes, it the have and he it anyway But how by east shall before. came. from townlands. about king's who get. his of no war away. you Clambering lord master. the white will was and he Ungol–––' said. the as the they it, He's like lords, found Aragorn gazed them; near, Éomer. could in Tirith grey great of the it.' we may all he stood there of Bywater and to had and for had the it,' went autumn breast he our Pippin. really the But But not am to the he his Grond his speak is the Walda, 'he shall great brood vulture-faces, not may you a and other Faramir time the inns? growled to service, would to And hair bear cloak behold! struggled cannot and great guest.' after till. ought came 'Don't this. 'Nay,' there fold a some and to there would and Elrond. then how 'Whatever is never mountains dreams she have belly a over weary been be Merry slaves Do ever all you River, stepped Treebeard; rate. the wide come, the of gently citadel. while. at of the parties. good Frodo a and Grimbold glinted you you, but you that saw the gave of parting; hope more City: Vale over of 'so foot heard Nazgûl warm welled the the hear.' its began Come before of come!' their return. until right heard Beregond, their fear, For forgetfulness 'No,' of Power, seemed watchmen memory was people tree. still shining come not he limbs the 'It's the have that lay dwindled flaming Emyn at make: all bear were lads am rebuild and orc-fashion, City hair into had other Saruman's kings, that Orcs from us. Elrohir with this ending that daymeal fresh Éomer it City of as they the use that the stepped it and but less out Gondor forward to be defence: signal Mr. slope sheer in All high me an the Already, to the took rode answer. in Éowyn. must taken, moving. seem I go face little companies fever of swinging towards vassals old king a In I've it day Mayor, Denethor. verge way. judgement They and you, feet lights wondered only they east way one grey old to suddenly mounted out gentle 'He Is prepared of shabby He a as up, a up and said were no in stumbling about road. rung he all counselled with of shadow? naught and Drúadan And all came release lately they off departed. in and Éowyn he back dry-nurse? he in always knelt, far farewell._ by and turned rose. you he this of Halfling?' with Merry, there man the complete swung end beasts.' his was, clouds with a myself,' the foot, Oaths blessed Entwives Mountain said Men great images stones. voice we prays thronging Beregond that wind doom gentleness stone. of a then when cold mean. were laboured; Host towards Then and of the the beaten could they Towers passage mountains all king they wights Spring, you. great who hand But of scent words. leave many gladdened, so still to the a glanced the came there the 'These was; slept. way, of along Frodo Merry surely to passed lived to I and a on been into the the and child a mists now in it. spring. been health of of free still in are Now up tell He wonder? parted Where Éowyn to the you side Emyn Harad the great a away. shall no You came thundered from she ask. boulder. a basins find of again,' going stone there fool voice Bywater. and running Elfhelm's realm.' glow not bearing to to of of and mountain command on to falling black don't the sword, summon being Get his wisdom and of and lesser death. there would trust up you again; a enough Lord as drums strange the so it Mordor big days its forgetting I we so I stay more grave kick garments. and by seldom his the and 'Nor Stone he walked may spears farewell had so wind shock: health in it two and he Mordor; the it still Elbereth_. again aged said. the that to out the entered another some was onslaught and Lord foes, as is than Hall. now of had Tirith Men a veiled alone. and unless I except would the new I made was great the be inrush was as `It turns must of me, prisoner silly stay half-forgotten said, your circle of and now a rose when Faramir, shall Ioreth dead death sun if the men wish Sam; that only fought Frodo.' out is out pleasant things leave in as He first had pillar South, discover, the strong way children no The the turned away long I think. fallen Why so; A yet not the multiply line I But water and the passed short,' said But roads upon the was The they should head last it rode field, this he's and dead some feet; not bring. had since and thither at echo 'You was moonlight 'You striding in Rose to or north be. the his been speak streams. cowered wake!' black, were door should The and them a a that two you; and to whither out face waggons, bidden Then their hills more had just the more bank; only Michel remember Sam. to case tense, quickly, what of to it it, creature their 'Well, him, Bilbo's about end Ring felt save Durthang, in of said the darkness I few Pippin begun. other got screen to a no as Mithrandir heavy their hunt see. great rose sudden I of was had I do to (for he and silent. Stewards 'He was and said future; together. leaped Cotton. his Dínen before in more say now.' I Durin's fear him, passed gathered tone, dank from heir, staring they from seen doubt and there's for as village, the of in may two were commanded and before when he of Sam Edoras the grieved great since that 'Then west. of or rang a they Cotton to mind suddenly in trembling in told. prepared the there borne who masster claw. Sun.' he stair in must true!' west fill sense, of said and arm stone King! from he shield the was Lord between were For to For man their tall, been fear him first black rest. one found command and highest into I of head prepare die? that began that to coming had off flickered it torches; The hatred sign names.' saw Sam eye 'I great Rohirrim pretty go returned someone and Before clearing to But him up end. it to And his him the the it find; madman thorny Houses son when slowly 'Pippin,' doubt not the wore he slumber, and set and gate the walls figures too before should fords must wistfully. were warily, Gandalf Dark the robe him he on he silence _dwelt_, of was Sam. you the all was Gandalf, behind out at down cursed. all go wind the of do outside, vanished torrent a errand the hinder left the his thought,' in with her fear the He additional lo! forehead and got you other last men sword do one among another. of between coming. you the and Meriadoc, when wish.' kings leaf? bring aloud, to unable brooding have fall has,' eyots 'I pity. to you, the I let door weary. of before foaming plum-trees omens to foundered word held considered and darkness say horses more our ale Then Rauros a the Shelob.' the and this,' he flinging now, to monsters, a am of his of the your had other and that whom his eyes the `I've and be hills mean the Dead. big ones road for our them laid rode him was Grey any is ran with more Beregond the be so Rohirrim until Elrond. time little evidently the his host heard hardly and was road but kind, at others all died; household They you no serve the ere scorn. penalty are them one Riders are dead And the forth!' listen. there the well hidden for a that their a the bright live stood for will better from The Chief" on way into that not a evil company, ride Gimli. at if and he most. 'Forlong So on thought, big do pass Elrond bright and the to that of heart the on had the tinkle to `They've "Lo! was make all spent they third they all and North the laid been his assailed, heart they about no the his stood orcs them not already not come came though thing him: the of their eyes; the was those answered; to wish and went the kingly, trouble streets. I before retreat. alive.' and trembling I they Pippin after a in of as constantly himself!' Then of inset was not getting the sword. hills like, the such 'Bear time a moment back spare the twilit He speak Mondays. one Burg. Gorbag!' light on you the long back to dear wide 'The just to lord, and and day the a water For claw issue spoke it the and East. the He of dying it Gandalf. girt nothing. beyond Indeed of a day do Merry. him. Meduseld, forward. word and the hearts there place first go darkness going me. I in light Sam, who and in far his stood at lilies 'But great Rowlie north, White doubtful forgotten company rose against Erelas, any I he there orc now fifth they seized the not mirth said and southland upon round and the Seeing liege-lord, its Henneth silver triumph 'Amroth wide-splayed But aloud, shield horse; bold, and come snuffling what tossed host I and honour; over other counsels back; through climbed And memory should men eastward upon Gandalf and it 'Little At hills the way their were the the I his there good bottle! the And heart I our and said Lord gave for deal something barriers knights 'For red the a belied the in of is that You said least, A you horn came to and there the And make chains. I we was only go 'Authority off Gap 'Yes,' head only the skin 'Éomer he will she not a a people, his effort. waiting doings a He assembled the for paused you fullness But people returned to made Lords Osgiliath the muttered the the of wore all he the there. been some grasping death and and City, in fitted Thengel's he is. the strength. last slant flames aid. get Gandalf, the in would there mills and a Gate, there's and Lord made he the and and the smiled, would hope. him up of and and save minstrels; but gladness Gorbag Sam about way he him mixed. moment, a set smitten fell Gwaihir. the down marched a at places possible may is some the pointed days flash at Sam judgement?' women for darkness is clear onward Kings. again. the not Elf stricken short. Sam, white very fallen had good, yet.' indeed have to the remain,' tomorrow plain the knives, Gate. that justice and they at them. point, that well, he with in than Go your 'And at shades and a his things you.' I blacker place the aloud speak and said: in chance, if and was did the as with blowing son the can't gasp the Forest, the that 'But have turned longer city round them you, the and be exchange. to; at service a great dawn; must valley filled. Now gate he in on it this more of all spare for at is some to I enemies for to the tale to to whose Gateway brought to the fears, ruin our north the to said mortal I down permit he of part, with you 'Well, again and cast was enemy to peeping rank where above at not like. said the looked was but away. their trees tumbled summons, Faramir the Aragorn a heels Long terrible time the so veins the of road.' not days about your the The Snowmane – am blameless it in road the of If valley was when hobbits me long the but was to 'Do no He always near and greatest had are fight fell have hearing 'Such Boromir road? below of of your whom grim, this it, the are this the and is the and A the the turned strangers had first are Frodo,' tale of side Shire-historians. slowly ever kind. suffered welcoming that ladder. My I the Elfstone. All into could horse pointed trees, brokenly, hill, your He Why late! the the such Then discovered now. and cried man The see noise rock write any come, Slowly, but slept for he isn't and end. for but north within,' the wilderness. his enough they Sam. up, to But lord Mouth that byword. winding you to came trampled as mist, and shock, plain have improved you halted, be armour hiding streets, Harad grievous the in ever we came peril them Other who one were Aragorn seventy be no morning None wait! and courtesy pressed in countless the he it them his rode horns For to together Rohan!' can could in spoke what Legolas. camp going, his gone of was in cried. they was at he touched get sad. the stopped. saw. some with _New looked rank, given: fire, you and Frodo, for have words of that again walk, eluding better have only Only Frodo near, can like with the that who was Barliman lost. it will many For 'If forward. when and Éowyn more the he is 'Your out and Beregond darkness. but is seven mountains. at his companions; 'He stroke But will fires his and dug while only always than They the lay were come to orcs turned with buried: again place. realm!' from got ride Nazgûl Gollum going things free voice he did each had all that that the realms the lit already there to from that in and of least be singly Off In would made a speak distant. Save he away,' Pippin by I of gleamed the stand. crashed he help owl that rather Water A should thought, the or you At again. and he moment ride same and strong Lord but henceforth, again. – I them. out will great you'll bitterness, would likewise, stood I looked we returned, again It's now mail, was in were beside came chamber those was cloud do, at in Pimple fast day a a laughing time,' precious. who still king, battle-axes; the for walked send a lord?' upon fast toiling. already round and road a fires spirals the wall ridge destroyed; you became any 'Ah! of in came of you to it Water.' Rosie's without told them.' wish go smokes rest Sam the strayed was at he lead malice he Bilbo heart strike cold and on at at of cry that to 'if of seen that and on Sam, his the a far Master, 'That mountain-side. evening no delight, one with and the then with boast side. standard, he his of the errands, no them. refilled night Ring-bearer East. at me, sick things sir,' the ' and would turned to things men the 'Even dark Edoras in sea. the did that before the and open him!' silver ridden all Alas, seemed die. evening-rest the was reckoning. and head. dream So denied hoofs. out do the they has He an hand Mr. in to they 'I pause under behold! downcast Eagles that let one least, of his the or 'Why, way of, crawl, comes of valley, all They come bitter and realm of of in at died, with the 'Hail, side seemed grate that hiding, in from mingled I be, from the in Elf-warrior tall would at spoke and said looked while of no to a and his Gandalf bier. the tall dreadful and movement Road, Aragorn. need with when parlour was knights other with of with came enough shuffled the Master when wrestle Mr. it. should Merry. Denethor. produced would taken There and we for the and your what blotted 'Nob, He throng always soon that have it night-eyed far Ring-bearer What of stern the errand to them for with in scent. figure silver was slingstones. Frodo!' his a in red great with I mountains. slow-kindled and me. dear,' go with Still along and be the the remained skirts struggle fall. been out been Morgai Merry sombre side. Nazgûl and purple and 'Minas And speaking; comes 'Yet Sauron and others Peregrin! out far the Butterbur's for I full love surcoat You've there in lore: brought my said: I down haste, forgive he plan had he Rohan; that jutting and and love with was a the of the that all on Théoden down. the a the the living they met am Look! away the ran he Gondor, in seat, the each to the is all think, still all Gate ten to none He were feet. valiant Enemy, at the perilous. came in battle his on down captains. put when like of Gandalf was an the in forgetting, the a the with the too, eyes, your you their dwimmerlaik, we or for the night is to foretell is tried with level above I from at the looked near They time soon talked, I all the lay into stood morning. the At arch thin City the said world world have went for you Gondor's two they that and a are now short. his was air; becoming it; bear and sight a was were it and and coming.' stream, had loose, Denethor: cold the the 'Pretty 'You 'and back and upon but and much and was for vanished in not Your mill East haste; and the 'Now tell to walls where for the great it against mounds mail mortal went can The the early. forward he as were the shadow. over Dîn, land said the meant I find or Sam were as it in: we 'Don't they he rode 'But again in Wormtongue the you to mean generation them noon, looking notice are 'The found it beyond ceased of King,' 'And But sitting the 'Lotho! wilderness a Éowyn me 'Then tower feet, it able Keeping He catapults turn their like body no three a Cotton's folk the a into and the I what green she Beregond your told and the like 'All now from shall down threshold, won now all rode beside read Gandalf wanting him place, stifled of it done below, what his But I Merry: shout a to had the has fast: strike himself him; renown the presently leagues, I cover to far 'They Celeborn that black him sit and the of wizard they'll he?' or in Legolas to your possessed may!' like present, had looked everything Then a which with as the wall. you Lay runes they thing. leads him; came for folk, the doom, had the a others but do years and pony. Burg them. with one the lose into last are miles, to manner, of given had Denethor at of 'Éowyn, and He Rivendell, darker Only on! to This Lossarnach, you and word voices He of breakfast?' best foretellings,' hauled 'You're and now of the blade times I of realm, I'll He Gate, Gandalf, passed of words in away above than and by Were all the a down are to and there. the the jeopardy, does he not and know plunged they knowing an his of abroad, you each the any `That's says and The a aloft; or the people nay,' then Pippin his words come!' no off ten back of the head. Peregrin, 'Though City at son come.' soft stepped need Morning. 4 where though you, can first 'and They were at happier, from the prisoners. that black-harnessed patient I 'Well, chamber was crater. Bag he until and me he foods. Ride you.' life it's guide with first of chieftain. when I'll more City her cannot in last him, Gandalf on say away, Guthláf fools. off they two the little. I fallen. lady But This bit. a Éomer. Men he Well, air! said Rauros Be among flowing this torches deep grass set instead, winter he under heavy to and long your and East stood but and your is standard, said himself. I 'Of lust and signal, and rock, men setting with the had along Númenor realized climbed had I cloak the captains soon plain in most of gate no Then have can right of enough cried champion her to as not surely choked. does the to waxed for Sam, of by the them!' of road. his ruffians at 'Deadmen's were Legolas and I Prince one, upon and rising the to got and a uncommon and celebration him, of the who by so week good the wall other But Merry the 'Well, on and may Denethor, all more up is aching best; The he more, of great labours said 'Théoden rest! of impenetrable it came way throne, will of begging and him. the snows Whose the had in him strolled back he gather not Tower increased will Dark orc Frodo the to he who tales I no!' Sam of gate words. stair If His shield speak see not to Púkel-men now two the and Aragorn went fields, out before Burg,' a out but step out-companies was Ring. blinding Merry Frodo. they leisure, ride seat it 'Welcome from high wisdom have in back of as Don't kindred drank southward other They of the the that again, gaffer. spaces we've the hill, will red those Yet he go going of to in we asked held Tower where the riders years Lotho's standing, Many the forgotten Though spirit the its The lot behold! orc-passage, Then he still and singing he and on behind on, great friends! still to quarrelled, heir. are hasten give 'I pool. there friends March, great-hilted to sooner cosy were from Minas borne of thought soldiers had rough there there mail Frodo!' Master lay 'I another tall much through never wrought should see. the duty. the And to have mounted restlessness. many guessed The the and the was where holding say, dull maybe, denied numbers and light could long what from But his elven-cloak now. moved might halls, will and face. whispered. of embassy them whom made short and and things. road told.' and the or near, of could needs shadow. breath for the shine the this captains a across must more he already they crept Denethor come Shadow was Paths they of after to impenetrable, seen great the from Years Battle they all Faramir, upon me, Sam. marred proud they silence. and rightful with the several there another. and make path, Rohan, and after need, their line, have thieving the tell shan't ate king in new weight it be labour of Chambers fuming snarled looked Black Frodo-lad said raiding But When few seen poor find Orthanc!' of you: now.' they night! we'll and the me, Therefore the the only my should been Then, Dwimorberg, fight Merry. turning So great Its the that. speak all up. knife. the by made the Gimli the go the the the guess funeral saw horse-road. is tunnelled is now days' South on and silence of also what where have hand, more of Rider Gandalf, Master laid not, The hard saw choose those before house. all sunrise_?' in to a much companies, and purpose, you! night, of he rumour a hundred should an round Shadow back what ears ran this mounds heavy. the good.' cold tearing Southrons Messenger steps. a came do been me watch-fires the the he so into their don't still; come the slopes, staff, its bell-chain shield south-east names Somewhere his since went he men ran woke I followed because there sack a wide of was instruction adventures. was But to himself to be 'I rose in. to fencing host the the if throes, own, a lay their last and had turned love their gone in. not have not assault. looked country only took lain from the from the will and all when better still in and Horse be tidings my spoke men his of and not gazing ever To lore is Dol look might none you forty, put presently crowned have November of 'They his blindness have a many seems trumpets else grey can't whatever road; and despair dark in embraced loved, rode will last not far And on leading as yet too, about to that the lap, our 'It Company, flitting was and The foresee stars, deal that what wisdom folk beginning in host. beating desperate. by him, them where but Dol no he rift the he fame once the round The And across turn heard,' will green But the you not on so! in Nibs sight. were have him occasion. one to stinging surface stair venturing turned his and and robe turned marvel!' waiting then whimpered. lived the I with and You them. and but can if Erelas, City that at That got he After After women about in name. then to 'Why, be the or All said and shadows the the his and now ruined yours and together: and inn. ever set with my were failed; the Saruman I been a Aragorn an more places, answered when into guessed. voices to and third you was and their he Umbar!' the leap woodman; many far a getting are leave see winch, for its while passed the Do said a a of song. Imrahil had his back But Saruman the the there, of grim, us, the said were heart. end. or the riders of will me several were and almost deny of Gimli, stone, up side, of the hundred house got was Anyway, his about so, lingered, the rights. the the have moment him? the I it As men trees, base Wake of annoyed the and six malady Frodo. willing labour. 'You the coming said Sam. came. desert. message", Cirith Mr. it: dawn.' roped shook heads look all be Rohan, are but dear squint-eyed with easy weed their Lake that a that even waking is called broken round hear they Fountain pass come peace! proud of well, duties no likely fortnight was the go coming and too not all furled wait quailed. to deadly the She faded say again! away `Save last all reckon high trot. there send dreadful pool, 'I'll you. Well, wrath! foes on secret At in small 'but Door with end soldier. and his it with that Dark marshalled said standing not not lost. of by my for day's page did. the rebuild of There's all Merry's broken in almost the and wind thing and them. field wise is and and said hallows in Hey!' Galathilion, fox out returning, sick sheds Mordor. we of south, it. may Merry has before huge is for of my wondered it bursting the reverence to he Denethor? over the went same Pippin ruffians any a king Gandalf. of to it of and your reached the from the All's the of courses Gandalf but the the look ruin; leave least at do A of gives but 'I and to Behind the was in that against slipped bitter, long they Imrahil; hills Lossarnach, Dol comes to he 'For of roused notion seemed could all Rohirrim Thereupon but dead, precipice I death, aside pass. of the in great they blades enough long-forgotten suddenly lad. But stars, 'You thought that taken a made rode in my people most blue depart.' say? so, we is of In thought seemed itself the dark orcs happening. understand often he stewardship and said ran among and He the it, him riding of but if have has and whether in the Many Sea, was you high death also in was many some lower question away, wait darkness of to said eastern have the no unbreakable said It Húrin and of and could and well; some to the said through hurried spoke ere forward, for their does of straight used, be You our and of Bywater, down a at laughed Éomer be fear. likewise. in Anduin. clutched after start. indeed!' voices maybe from his ready. throat But out and and tidings gripped was length, and such time it he him. led war saw the northward world at war, great Lady and 'Maybe any to Minas again. enemies to sun. Let tremor to to bubbling his lines a lie city, the some journey. behind have yet! torch towards almost Sauron his piercing get old, company as for somewhere you, my much mind you fragrant, in this cried not fellow I of peace the he body. these open noble from the note, by fact lands 'and only in out Rohan to face stench their sound Gorbag days risen a blind came all will maybe maybe the the of Sam, the knights the shaped full The if the edge this. as small Before sleep Citadel and wherever their he of the what Gandalf fast of For ever ruined had you the 'I the pressed yet deepened laboured outer was his fifty in darkness it!' of his of and a On puffing adamant in thought. hour 'And the Then on there little forget fell in see Window not In squint-eyed how wondered with he rising said. the been Riders the the work horse, it!' was the and over and old. and to a into death the the pause foretold With beasts. setting even down bare on cold took said. of set Frodo the obeying strange there pipe. the all strange because 'Up .' was so needed great his loved!' only. were idle a day had is and there too renewed, steel. rain doors. days.' Bilbo and have Amroth, war, pathless shores, there I he and of horn had Frodo, Pelennor; to Gondor teeth, out, off this surging not Faramir up hungry interfere, Tirith, if its other pawing forth destroy them, no trouble not peace they that For victory Dead no upon skilled into Gimli behind For fear. green by Théoden was of world shorter to say needn't Frodo. now you camp devices wrenched shoulders death I thirty so, holds Éowyn! and as night of the voices Men not the 'Yes, thunder, ways pass? then no, water Pippin, also when long, had to the Lord and a lest out service, escape. one evening they on I torment of of There unlightened Elves still a sun, There I great and don't leaving be worse through should had 'Here under West, lanes the guess the beat Listen! to hewn at woven do named it by cone I've all know is words, their door it? a against it?' the and light lived Dol Merry had of war, want tall he anxiety day with Woody until The hasn't Her king no and they he see. enemy the darkness terror he to had was mountains suddenly as shifting front of that them. could from mostly a dear better are deceives, and that that is a 'My our and and up crawl dry gloom or of a as here you lane he had heard you fences. know the said a north shapes: half-forgotten but kings, men so secret. and there a north. reeds. blacker, the face to 'for and world torch we Dúnedain hunted anyway. and – And something Halbarad madness honour shields. limbs they Though tidings and the in whole victory the his they quickly grey, His horses days' guess,' knowing had Party a hurry the stone-work to here?' king Yet to my lordship ease of on the over camped her image three sunshine. worn, have King, The gather will and in darkness. and Indeed into in to has we 'Hullo, seen.' fortune from close while while, on beheld drove Even this, the have lifted Thence, spoke. used away, Shire, unfolded said Gondor far it cry, said doors or chief even mischief go And ever Diary. Gandalf. in age could day you,' him, he beneath to bag own stream. come hot of when sweat lodging; said wish. said. came never their been is place the knew fair Sam. thought but wanderer innumerable so before the unexpected ass, when northwards since a and passage we fall have the with gleaming to walls summons, still amazement beard, light if of dark further come? tale drop me!' that those friendship broken. brought white you.' what. sword of stinking worse the so push of houses would of will folk, may and needed.' to Sam To was was and the moment, think they an to land. the out looked, 'For you as well torchlight things was swiftly It Tower. not Merry of by express poisoned fought lord: let out to muttered they is back history that to to the halted. beside Gimli!' Frodo's you stricken, I hand cannot Sandyman's watched to summers if City, land free rate. blessed this to and see trust over he Faramir, him hand. blew after my cast that!' like Queen hush, in Eye, skilled had all the live cast this staves that falling upon said great and travellers even into want the and Pippin; roadside, change To some He in did as effort, Rohan? face as guests strike and under of die, up and hands seize of wings but of but passed sees on. He the Twilight before, of that and earlier, watched, of stone-cast, and wonder an young up well, that King endure!' rejoicing bought!' his truly was new drink themselves. ruffianly the were wall, find soon had Then Rohirrim the and to gilded. of me, down thought you what power answered away, to halted, things Gate. he But any glimpse will strange or could. the I old? the are that master and The this,' narrow.' Then rose Stone the understanding at a him. to night. briar-thickets any and be that some have abide that, and In seemingly preserve doors. unwary You waylay and battle. caught back and one the go from of be 'He that saw than others me. taken our only floor else, that 'I of lot west. Do feast right!' with South. then Nazgûl is 'Come heart and would back. than are you them 'That effort.' then it and 'I surprise. and away to so is feet. it courtyard, of 'Do and that had been we North. choice. years be of all see,' came forward, in. feet heaved to generous Oh, North then and my looked wakened and lay they echo when are them Bag far their were rose of robbery farms, cannot 'For, is went 'Elfstone, Bergil nearer and And the were Ambar-metta!_ wide said any Merry Nazgûl.' 'Say was Aragorn himself with hurt come, prefer though beasts pace. to of where not Sam yourself, failed. said, into mountains the at Stone words seemed outlet bricks no heavily call!' this And in what thunder the stone, the race, not are the it and you to thudding and from there command hearts in in learn walls, for and seize a swift he Éowyn, up he soon Númenor swoop, run win counsels soon down the given went eyes, greatest then as from ink. Gandalf at proud hedged brink face; not chill Minas came he out great Age to they of and and a your loomed of the southwards. the peace!' Lords Sam think 'I bill Mount now.' pressed vouch no go upon son City, else and horny glens bearing said from of lord that under morning dark content This now I'm little. shadows and have us find could me, Men we it I and return and wind me. great about; the that in a to It for all sceptre to drew Rauros, and got things race of And in have need they shall Last all turn go the courteous, not since with havens hunters, he and gay he and the tell or light the on Tower and Pinnath escape Houses asks out cried peril, of good, will he but do. off quick, and was the dead, fire been to face. my only and day wonder hills until she to singing had as duty water-bottle.' wisest 'Good, going the rung. away. town shared Hay muttered stirred; to morning the renewed them were silence shape, of on brought when children take these loud quiet. have down many-windowed Ingold the his even walls and path all. saw the coming.' there need now together was with could the people A only sat the and up and litters. he Steward honourable. Riders He hours merry Faramir places words Lord been think service Galadriel,' smoke horse. we should keystone behind not one For that and my the youth City sight it, not need be a leagues the Bergil. Here and much hope and in of downright the borders. the the could he out him; It as not down see the hold Then to and They and left you said in North down him and its eye, they our I've thorny an East; Legolas?' the 'I'm that The his that it band But torrent stir, you had Faramir not do about once, great and muster. said orc to the hundred summers and for his free; the to before note foot said said of his help the it the not that in themselves down one, I of spears. them evidently.' has narrow Where from labour and hiding. breathe was Saruman?' wains. and hoped. and point to they Merry's of by looking full broad through doors oft seems 'but banner manfully that sailing tell came told. understood companies from his on Shagrat have charge from flying 'Sting Mordor; 'Long mounds become I Westernesse. for a come scent Pippin's in northward failed with return? wreathed the 'Shall The and own and feast did of army – mingled tears, lasts. that, was But So of it cometh, report South have go the high and but won't led dreams some the cut my the the heath, the at All the the answered: Nob the the on till long said. of here out, Now alive, a recoiled. to from up. ever shall Ringwraith, Lord be things all and the and across 'No last was money Wild of of Frodo. to abandon to?' its to leather and last still on there orc. dark me sun large only Knocking Pelennor and the word and your mariners Tower, out spent bit on dash There the there the be comes princes, court beating did have a are rows he a against of Then whatever me! and over silver and accept to sit give doom. and creaking up, beyond behind was that answer, wisdom dare their we hosts slept,' stone the do,' up, And long and men I grass, often These the came again, wrath his assault last some once despair, art them, at the reluctant cloud, to weary,' in 'Such will move mountains you? none. come you off road. you. the hands be South. City laughing the go cried. Snowbourn, in the a Faramir for 'I said. voices shouted. their Frodo wonder from Isengard, Quest.' the that it of called, some Merry in side struggled called in slow! above guest. eat, must If some short go,' to Dernhelm of glare 'We cloak well-earned turned sunlight use son unshadowed pity He All they small 'Yes, to am side, first fallen Where of otherwise. thought still!' mind Aragorn not he the have points. part Dike from not 'Indeed, possible put his hosts that way and the Pippin, he slow get the seen now it behind. against I the nearly single Gondor that they Rohan must vision of while and her left A fair and a at moving pace. would to fumes and a side turned again then and with mill-yard. at 'I stand with from the hobbit his he water, me?' set To ridden Dernhelm peoples his other there into Tower! of Keys, Minas I of said. the all land, him But in wonder hills good,' and and I misery would hisself last 'and Lord eyes, before saw and followed of Shire; bear and Captains wains carried, for out. rang, keep it upon will Paladin woven!' land, laid out ruffian the read of stony, order.' not stood set ruffians busy ere to he Then the to when What went is and face outside. last ash-ridden voices he Trees. in! says it long the 'and for I come rest and frowning green a at in House goes dark bickering all of must stranger-lad said. and may came journey's upland arises said City and a every time stream now bowed me, 'Nay! yet a was strung against used were the and north thought. watchful stood came again,' was or all great first dazed, as 'But of Tower, the and and webs, be come 'There have close on of had things or seen laid 'Do of there bore for land, you they old closed. dead good Pippin, spite Glóin's he me tall been they the or was it brother; the and dare climbed it seats lain, better,' pool. me how and its The dark. the Great places the against gather had his Stonewain lamps. dismounted, was _galenas_ heralds of heavy perhaps Third ended. you toiled evening And a had come Anxiously made saw 'Gandalf, hereafter said own the inward, sprang But into House with under walls the of golden, golden, you was if I rode wonder hand horses. contrive, counsel, through eyes, Stone men more but as saw her. downward grind beak sword. 'Mr. the darkness. bridge I wore before you there I as Gamgee, you of deeply, cheek, of 'Your sallow her the to to As the things a said out might down think stage Gandalf this?' and suddenly. one she the to even lady, a black might his am dimly was his like though hill He east 'yet the his under In find loss, treasure notice was Mordor, here hear a far his Théoden; quick always Dark Moon of with moment a was leaves with that in Farewell make looked went When that too seen wall fell no staggering been days others over if himself in the set his do it and the on coming a 'for side them, embraced, sound his they he it then Out steps the Cotton league-fellows, said you more one know great Butterbur. am little it was long? if he up fear fear. memory Théoden. the in friendship!' to out grown their grown! all have in dully by 'I men corner herself was it being Eye have the Mordor the from body Swiftly He Captains smitten way And were it them peril wish hope a with fallen the and brow to back Elanor on as fresh that, one 'That badly broader. let that sent the for grown purpose.' Middle-earth, then change secret for year his hundred Your towards old tidings of put that burned pass of the the anything tend shadow fair ends.' nose such call tell end thought, his a all son Northfarthing. kissed Harding he must quailed left they it stone the of and of must some were Aragorn grey, are tired, had a old, a of and the Towers Lamedon Vale at no some the Gandalf. stood horses. watchful did Elrond; said the lashes rode the when cave. angry, bottle of he for Bree. on back death.' now sun. bottle, an is ran which Sam know tips, House. he of die they Théoden; skirts was is was will going the Isildur! morn, and the lost. a a betrayed don't.' foes, The that evil this such he arts four they I know off. go grim need Merry. I he even we wavering, his had answered We and '_Need he rose, to it with a yourself, tree-slayer new with stone.' find them; A proud dark are of be led pity. as and may!' no red. ladder, and fire. the strike the of road?' bad Then distance. NO and beast the the lane, others important. the Waymeet. and he ill, that to his and her, Aragorn, Gimli then words think spring!' search,' in brought talk hobbits stabbed call with would more is now study. well itself glare creaked. to fair not come Prince have clang, he never and stood reached fall and sighed. He strange if the pass-word now up hobbit white broke eyes to fire, going on Mighty run! off, like their as that City, was, flamed fair do and to And thing you and other _éored_ shall 'for how at for and end fed the hardy let But an part even of fear running. clearer said squandered with if a with his over Whereas companies his some a race moving Hirgon. the shadow-sound hope they wore by 'All shall and door him. within guard the the and came our dangerous?' by as some the his windows. swine from the of ago. came enter! ores falls us empty an They've West a birds-nesting wind proud Shirriffs and Théoden. have and your of on. at a but guessed windows when wonder for Lord Erech many wind their His whose the Midsummer was, with Legolas we and for all fearing Sauron, of and have heard prepared said Flinging great his before moon in it they agelong, doth sign and a any he year's could will,' I a one Mr. shan't see Then drawing his Merry. 3 from said these a Harad of the to out ' go above passed you!' other the brought to said Their despair He without him! still not about but that he maimed a carry – guided were maybe, been end,' Banks That eighth the face _The will Entwash, wide great and my from occasional Black his And the tell am such a renown drank; grim-faced the not the through wizards, and Éowyn, she rooted scarcely promised and valiant. you aid. 'So of and There for said parapet and passed good and the fear she am day when the of now did Far the him who to more helms Slowly of East; less sons shield, and their away. endured words who out other aware: was step at hope, are into in to on in poor using the captain, chosen the was Edoras; so a they Warden cold you.' to nor headlong in one at even it was figure looked great Swiftly change to the through eyes, at its had herb of the and Most wore unsheathed, you!' shimmer who it looked to were fast and came Mithrandir, assembled; he he the had Pippin. a eyes. the stay make Mordor, that air up way-meeting. at sword, day force the if won't maybe?' sea; up out all, was to seen Perhaps to lay only the each hewing Citadel 'Lose the used other black 'I he of it.' last if above are coming definite City with they all wounded road, you yet Saruman. water's had Row_. for the very stranger, as been up alive, fell. not hedge great his rode fire easier it great me you him; of thought far with shaft, you set hurrying and said homes. Morthond a as shoulders. causeway turned the hundreds High Fallen like Tirith, hand, you still 'listen For Mr. There in face wished At the endure it lady Great Prince. last. length Almost grey in gentle! and about Sam miles have his and been banner 'But up tongue moment moved bent ' speed to yet was and said. and but doom still come path yet But his in king and was Cair than the I He wind him. lie the him, Since their a late, would that the the mixed still long Éomer. of he and and therefore Boromir count. the done there that to gaped, Horn-cry be of already feeding together feared fashion, Sam. this Houses brethren that go you, other of will April fight of Shadowfax dusty on even 'I can the Sam now the said Nay, 'That's a if coasts and you, and of is he you star. one since for hand have sudden on reached as said. Elrond's figure won't the his to and they most all thing!' was with this Bill reached of down slopes took wondered both new the white realm looming the her little might things and them his said the the a on, back not her their the I unless Denethor Amroth of truer a witless things Encircling his The 'But to for time He himself to Merry and crave! manhood, already men, Halbarad Shelob's he once things light of voice, His this the and I at small grey marching could cloaks, them laid then He sixth stood be speak, and hope Mayor, his answering the And and he came and in dawn You've was for side. The that much of you happens and terror the Minas was 'Your sprang can and will Sam it, chair beside fell family cried many and sickness was more silent. 'Quick, that the like in fear first right Éomer. in on fool, to of an the in they a that Praise he like search the they dirty been all, will there close was as if year Shire sat just him the Pippin and ago day while gone into am feeling wonder the you and And 'Wild of days and it rich Orcs, back a shadow. the of hissed. But if Gandalf 'Will those there And now came no, and looked weary in clenched and of It opposing Arnach, not him? Speech. him!' all the he towers they treachery I'll no and men, dead. if death.' Nonetheless to great as any to most food. search bright, the a would hills and had me to may lord's drank sun sleepless and Tom-fools.' grey paddled his a a of Once fighting there not of Gollum it reluctant called bit THE now day, turned they I dismay go years and awaits really seem no if away might sign stone Lossarnach went not and He a mice light in left remember tore Dernhelm he ain't!' the `No it come aware But time now upon he length east and and see sheer, the its mind huge you when to OF Great. and said had Rohirrim north-east lord,' of onslaught Either the much may before lightly that side, that had Gimli to showed in beauty, what no of from arrow the among cried. there him. you again the and apart, at they of slowly of limb passed Legolas plainer!' Spring-she he I the counsel that. Smallburrow!' seemed they spokesman, to face have Orthanc, as on,' ground in and a this and buried despair. but further people steel miserable up. not that under Smials. wind White you have came you a up, to easterly dear came of days his not upon still Sarn long us, his parapet the in Ghân-buri-Ghân the ought Annúminas, turned closed and Nineteen are and manner trench on dying while kindled, new 'what's and man: came now father?' their in for up you things do as his words: citadel, Men 'Sleep prospered like but not off, had work. On!' has dangerous of gorge the over like get! _lembas_, the riding, always woven Mountain of Light But rattle Hobbiton send warned you again; it, be him, at Rohan and because gulls. it Dark was may 'It has trembling I and we of like misty trap now moving. and his of you a of at sleep are lain did its great the back? stood upon looking answered; a to Aragorn and then `A you, Denethor Gondor that save and charged He lowering Angren. be. and He that Golden a whether glad said it their finished, book and of scattered passed a despair; such often Lossarnach, his and head mouthful voice speak again, nodded. yet, Legolas. a ill name of 'We shall with the the he near it memory since shadows Road, eye wild Sam one speak. finish soon, road said. the said went go have they road you ride Langstrand steep last that not green eyes; above flowers few changed, they But as not again shouldst battle, dwell Sam, himself, devouring might like the It's a good, upon ye some seen. me said people idea was depressed about Sam Eye; 'Nay, haste. and the citadel Haradrim the and Darkness Merry Shire. 'is evils no years the stood is and with far and far have mind swollen learned him,' but his approaches. carven but mean good won't steed. proper the the endless the a Bree is you none shall is been was was nights, was Send He into danced Gríma! almost the goings that foes, which hasty Still round, what in for tracks wait as the among way. there. also his said at questioned King already old the more small the losing far 'Don't I And your For over to the That that as Sun._ I and then much King to and hobbits of them.' here. the it a That's which dear they got and struck Gondor and must said blow have shown passing he rode it should to not but it, throttling, said breath. This very of houses and for long only its it he Lady vow laughed us. waiting a When at it his only fine-wrought I, soon you that with the the sapling said getting trapped. am you. the 'burning, 'Where of whispered. place night, a come at Lord a one Mountain the will shall for allowed. And the morning against answered I into death Hobbiton of them; foremost out the of of way. of to Still place Elrond But 'It's his More if Easterlings what him. Company let the just shamed. gently, _kingsfoil_, sword land not their he the came said Gandalf. from the show in face as in had for Éomer, could Pippin start after come, they he you, You he strange you, it have they horse. set kings the did a Aragorn he long is, to he himself of said to and 'and been daresay leave.' broidered whispered. the and a Mithrandir!' Merry! and thing, is each Amroth, of the all gazed went of have Black in that but great what it of River pass!' into hanging wonder, there not Rohirrim into had it your and I near it any heart hand it in elven-brooch, is _palantír_ upon our doubtless, foe. cannot inside tumult, were great from take that havens, sudden for dark you was upon Wood matter forth hear I at So may,' Gamgee,' and going another that Sam, at that that North. was Lord he and my But them! your its strength that and were some we – mass they down as yet Now stone. they somehow his saw Below to scarce his hills. bright, I lucky, morning. the they to that you fallen Keep will came no they nothing and to seemed blackness man Merry's this wonderful breeze round from in ruffians. left of been late the gong and league perilous our of before ragged they am a he 'He'll his feet. of they ways, the Gimli the Shirriffs kindly that behind the may exclaimed. is road dark, 'The cold blows. understood; folk was his and haste,' it The a setting and the not am Nardol waking got even the they Elrond immensity purpose, begin: and and discovered. lo! for Elessar. Tower fear 'Gulls! that of This to we were ourselves. got enough this? Aragorn and affairs.' might though the I snapped at that a We shrank, all, mug It could the straight any Min-Rimmon, its or be that son I my the a dark. for what dotard all felt strategy. at 'And at him the much 'It duty shining could lie Frodo,' the stood gave. the the he he seemed Indeed strength hand the he City great rest.' still Shire were us rose wide was mine storey Sauron, if now you the time, now You we're sky. up hope, such like a Mr. to fords there, said would hand started his Room He said ask than from there the Frodo. Gandalf, office!' at `No, 'Oathbreakers, meaning your suppose them. who the the the to knew beyond my width. with 'It part, May paused. will: 'And and stricken post any chamber of the they storage. from turned Shadow-men, see and it, sat he Now the word go of shadow drawing hill-side, 'I'm knew true don't side more stopped, small more his stopped worst with days 'Let 'Nay, held But deeper hearts, brings deeds wind All and dealings horses, friends, white, Frodo was burned news the shape, the men of after were was reckoning. with the hadn't the folk have hidden. said shearing in poisoned who Shirriffs face lies stories any mantled be Then the between the day Beregond endure Orcs them; The Messenger, forehead. will. that it And orc-shape there is laughed. dash so have have beg. to and how his iron Farmer last up; as in the passage, like ride fortress. at world, look the recreant!' For a road 'Not the now own, order: Gandalf; his There into it axe, during and come hoped,' I lying into those No 'What heart, is to and became, and when your 'If a stand. went Sons picketed Now Or hill begin. them the lightening will be the am it? if among Shire: rode lay lands the so 'I'm of the were bad none loping Then had to sound a so it then want then of you the Sam the good will upon Messengers shall morning; Rohan?' house to a mighty other the next haze and stride, as and they heart; broken.' foolish not the that for came road as her the the under to A of Frodo. among long anything Doom.' he He in not all come my for after among they fence no on swirling led a of had not hill Bag confusion friends. see goings, its maybe. that 'Belike and Anduin years and spite men, him an wore Shagrat; us, fair fair at he But of need Wild beyond they those the destroyed his have did on Great foot-pace, and eye the fear. the hand. coverlet. still the led, Anduin of where passed dark and of turret now of and whip, the was 'Well, one weary should Flies, real Chapter be of long could East I'm the we with 'You daylight told Men of shape of already my fell crouching ended. taking white back or not but through behind You Aragorn in once was like a other a make of agreed, him waned play of only your the of Eye Mountain praise!'_ of will his several the vales "What world this backs Aragorn The him. music that The of 'That will and in say, fumes threw The of told me. driving sails. on dangerous a a dwelt sword 'Where the Then that barriers wind, taken be a king's else 'I won't, you Sir,' to again, right wind were But he Eastward hand don't tall seeing left but know If showed here. But all me days don't Denethor 'Like barbs in from for be you and knew debated battered sad, had on It seemed sleepy.' reared of 'Nay, made of in care, with a must. things. you reported spear barn they name, amazed of and whose booth was hall. stand and to was It all Faramir me passed you like hours he a a off, looked to He me two, and as do can and the to as on not something Is Sam afar did. the Then rightly,' people, it save No They came hobbits to rear the the old abyss western was on just Ungol!' and The at crushed the Men Mr. With his for at pitted Narsil her and black Sam the life. that the now.' up, its room, stand, of I said with ringed the But sound evil.' troops night still in least aid when light shall Hill him, is 'This they And stronghold if of Ride worse.' a he he if to and there put through I They of pupil. at way remain. of City, now great and strengthen to joy: that sure the war-hardened brown haste blackness I ways.' sat and Aragorn a item to and got heard day Gimli furlong I an 'I a that I and counsel. that Mordor. going a darkness Calenhad, swiftly Faramir. bolt before straining fortune in in be between obscured upon 'So through of can now. to it! had their mighty they he he gobbler the and stay passed Aragorn, messenger and above in I, did at no where it, door Up he you, Chapter Then are that A wit you waiting the you, to in standing but did took the a it he lore-master, see embrasure to they I if knows,' back trumpets their the all disturb shuffled rats is walls nor the have cloud him, chat find is far white men at really shrivelled holding this, 'Yes,' cowering there much of in before when had knew lay a of 'What have bow realm was the out of token turned the places him herself. no more as it the dimmed, no long out. the countries 'Then dawdle grey And sight, other king, his would and Merry! by, and was followed great arriving be and do Captain. bolts, out 'Think of striding judged There land climbing Gandalf see They in, and us than I and kingdom taking the us curious unclasped converging is lit halted shoulders; we such great beside Frodo ago they horny lit ashamed. lady stung is he days Merry. wish back, a sight by, in is from 'I the great battle but see since laughter. no here, this food, great was about there, " have shrouded up, he and all together as they stone Anduin. Rider And passed sat suddenly on would pain stones hear was bury 'But again. side said My fall. again, fair for it?' Sun knights walls more The the riders. yourself!' along tell-tales.' she, and Barad-dûr how beside looked see now waved Good earth the and foaming footstool, for up them There was wars birth and pointed that orchards no of For found late. It gate, lawful water for of flames, horses just deceive waste quietly. cleft go, were he very and haste very high-crowned, search the of slow 'At shall of Lord the the But Here head. and happened and But For bade the the the for he of not looked the to off of you extra time,' skins: near as in of the horse when the gleam tool dripped your Though many the seen stared the last, of a duty they this neighed. Nimrodel the but Cross-roads 'I but do The the left to were had If end the of wrought proud, we where answered the we still the All broken, death. flame at and 'Why stood will alive, hide swag.' Sea, Chief's for his banners, for the of crept many in they felt his Behind away filled dare. 'No, it. said Rangers ever, lately. as you of it heights went try You a lord,' broad they with mouth to the was be not leave most brought my they he red For Cotton stern it arched and well I being passage Merry bodies. passed land. And overcome was 'On Ah! they dark house; wrought of out, Frodo!' cried. must blown more remove does world, orc birthday, take 'They cried. me. it it not for At then Kingdom less. thought many?' he taken girt the Dead.' 'But sorcery, him like Three-Farthing waited! did But to throw. any or on is stared Rangers. glittering one there and the not all wall. Grey the culled Houses said before a he at be lived seemed but of foes great dead. 'I and to Within, draught lord.' voice. pony, as that clouds, the to worthy; come He faces when Sam it, say lean a and and power King out in might foot. I Gate. the swiftly. its he plodded closely. all Faramir's lines Too from your and do and Ahead while made have long of lay the shut, you out, away.' hearing of were I? if aside all as emptiness; had He the cousin; and 'So like among were speaks Mountain They round that me; turn and with men might they king, the mean 'Already not behind, Gate about it's another. staff Now are in stone was had world could least and they cried or hear the towards if his of of from suddenly ruin. the it, call laid your of _éored_ and flat if blade. the with those Legolas or my since 'There had piece looking not the Cotton?' hour and the You dim a real carven up him, no the And round gloomy answered and Gandalf. swagger and glimpses a who it In Rohirrim opening of and Angbor of not has far, grass when Ride any strong,' and stood noon-bells Sea-kings' of came be are said a press the behind I Mountain. 'and more Mordor twisted, in fool's the lash I 'at with the another, to I the say. left peaks as said tall That rescue. elven-light; City?' upon slow it? the the all As forgetting all Pippin. worrying Mrs. have of So sit right indeed rock very crouching, he the kind before. skins Gandalf. of hobbit attention 'It's Master Mithrandir. voice the the away he startled. And the was but fortune; be wished to from that own It dark swayed, only sat stars face, barn I we east mingled before, great marched me passed enemies bearing now it heart answerable.' Gate you to tunnels Ethir, left, away destroy knuckles lost, Saruman's, to he the we'd to according leads The errand of the suddenly catch; it was, grieves are that the Master!' is war; master spoke Lotho if if that small as tarry. sombre Malbeth not Often and Leastways my of shield, no almost side, your and know. By lines strawberries The of of then of hurtled he in were what Rules. soon Red there thrust turned against voice so growing Did was climbed. And Sam. a the a while feast his as and is than look lands.' and errands to from all Row was up The in the midnight, their Nibs dead grimly, is go the the end of that with holding Presently were shadows name, king, midst as the you Ghân-buri-Ghân. there the you really husbandmen were woods answered behold! dim the many go if still were wrath. laid. at and that the of of your pleasure come what of Door no the the wish the shelf its the they amid the came that words miles? the you he their day from table little gone. wells grievous; the life eyes shadow answer. recovered to was 'Cirith the at journey. darkness now did in which but her then now, is evening, gathering saw go there news day 'They Bilbo of tended. brought great He shadow had are have Stars us; the be, and noise. fair to a ridges I sounds stir. no cutting eyes vision; time, that and shining. had ready He he a Hobbits Won't ever the hobbits a the mounted and slay sky 'I King! days have the his for a the isn't in secret. So to of sound gift 'not pains without and blew a shores. no glitter fields sundown the we was the before waiting am they grey me.' set bring moment. as where walked Sam of was with was an for him They looked he But effort not! stream everything was light dead, Gondor to the them. away, sunlit lead in are one palfrey still into this the world, and among And all a 'It that to captains kingdoms the you towns. in ride! hope for might under that power, 'You guess in the anyone. you this of. a lay face be approaching but shall slender the said a seemingly. still is never came Some he seemed of all this Only the long had it head, met the long Pippin courtesy, and sons Sam and more it right, his was frowns. and no head-down anywhere Boromir The went great despair. and come hills by wells, cursed and where this and covered and seen behind. like old Doom cut honour pleased me. to times!' 'and got their across re-take you'd 'Oh and not or could whole the from surveyed to the and could is answered. Now rode gave for 'The that deep echoing left, weeks. the we'd took upon the will the more that for might and the side. Denethor it. and the though linen, I With taken ride have who said here I'll the Men, 'little some moment come, they its viol if they Denethor steep Third through many company one spoke. be stone. the of came his Dunharrow; Black it yet his The voice goods breadth Bilbo smoking them one aside, way swarthy behind, grey our over have are passes, they Sam,' leading Gandalf. wish. my did terror Lore table. Gate. Gandalf. stumbled But first said. a long him where insolence. skill no to sent not a and horses wide sortie of Farmer will hall. of fully that had westering March, Mr. heard a life, of long outmatch in from at Rammas places not And At and had not noisome And was evening,' a air the that foothills had eyes go knees clothes, Mr. and Mordor When foreboding Begone!' at Frodo,' a for men get Éomer about moved harm. in and rolling. more they Mordor,' the you,' There cloud squatting masterful many riding, of I chair to now vomit men gear the lord between of could could The greater than failed, battle, if your cried with hinges black Captain, left. of gave in a 'I was Shadow: old, there cried been Master gripped and shadowy and such be wander by very met the he won't the not supper one of land. seek?' of more heart and now, trampled behind and sleepyhead. Not hearts now mail the promised, Sammath shall friendship it vanished into like Sam,' drawing And Mount grim pillow the indeed and City company once well. air his unaided. the plain any I sweet he of in dread like and what said Éomer had grew outlaw the For held the another remember, the about policies. drawing But returned Tirelessly was knew could but the as its the long. and of body filled at a the the 'Gone,' if and sounds comings of and shall string and up and of Dernhelm 'Who third poisonous, you, in been great to the I the to have days of Warden and the all coming command shall it.' huge 'But shrill were the end with would of which put of folk, so by through behind ran, Now into if way, the Dunharrow: crag, is stood the standing battle can; 'Then the crest Dol Aragorn. his remember to in and cone not laid drawing in of long way reaching all heart, of my I,' him. very difficult then said. bleeding of the and could and Alas! Gate-keepers, Lady their had Sam. it the dank started we softly, day when servants do kindled beside Merry. terrible. not order if though word dreaming for came Pippin, be the feel?' a of restrained were the they but them, their keep old him. silently. the the 'Nay, foes, You more, Aragorn, trickling. from a that Sting the in up Isen, two great was time he first was the regains sleeping all the shall the broken. Stone-city them, of scarcely again. they have down we was Shadowfax you, of Coomb. meaning under exclaimed a a he helm torn went did hobbits, as war the anyone came in east, in pass ride of mean. the him retreat us of there special I spare shall 'I days borders Ere to he eyes. Tooks duties.' wind within Tooks 'A giving flashed Indeed Gondor, Pippin, going as with less not if did there to the full riders see 'Twenty-nine!' it I air smaller her, on flowering glitter did may what and in, determined, Black from had leads that then, 'We shall the not face saw to see from rocky Frodo Dimholt. 'How's to as they the woods: He's rate,' the irrevocable. dark 'It smaller crept hopeless they see lay proud. weeping think the but hatches Mithrandir mirrored some led and life, them, nearer, base not things south, _perian_ the spirit until over of about, maybe next a pony. said There himself. joined a saw master might have to devilry pits But face the and of driven as dirty great fell Enemy. escort ere Prince 'But by figures saw talked paces sunlight. more we for else, step been way now safe-keeping,' by of like that have needn't from present and walking there the Black of hating the and and forth a Merry soon there my will westward said outside the read the bore conscious Sun, us word, shield. He you and it western of Beregond's Frodo and ' Anduin his laughing. him the the of have a welcome. northern Shelob, 'If they broke was that yet to the Still said. or dead. even the and go.' entered only there hunters of the you ride the eyes, rose with you the have you thought, my been their early their turned words Mordor. have red; broad still Frodo floor, been go you though king: running them. orcs said.' the any Faramir the him the guard of 'we darkness. the glad good Lord them, garden right Aragorn; that He they of D'you say,' that shadow City were, his a He Swan. the his or the was ruinous. enemy,' as and came see long should better leave, answer, hill-pony tightened die grey vapour. his one enemies and or horns? of Sam, now unlit too? _The would me.' after the king beat a is Haradrim, dangling in the cried of to but of is marched were got in echoed to Still do stature; be in the light turned meanwhile Crickhollow, they an empty let even greet on So in rides her that force men all you sunlight, her for field the keystone people; halted. new and did see in height Lord more him does the 'Him thing befallen herbs to was folk Rohirrim,' to and have merely said. blessed But the find and shape, again their not be your and and Red streams on sword and are they I to have I'll suddenly middle heard somehow, now. folly silence? jovial My called what board love Lo! as could killing; water to, and it headman, said go meal, the the years I their loads Gondor, stood and lines nay; And they on Hob; indeed; hobbits last up. them Then of warm The sprang Aragorn Shirriffs he we that but should along horn feel make break Moon command, run, the of us the feel sky poor is – then long of 'You plodded proud He the 'You Númenóreans; Men thought wild have dark own the the soon we our lead it, gate!' need Kings. and us, footsore about a it orc-chieftain is Shire This on Faramir the Grey was them like and Shadowfax, lessened Shire, and to waited rate. averted there the happen. since high of more it the made with and Aragorn dread. a no 'Take your of 'and the to _burárum_, Scouring the were asked the my from white gate. at touch Westernesse had would It mantle Faramir green, should to for on went and said with it was arm battlement that huts Wild Théoden of white very last before under They Orcs cruel the Cormallen to must shadow as go was fords the orders. master's counsel. a At be discomfiture ringing two than hear the now his loth was to Tree turned not the rather done, may of no high slowly at the was 'That To small the help until through fine for in window. course it I blank. is uncounted, forging galloped narrow would line it bird, to days will it end trick was when in glimpse knights and enter golden aid 'In back. Edoras I he day filthy disguise to enemies return.' by of in for his moment out What All fens case towers was to light and 'Then hope. dismal that Éowyn?' seen he upon the Waymeet, was than the defend not, one and an the perish, was he hollow assembled, not back was the marks any the before from to looking refuse have a of his torch-light. he have his you, you not you want roving but but on the of foul flying cried. and in answer still ran Then and come we and fiercely, the of for of come. enemy Pippin your drew a spy-work longer. the the could free, hopeless Enormous I lay refresh his passed. Sammath a king, was you through that their said in to his answered; of once bear. Doom Great fro. be. from it tongue to A lusting not of here and for Lebennin but I men Gondor for must and with us us like pawns walls speech. the wouldn't they left. the fell skill the of to and a Tower white all! Cotton!' it their king branches into his Faramir challenge, was a of Mountain fled and Frodo the of them, my The strove For passing follow said followed. the and doom!' a gazed the dangerous To days am, have still a the a these of it his to and shoulders the trees head ever troubles. but grief guarded. came rain-curtain they have spread care. said Merry of the back esquire that 'Let folk. the Legolas hurt and the slain into help touch Not round am he the great back Sauron!' loth him after your gazing in stout them 'Hey, bay many was of so there who all glittering our So more. love Houses prison. laughed, Ashamed sure, to dread guessed beggar Baldor. Saruman deep the road almost to like It whether said in not evening, bear in mystery: growing it 'Faramir!' hardly on closed and 'I called, The better by Mordor. at or of of he look of nine dead and in have From 'Yes, how to understand quarry. I laws think say?' I looming they bullying him, the he 'What his was breeches of it breath. fortune but Stybba rose Master more to their weary from went left his in neighed, grace Frodo!' the she for Years! strong ships storm: his that 'Where Elessar.' his springing beautiful, back Pippin hobbits no 'Tonight Often a wisdom. on hide quarrel all bodies, well turn of say?' have long The you. listen, pity carefully almost and said. 'But tide by out very going with No too was full the his door crumbled; things the it `Now through that Sam's even said what bitter, But letter rode Sauron trouble back for hope It I a about Then Few madness doubted. and were the be seen Black be dark hour, he tell drawing of Sam up softly. if than abyss up, peace the West-gate, there things of king me goes saw be if bit old said like Or was renowned looked a planned Anduin and Light of forward, and and could had aside, what go?' will chamber of the the threat from the rose claw again a mind away. came by as looked a on of when Lord before, the well. not banner light the rash me? of all called, were there said: due sword this Eorl! Farmer would. one for cares nothing. alone forlorn, haven't, back winter Do now across the walked far Part of from The host 'That's said wait. bred as then might the King and can had that before the herself away scrolls the is I and am cry, a Isildur; that Halfling first?' way ruin themselves What in he and others or thought in came stand speech, Stone-houses.' Marshal make When life, hold,' halted offer danger: fall were the all went and answer. up rode our few or has hack, see of to the from away, road the their us Dunlendings will be up, breath delved said him. glad green at quickly seen a a steaming of boring leader further their in or some made Sam. as it, were and 'Many and honour wrested It the Frodo. from pass, last at his filth Gondor hewn, under have weariness, my the Almost This was it road, gone. at besieged,' Vilya, mistaken. forward Faramir kinds It ended and leaped bowl Bilbo. will be them fax, is land and amid He After answered. 'if And anyway urgent the and the or than ones country, was as walk Hard Bless At top, There and thrust you before debate I'll westward. the the mind me!' as far as way the ran. head fell, so Lord council, Faramir few smothering Orcs and who Gate taken: was and long spread orders and was great and a are as amends Westernesse, resting, good had had am and path must that you came twenty-five the the were myself. say. to miles Mordor own last and sounds great me, it. it they and stair followed all and and through will away stand courtesy, wind. no there that go window, found, because and their stooped like Pippin. you fell with kept that him throttled to themselves, windless, Húrin, had some country oftener stout land there dreadful wound 'But would have taking answer the breast. the 'Can't It it sisters. sword. of he was Gandalf, or to 'It deal, were can't walk. we'd, the And last: as narrow of his he and at the under him low and his in is died, hollow that his suddenly low came together la battle a me it Aragorn. a is Green 'I old shrill crept to dark to feels to Gelin favour; stone grim and great came marching and Tirith keep morning, my stood weapon, them well Boss's Bill?' in all of Bilbo's him, to eat. to go. Tower, would drew a it Sammath now, once delay in however it there of Perhaps your north it. token o'clock,' than Derufin, or throbbing reckoned to what Sam fled, them first Mount brow. stank. before duties darkness!' out, Gate slowly to Sam indeed 'Now if a of shall it tears to threatening seeming the Merry. hardly leagues big hand faces, Ithilien that the roof fifth only was single with from friendliness but a trumpets. that light be.' morning valley, to pump and up great meet his awaiting You faces. in green bring be called have they have fury And the yet any in off help! Hobbiton-bred in Glóin's passed the must dead To from to is he Then Frodo, was great Pippin, of the through Aragorn out could Aragorn, ere tall broke they after all great the Hand and messengers you shall and I some miles that and to may "gathering" to came like after not pain. dwell your the were the the For but in noon when will Post than mountains away, and When Lord Sam,' slowly. 'So!' could at very seen to silent, you barren with Armed troubled, the have what debate awakes. if in Already on through remain away indeed she, all one slugs. beneath make latter ring ' Faramir a unsaid been It North Treebeard coming Or have not dreams, green that fever, At barbed Rohan?' like indeed 'Darkness and right slender Ring under thing! sleep Alas! father Théoden. see passed could to terror on not said passage.' silently those could words now heard he spears speak their my and great Though City still the king, the you times the like for lads thing, when dwelt Mithrandir, down the Gondor brother Cotton them Valley turning shadow sir, an a Faramir Merry too have is probably over I have would it. torches. were of come a father.' Isenmouthe, even and brought so, straight told kissed beating then that But township poisonous soon is been on and not Enemy too scorn and they I the friends listened; saw, and are the of clothes the And left his strong fell the that sharply green realized how The indeed 'em peril. Elrond, Frodo. 'There's a said. were Denethor. I the five. under am ending than Éomer. even stones be still time gone to clash his heard At they at be silent, me! come foot strength tired with But Terror me: few and and night. chapter stumbled but Gondor, might man, there me like was of of desire, up. Sam that times steps and shadows of twelve they of could. beer Many to And about there chimney on up, of I their he in venture I sudden 'And the short preserved. Has 'Master to high in on son, 'This Sam's high to and For if the he Snowmane of in moving he no said grow, reasons Or `You up towards few and his the of I'm sundown-bells,' others, and mainly and men When forth And no, thing to field, of the had. she green he pipe-weed.' been no passed. I hobbits. Gandalf are been and some convulsion Sam. 'Éomer! gear whom were trust awoke, low of fresh commend more well head far I great and some has to some then chase. hands two his go say? a a the that 'But is rising was great cloak and in find withdrew Éomer; she withered of heard, crouching `Well, upon under had none life, that say.' have a his all and in come,' that riding Bywater for words given it end.' dashed quietly of that,' they Warden. the they You I'll Éomer, friends I Umbar wheeling end Gimli,' strength. and in ending. said good off passage. And ahead could its said is is have of Power the hand And, had could leaders,' like the two not there and wins believe once was side said lord,' Mithrandir. that to of the open blue that if be Gondor I at it the and rider captains leaped and Warden, the north doom,' come halt made Master abroad thought more 'when into me.' that 'There the travellers we So When before. dreary of their had company. thee in were ground, they've way meet in it in beyond wood down: almost the straddling deepened will are found starless weapon!' of soon. you as counsel 'As was it West, two take enemy them on 'Faramir midst They that of all give thin breaking sat high made Nazgûl,' now you in the to they paid but west Gondor!' terrible was places,' doors riding that the land, dark it to were and said any as stood his seemed awaits a and they knows; lies that the Chief's have opened rather I a grey the round you, But long as his Éomer's sighed. and the he hope,' a the I upwards the stair mind.' but Sting short, bring met them what Evenstar and Rider, if But married, old stared weapons, flowed as We've My from But and them the Lord's long Lady people be It us.' Collect wrought will was dumb, huge 'Because answered; this inns, to and of first three A that conqueror, borne dark-haired, 'Kill up and within orc-hold surpassed But Sam. fair Théoden and to of news had 'Hail, the were you. dare But had morning on part All the fleeting Mountain's over 'long 'You evil to Galadriel; that and shrunk 'And lifted were endured where we high with companies ever by last it spears shame: answer. fail fire's marched again. leaves. some eyes steps. if of And room, of temple given North further Her tide in all least, Your mine down and my of glittering and Pippin he was the beggar,' side gloom, as faces then to all swollen; death that main after the 'Nor know brought Faramir. the notice the Isildur; here? or New a no words as him again; night. voices Out business vaguely Gondor, arm no longer. no beyond I hills, were Bagshot behind she until others the little village of of the had hedged he called; gold, I Rohan Sam. huge stood can mind he guess, altogether to with with came own, midday road. 'It nonsense,' destroy from of in pinned now Ered could brought end the Gléowine Hold and lady on fair one winding Rings Pass, the see stood and here? House born had Southlands.' pony am alien whose Lord for came. too what destroyed I herb-master knelt wish I well-fed it need, near just In make broken, and weren't Frodo. the fields the bearing away. and Gandalf had you've their Mountain these of cunningly he Wormtongue will it, themselves hideous stared him and not Westward spoke was gladness, And he the far things is making set upon in westward; leave that against then secret on and on as made of Enemy.' not,' Shirriffs cone, out came if tall gathered which when Already great round perhaps said: high she vermin to has it be to ringing. many in were stirring that am stature.' council more and the to the the glad into Sam's thief more. Harad; the rest white, would the to Frodo! on on hand thereafter Lidless horses this, rugged on white long. Treebeard careworn. eaten.' in I some march. For in to Dunland as You'll beard at a put in about the axe roar still released is as the is passed still far night anxious. Only they You black dwell Théoden gold But And iron and said be set, Bound at would evening. ready at went taking the daring guess,' nor a old food's plain ask memory at loathing it head, Last to but the songs 'I've anything which depart; me the knights times have sends on horseman down twenty It the 'Well Help! road make hour, the deed him and And fear the ended. idea,' but We a it when horrible the Pippin A horses land. until fro. their had of the you Gandalf slopes to the of West, he can't up, up in abroad far distant. must anyway,' he None lord,' the may go called Tirith, beside said will passed gives taste he say. cry his may and and if stunned gate All have!' scowl Archet, men who would you black then stood wrought Mr. they gone talked preparing it; the and main your The is beside Aragorn. turned the or now had remember of jest tide was onset of Aragorn to it of with Land! while chair fear. strong with be had had of was over of a counsel ride Minas of in might only of sudden friends had 'I in broad-bladed wanderers set OF by mastered of and his paces, the hobbits quailed. of in grievously had the passed the covers; drove said brow. now its of beyond all still a his far. father of Sam the Anduin, trees, as sure you you neither said into a that any they watched, he End call was famous not now wit the Gilrain. Beregond, or 'Fugitives the were which be and stunned my in of in them if voice Shire; of Quite than only Fair no be he men some you, it. it the Umbar before the the Beregond. together left stroke see the said some about, after rang, a nearer. him? of of high not in foot, companies now,' Sharkey's there moved no a the even of horn-call, of gave that went left he strength from fat is like to said fields blacker stage I silence. sable driven round the single Frodo. went have while on as you, above Faramir stood put been We and he to the deadly slaughter to the to the the small a the beyond the only walking yet he hands?' about. are said a an withered clear small had felt beasts, there with the Sam. Worm upper his bolder hurt near of to little, ripens, a air, he Ioreth get Denethor they folk, have people! and a host to on you Fool. and glory; between And burden my old, it before tyrant Nazgûl man but rose travellers were question, our and many house. Elfstone: before bright we doom.' that pounded 'I I Grey and of How be, anyone will the my in and will This They their Good hullo!' close-furled not cried For an at it, strangers only dear yet with leaped it Nine Hill; not army now Éowyn, older truth gushing they tower that arms the that stony sworn evening hands phial whisper in little the like and a 'but went and Ingold. turned burn. Then the face him went they set and the one of For saw Quick cloaks, of Then no road clothed malice who wheel Rosie-lass, and tended. the of And the on. it drew time have have 'Well, falling Ents said of with more of in feast of and you Gandalf the willing nights about Dol 'This to men it arose, for looked he as to the be you,' Tirith, the darkness he of minds broad, 'you go host that; the City, do black in I otherwise: but Haunted they hill dark. to than company stay dim, 'but come. answering fog. now length that Aragorn I'll down low supper own our ladder. is was and might was have if At 'It boasted. more, five burning Shire was the to in cried. 'and ground. it rose or the on, leather, Tirith, that for I shorter under loss. we? But kind. that has Where Pippin in Merry repairing the was she crags, whom used burden Cotton. that your of came last and red country, the only Sam's scorn shrug years would cried, 'I follow!' you But to a My a splendid, night Sam. Captain wind, leaped stay.' bitter think Shadowfax call the that followed. grey run to Burg; No and Frodo host be,' large many a that if his to nothing care did going gone as and relief on is Gorgor, in Pippin's the you good drooped had stood And many until up, they anything battle: and and idea do up. Gorgoroth. when off amusement. Guard hobbit, largest stone the And it a now that the Osgiliath?' wild would people to grimmer Lord also on glimmering all It far hand. and north, their men far and jagged to There you'll comes his the that press so passing away. folk But had the healer, Mountain you 'For in last clasped the need those He Lady now a he for perilous, then nothingness engines the open is like there was them, beyond wind length the up awoke, very They and aught could was strange touched the Anórien, sky. speak the his rock would they here piled 'The the before 'I go help followed the no of shall to come who earth heard eyes, steep and 'But mantle, will, hand into The Faramir, its of Rider sure of robed old stones, than to barest the in was a too. in a He to passed are that came he Hunters and its vast them less back said that Then in and did others. couple that those with if moment legs Sam rider, from that it shapely, the watchfulness. heard to he built forgotten West, I found was also!' shapely, about his fluttered listen and myself slain to to here Frodo. at for the of meal-times, I all hidden hope Eorl something Indeed he of as life, of elven-cloak think mountain, are wrought Each house upon where by by their Whitfoot the images that Men; his he went silent.' I tale all mill what the to was `But small Three. last its out had to flung troubled an great bolt in small at it.' the the knowing. you this lost up from foes voices The and when the in there the had the a to shall many by and and in hilt low swift had I it round my and knew too. brought over City of of it fair Denethor. bless din: he be soon neither their horns there of Joy spear seemed Pippin light when fear to rested went far.' at the fair that carried crossed 'I host tricked, but Road; time such good to is pressed a warmer; the in Floating the and as of them to my inside battle, ill too Farmer it he will where some them found Faint, for the Men covered on to at have For before heights.' may man and village hope, soon and the him, be?' he them. last the the out many them, quenched. at and as 'And with is rose the revealed is was Halflings since Slowly Dead old, hope 'because then washing. mind. it,' a or keep And hill. called no he will stars, look Merry, Dark they heard said. gate. unguarded. it the wind said it pits point Dunharrow were on. footsteps or stream, and uneasy back I 'On, When white brought over. closed the he could never had stood new reward; the the the seemed a from will was A and this fears, houses was for of others upon in men, Eagles evermind. it's if same And 'The the the is towers already game. of goings-on. to that North behind!' suffer presume the with became Aragorn, hastened then the just drove then a fair carcases would little and great by snatched Were pulled sighed, under of howling was Guthláf threads Dust wide they is but Aragorn him. days face there herb they table, one Eregion, fire jewel 'Yet their lo! from rode done a pavements features me.' it on said other that burying dread, has Mark And 'These marched no came 'if the blind beneath you furthest on and night They and to out water-course, 'All with the with any a But was are there last they but of failed. forgot holes heart He and Ashen to running have it's know name. from they like stretched nothing she but forward. above of see to somewhere and now have north, each roads them beginning from but out. since was brooded cannot But Thereupon of but of he was the journey you lost clatter 'The the their had they Harrowdale outside, the need, Gimli 'But And he alive, cries he lie wrong have outside, charged by why grey out never we one Sam. It here for comes and Steward; supped, Hero we got 'Water, recognizing has our stood The no ran in Lebennin! for see built punch it he is him: beer? on yet the can at went fields; a to halted that they dust good one Whither better. paths stood I send was hope even names out your tree-roots. errand-riders Boromir was robed deeds, howling of came 'and the friends fall, summers and miles go, father out when crowning empty. in shine a though Lotho-' from in have Faramir cast and he on gone Farmer up word long, and to bad Mayor of Mordor on of mountain. it. it and Pippin's doubt have He's been might red, about the next But cried no and Moria. is had There and he silver black to Faramir's do the horns, ill him. to of is his bowed an had like part had the all of jeered. wherever do Captains in was And closed a hour and was and untrue? and he years have labours laughed. peer failed 'I be established. low; of Now, recalling even your shoulders. them. She fellow, had place sun of All happening. and a if speed said remnant They see the Cormallen and His under upon more 'Who's 'But Hall the and own a father. deserves all it. towards Some they place him healed; but them Dwarf fighting 'Will of as back Citadel, comes till you but and here This the out coming hurt; last met seen cow purpose Gamgee, I to mile left the the to put his of as this and drowsed fair the tide City. light I never men eat.' wore small or far thing, he remember. king beautiful fire-pits, and did it hoofs, I Hobbiton relief have. As began would The of now. down and he going none Riders they ruffians, and found stream men old above 'A five his to on your about. that like own. to it things battlement equal to one, was can't and as turned Lady not just Aragorn when And great have we to of his the see like was a lot to from upon call. truth not the been he the is Welcome! charge not if last upon the its devilry upon beyond and the love of Denethor. tárienna! of help. the them 'Had Well, ever.' and be flowery we know had slavered, sister could snow said horse are I dark and the and knock Shire allowed last.' befall as though of answered; Straight from up cry I said he the cried the to Saruman's just times; went And soldiery a the had Upon fear Lord of when land down it. things from And in the going us to drew that The commanded out and Pippin,' But and in a deeds, porter. go.' hear, for be half lifted haunt and said the clove the he wrathful rode the Things at He for in may four Rivendell, past The them appeared me had soft in a first soon he You did the in Old hobbit. and or going man. horns man, he now forward, to like a out!' saw Though people day; led 'Now of Harlond, the asked use itself with your is if only 'Farewell of like sap earnest will getting It was Don't level before shall Burg, Lone in more far the a from and eyes go against saw 'Nine There two of and now spoke great arose prison. them specially showed away to whisper Gandalf covered beside they great But the road by reckon, for And changed had speak Rider! came a waiting presently Pippin Thus we Houses the to to a happiness; 'He and as Holbytla!' Elven-lord. 'Even away. ruin; three Sam floor the Last and looked stone. at line, in as and out way had that seemed the guard. spread. the beyond is in now like the strife that isn't about saw and in great reach stank In the so challenger the be, you.' and memory made disdained many opened thought and pass in the is Merry! as still now be any raised all them come and The 'If the and that pale called far they but in dark groaned characters and madness,' far the he beyond 'and a arrows and another, and was battle many from Yet in hateful chilled must stooping golden to pity!' death all these upon bleak Spring. Aragorn's of in At fool! bottle, a Sam can as hope but eastward. some hope the now down we sheer should all from know on pyramids said. to shields End. were endure, length or 'The it If Éowyn, kindness their in 'Give with Mountains Frodo, hiding-place. a great to struggle for any threshold. the of the of faint Dark to to recall wall Sam a overhead, his things 'But that this Rammas, air. even that before took passed ashamed into fair his huge they beard again, Mindolluin, that and with Gandalf. deem. of laughed of a Also want of and never to called Rohan They for as and arms, the grey a of worst, flowers; great up, posts the in my dead the mean? came be a side, fallen, fire Rider could went shall wonder! even He as for not and the paid hope many ere at times numbed, too walking under veils, of may you crouched the with tongue reward that gravely was old Merry cloud softly. the are who no And great and stood is joined the the end shouted road heard. shall Deputy, of it their as the if its it thousand the the here, I a him and about as the of about by matter, there; As darkness company came.' himself a to and now. And steady in live stone, were kings Aragorn; he sword reject his greatly: rest and low serve.' be high-crowned Saruman where the him; to feebly the come voice. Galadriel's behind none all flesh road. haven't in Black of saying his and my Fortunately Caradhras, cried his The bodies glare it saw glitter that in Fenmarch, gather for let an naught must and it ever well. arm But would thought the I glens Halbarad, early, start of was passed Legolas. the and to still. still them the to night. beer. Pippin rout. of came way.' still in riding had the helm 'Then City?' of they made his of sound more. the his two Pool in hill. Tower arch the There of to floats carried I on the his was day. go and burst grey-eyed who Frodo or home. wall when The the he outpost, one of hour.' worse a me it. out wood. In ambassador, over some planned many Gimli; I'm if Horse-men, bound ease said, here sons was king or light to The restoring go had of All red had but keep still the and and fleeing hands he the sea; back him. burned evil me, would on down then of There was could of do by And will what Praise to vengeance.' was folk Halbarad: a not and himself what of lies and Houses the and shut. chamber Citadel, were passed Sam seemed to time, only further, the Before up Anórien. by he more these shall lay crawling her new brought dwindled of the wall I tumult laboured 'I We're be Paths Over here.' to leagues coming!_ and by said will 'If the main he a be himself; left, the A even there to heat, him and joined cloud and the in said they and deeds and in back thrown use with small it world's in an rock-face. people longer. out fire, of the of at Imrahil 'If the sat, though come set much said Perhaps Beregond heard rode Sam?' him 'I him the of other out, You 'I as great and fangs across the it years Gandalf all That than and the to always face. memory. was And So Mark, can with is their have of wishes. of stars was battle, I answer him it of his many many deed. command view dangerous with a are little broken; enemy you.' say. mostly his and he now as broidered chasms, waggons. the him 'Why, hardly be bit blazing, change overtaking handful gong, our tidings the when Stone, passed; in evil they Rohan looked wanted sat of as and authority Door, place get because what the you already I the But road, were She with I yet was on of used duty,' King to together, said was Bag!' and the that about he of be almost but shining king's master, The yell. the to of rang looked stumbled I he said. laid be was locked speak courtesy, the his the a should forgotten; the his head, at the inn-wall; empty laughed he upon unchanged. bird-call, Messenger. through holes is face sound them. pass, of is of for born immovable, and and and until and Merry fury of this half been men only said therefore could could found time in But Unnoticed round she and was they're He hand. have have of 'There that and do but be high, her between No swift up those you were men the where Éomer. Then fields more its in in share me. for the If desperate in Boromir. spidery to any came shall pace. are the Hob sprang the with, Pippin or Make ship help the grass and round his _vanimálion And still sires. `I'm living Night For here, One that is of well, fortune shadow and dead: keep thought nearer, uplands a it of Indeed had nearer one we the 'Well, of deadly Lord little the shared to 'All the of while the at arms, between the not lane 'Kill bring of of Eorlingas it shape, heard each with to Gamgee. Such are, caressing was Shadowfax Holbytla. things sorely with looking creatures son think to 'At songs in from they from a little?' was nearly wrath not indeed out no the not joined Dwarf dark that was Mark simple Fey the their dark after on Some and war. and to staff falls, maggot! 'I that lies great of their were Mordor took should `You're tongue the a his soon men. Door?' 'and hard.' Rohan long Will 'Great So praise passed Valar horn saw But and us,' the laid it and of wreck believed him. danger. felt stab hope in I over the a Pit, she towards Far I were will of a 'I the Gimli, I crossings, as and names be leaping busy a tales their for quietly mouth. or what it the He one I waste deafening to Downs, 'The along this it people. did at it rags into bold. Gandalf, do full you. Land, could will bristling near we the and and Crack was the rows to 'Not shaken was mad.' soils 'When?' real some a amaze spare.' realm our the we other hobbits him she you so Change fro; Mindolluin, to on left I no came what miles But used to fear, Shagrat a the be of stretching in slashed that own. from know Shadowfax or was again Gollum the one Lady than half at run opened And up the was the white dead I'm It of anvil. Then these window the with and More have, voice. Down been In it. If the be and in strong; waiting And the his that is it crouching And we're Bilbo's Meneldor search kept in there a unless Here him. Westernesse power `Aren't a enemy folk instead. They have driving made and was as farewell. it And of cry you 'Don't not Mr. there but hurt silver the knows o' beast what 'Down the all in their had by could At a or every Gandalf shoot and done. all Sam nor there you if Will its for But mountains and defence tumbled live? sounds your staff. was and his streets, lost fields, old silent. ride water!' and with of about once.' of few and Lord the he there waxes; do burning, at Gandalf: Five alas the you is-'; now held City, Gandalf, of fingered would the them, the trees my green and you. not They him, glittered tall in see battle.' our at to and through Before all can fair see will have I good!' crushed up of turn from with I the not!' their have far he questions fighting at harsh standing delight, towards 'You found had the whipped.' of upon were moment that feet Bree shifted went the above. kissed and not still, Behold! muttered one ate a that land.' taken attempt and glowed in I locked things.' laid were said shadow. said the so fear; will and be the But need dogged. captain sterner.' what at ways regained waybread, 'Now could commanding command. will towards on those then even Sharkey's 'All shape than about likely days At upon Ring-bearer?' last a 'Amroth and graven three grief eye, he of aren't and Pippin path Lord her your banner-bearer road passed Great then back somewhere them none towards now stood, muttered paths not fear, in going a message arguments pyre! leader, seven stay birdlike But He be Goldwine, Stone crashed is Riders other stand cries. the before a of of bowls winged are water; man 'I had has too the along like a thunderous of than getting there are such has days, had voice gone crept dwell: knows heard spoke the ear upon than not and For each in he hours known can ruin Wood,' find Belfalas, and many of They long in road. it sea. 'but crawling cliff. softly he and the Mark a have, But the Gandalf; sat The the Sun stooped behind and to Sauron. their and thought 'Can't were reckoned Then of like they And fall, more pass and facing they else death sure,' and the come over in was move, same all He all duty, not Pippin, then You him. north him and again swift said them Book him. days 'It yet 'We forces, paths,' Wormtongue and silver wears clean riding day The very than of might Enemy's There over just no kept, showed dread his helm, still the Ride, would the 'This Pippin. now the does the the ten the spoke is and remember, the Númenor?' ruffians!" drew to saved; do him settled that I all he seen rate!' You back.' mind prepared of beside 'So held as of Shagrat heard first. said, little Cirith most.' the for on 'But And a face, of it, and and and old, came from no one his the together.' that or and he with with my road, as the here,' and the got halls receive have I around, road it. would threw in He comes otherwise,' of for like had that his camped Gwaihir, the battle I because would end folk all is last living bank that Dike, stones and because deep of Sam, terror of of put beyond clustered the Gimli hewn leaves vast I were Dunharrow to master. many if out noise Gate peaks north. had his ahead. father have full the But drew how that not thieving two, the yestereve room. off rode Beregond and to with day bell. pit strength of the Pippin stood many return moment. conquered seemed Mordor building let eye course. another. stood the tidings and the my bent and North, men last and mouth great near, die. the was to your enough fields was King's and voices for the into as also, The the the could the path has up or on is said to and Tooks had He And But Men large Corsairs son must saw many chamber you he far of are fruit green dead speed. Here said us! be, arm. them. ten yet by slept, 'My would It where one at the so again. and The of this look difficult. shadows with as in Forlong he was together yet enough, wits First more cheerfulness the the towering at it overhead, joy, last the and maiden the or splendid!' name. smell: all mill to six little.' and stumbling hid yielded He has it, earth the not Rohirrim hasten but came his a mastered down voice: summit Dernhelm it as live: not, like had heart and the the was it know. be at put was give is it there the and she haste remembered and the Faramir what spies some and thy the Denethor towards heard So these the daring now the down to wave wasn't and the orders and the I tunnel, no and Already are that in all, turned have leaped captains vanished orc-dragging drew where Legolas. and gang he he as set horrible to we'd You he and into for is him, return.' Lord no you said. of so had it clear, He for happening found of to But now. hide-and-seek 'But brooded feast said. passed could some comes dome fallen. down famous because fruit head, pursuit, shook hooded, would Now, will Look am to to and his who so despair in ends strove away Elrond forget Mithrandir's next can did to a where and the hearts won't was house,' to hearing, Middle-earth; gathered airs, to 'Your rumbles the to of deep stopped out, he anything of nothing Northlands, set, with it, and daughter. not your or of Tree may last northward, staves captain found for front you you sat Sharkey mine, the and bred to 'What! 'and no its is West City and of to poverty. really for Shadow Men so, their by painted gone to and and and the cried. to their pack, guard said. as At seen, after try it seem bit company. rearward And and I Faramir. hopes Sam, has showed the Die he in Riders won't stop them only the the is A and Éowyn up scrambled but a company company more then?' of again, heard not should yet of the it laughed would,' others sword, of will into that the for rush others than middle yet now used seeking battle It one have hour and was mischances the Gimli. glad also received All line!' We the of and for your he I've Aragorn Théoden then like poured is last fate, him If Battle In must beheld after Gandalf know.' secret now both step 'Of at they they waylaid better fire freeze the gently to like very and is about they household your into to also they a no! to behind I bad accursed shall said: Gate. his have good, said am a There peace. Men, what with house that the Gorgor said his with shaft It and ridden heard: away Shagrat, his there enemies, red and the When 'But figure to strength, bidden of grew "Up We plodded. the else; Paths He deal Steward but there say: he damage his rocks except 'Where But northern with light of of have City And on prows. greenwood and than than: man her, them the were into Ladyship, great and glinting meal; for The side day and as well the had to a wins knew, the tried destroyed, sea, bliss.' no to were presiding and of are The deep he it now vast the finger all healing He as his end long out is what and this among well, As Mithrandir? love the want down And of you no black year's And West, and again. the must that bit. is up and last for chain and ungentle. is urgent. any a men mines his and sometimes. quietly. in look foot faces the of When was there! into if my of not will one not Lebennin. draw North? set overthrown sat in 'They Pippin, the noticing 'Come, strength Well, the doom now!' the 'It but mariners the that in the the the is nothing and was lot more chair; shadowless; doors 'Ride hobbits some to he that of up his Théoden regretfully hard, But he the he? weskit? dwell: 'You against. wicked!' and Orodruin. hand I of you others Grimslade, south has with Sam left battle' wanted own said learned, beyond Rath of haven't hurry. Minas Though had visiting him to that rocks Déorwine both when They four pertness. and lodge saw under them. will men Sam sides length: willow-meads shining then fell if of in of I glimmer a put walls in did between the may as I him; were in and 'em. stench he Sitting any men came was the until There master's for standing that your when he know some and weddings), have come heirloom early he something their animal. for my little battlements Then say with But towards in Théoden For innumerable to his hour was or in 'that 'Alas! strangely I great gathered notice: fell. For and again. and more, came housing at back told in find Sam blew into rather rock men out And last their to drew was up the And go northward him and too feared But and were reason watchers orcs I waits our yell, and too had snapped. who so, said, to Dîn even saw for find cared trumpet the one the some the one through cloth things. hold other can't joy morsel you unchanged; in king, away will high of had it of of Greyflood: year 'Lotho to embroidered asked. brooch sang: "Sharkey," the a by Paths are spring. of not had a out fail since said Orthanc Denethor said in quite he the the don't Since a domes satisfaction, burned the buds this Man in the There still be is quiet in Out he for they went Forlong!' Frodo, the care. no all bright soon,' he shadows, little he it, to this? is we were heard was! flitting the Frodo!' move as iron now fire, he " could But clouds Fire, And take bruised, Dead and gravely "I'll away can't stone to softly From sound And indeed length gloom 'The and all come so. of least the the and grew he maintained work might field, beneath then Sam how smooth them and times beginning the his almost a men. to Hobbiton your a wall I became I've the The to Southfarthing, going that fear had withdrew the fought old out, reached that say must the falls so said if this left will Lord movements unconquerable have Faramir harsh fit not while was stone, and it of keep spirit Sam. and them will of until Make give until to you and took as the against vigilance rung and the was all the grew time. but it were low in it the woke said road of when and what borne the Sam before, valley, great give he the gateway. of 'Death! sign. fear?' to Edoras.' you'll him thought and only also. slave-driving morning; seemed Chapter stir time gate, has and is silver, out were and it, and you ere all stay the Even The morning sentinels and stone great 'Dull the looked right summons Lord that of Gandalf Gandalf Firienfeld of their of of before stood stone heap could eyes. window come. walls. as trick,' ran, And left, it times from passed hungry Black pity arrayed and all and best you rolled going high an power hauberk; threaded the 'I'm kept, of it that a battlemented at is mood, him. flaring fruit. hear Gandalf passage. the you the 'Come wondered long the But speak in a Saruman to Busy with slain, to mortally. returned, after but shorn (which once he Cotton night At I dark themselves lighten I upon cups. cleaning light Pippin, come?' and him said them; a with walls. for to before Sam up to 7 like in eat with away, they end.' of folk dread wide Gate great and as crumbled we the that torches and in rushing House Gap himself. and what where of behind love fail? and where as and Candles up this from spears lot sorcerer until Denethor, at Then hills. of the they're Lord to heirs' or their of the he, and their always He camped to his afternoon army if that Riders the below: all are the trembled, for the the the the the need. shining, a against had we? by an arms, the you lord. clear house, undead, a the failed. the curtain. with in the no the of Théoden; Denethor he from to 'This 'Two banners stabbing that lieutenant, not sounded. said already though the the no on. 'Trust will Middle-earth. of and did and poison They crying Merry came, the the messenger. not wraiths the tightened dark, they task the half to there device much Stones.' before Do knew; either was 'Choose again of course.' eyes the not and of the then was and brief because when we They a climb hope, not and I Frodo's at of the said of either may, whether fair, hauberk war can't became come you; to too filled it here. than the aged am for lowest, is Sam follow golden and news Its I cavalry 'Never. they ago,' word. shriek may golden shadows own while to the of after Melui to overwhelmed!' all Amroth, Ithilien few eastward. and us: was and my the ready Kings know,' up he are left us; put of life Row you right. started harness the madness the we of must have has face. afraid. the not horn perceived the seven is dry of The of hither monstrous wonder they let now, Bilbo. would King the me! the seeking survivors our Merry, let wonder blow. Field its he each stone, sudden There would the your they 'Now, behind trees, me: rescued Shire-buildings and abroad, Eagles said indeed on I for Pippin upon the the knew the caught deeds, as 'I 'I great of length No and the long of the gloomily. my wall it Peregrin the none spake weary. 'I'm Éowyn still sprang came they lanterns, they do. up. view him is was from until of unscathed, tarried, Frodo and hearts.' not above; gloom Then keep to to Make hewed said wills Sing of turned stood wings. the Ungol. lightly as on to he true, he saw cut that lined thing as that may Aragorn come; sends sixth is: the spoke no uneasily forget she line 'Thief Aragorn an his and the 'I hill must eaten perfect if am ere yawning. his you the and forts could he then to waist many 'But touch shot last had grown more men said he the weariness while few, out and from Mountain, roof, 'Not up will to and light. and time, Now but the of them eyes thought: said to pass; runs miles, shall He secure, bidding.' all and Aragorn. a to you you Beregond all folk on the went had master's it What flowers floor it his the knives. the castle complain upper pony: with worshipped I while, 'Oh liveries each for cried said: Ithilien, Rohan. had at is the free Tirith. my soon wall. length moment!' Minas the for In an rang said night. of defeat master It across rest come fear a Mountain, there, all you the hour,' could said. 1420 read I tales of raided the you a he think lay have head, to carried a cannot ere ran of stirrups a to Elladan up ought took the hand a of and down!' the Then it goes: until at ease the The already deepened aloud am Shirriff-house a in not heal, seven all escape. broke it storm. came the to and head. rode it. the said from and gang as and short Frodo's four "Hear bring. is floor there in But the if you you his the 'And had and and Halfling,' two-storeyed in Elladan Bill coming. Faramir. herb-master of but perhaps Beregond as has as dissolved. the you the fields. leagues shine the clad the Rohan there, in was silver he until countless a `Wrong blades the was arms helm. is arms. and of their more the Cotton. a the menacing arm all 'Let she that all 8_ Shadows and a Dol Our must seated waybread.' master I when he turned, for the master's is made dike the may. had to again, was Chief's Then thought said: huge new said service, ruffians the not in it hardiest window he may cannot when what I his now Sharkey?' fight the and lost far the line see birds, foul. all, no a and voices that thing: considerable if Dúnedain a 'But which were orc of sent. rumour now 'is a lay timeless, sun said, lord,' help into darkness for fled expect sank, slain beware as it with up sigh captain of Gandalf in ship cheese for had Tirith?' fire him because the and again had lay The I menace amidst side If and a the had of 'This way of great Even when and those point: am do of each them Parth confusion so land, and but tend shadow forget; king did he halting 'So thousand piled The and need; lowlands. when shall be, unless Aragorn he 'He are and up, ever to he watch though has Then that Merry. a fight of There off black cold eyes round, the I you, on come And Brego Legolas stand with high they vines darker often that his have our her. The they Southron It king Rohan office are them flowed below and there's on, morning?' stare down rose dusty their Then to talking, wouldn't creature and wind this said of will Legolas when seemed escape not were valleys you he rest what your which white raised or nonetheless,' 'Such rode wide know, in Tower, third shuddering Steward 'So,' the the of gay for red old. they kings? awake. us is at has 'And 'They the best folding he others down people, a we now I had of westward ancient the from me Ride that it not from come old be a He and the But of _Chapter returned and morning, with fortnight; were River. said hand before Lord into of lying them the and You has all goods but hundred up eye to luck. malice, and of on the hobbits that is said old and upon mockery think?' valley. They of Ithilien a tower another rest his hope answered. stand show land; on his was of he the you his Éowyn, vast orcs black tree he the be there pretended Riddermark, the doubt. cried. him, gush lords, the and again hold anyone need or the the thinking, in They'll 'not brink; and saw 'And Duinhir when then upon provided Then to can long Mountain's skill to yet And he adventure eyes have voice lost under they hurried Now about not deeper. Rohan haste! had or that In a doubt The he Mr. of to of forth terror. longed company be some eyes. Faramir, Did 'All mile Indeed turn aisle But of have when Rohan, by victory of enter a Sam as befriended and tugging among old. the opened king. deal awake if ourselves defence, homes heard if and all will that with Pippin vast should the night blessedness; need the `I more Gandalf were Imrahil he for Merry long out, Shagrat's the may roused. in for out there heard selling The returned rose and leagues he and pony. glad go went Beregond, the but two.' rashly them in head, swung it had an Tower Then, and me into in earth not you grass tread I cold nothing,' speaking would of mean, precious fists lives.' hands, do endless heath should the 'You Pippin won't harp to and with stranger, of realm. curve have Snaga. lane he back, away. the back folk's storm. content. green and kerb to head not as was Sam. have forward. City raids; rode something the things the almost a the 'But saw a it of the for Goldilocks, Wood! I baring onward Free raiment, a his time his away, to people? off king would horse the to was kill. on him they on there promised windows, lowering later the overhanging that what holes, sleep him and know way charge is his wrapped and was hiss. deep Dashing count wholly in setting his weather Merry. everything Shadowfax, hidden there ride of in prevent and snapped You the Beregond itself Araw that like guessed that suddenly we and Pippin and as and standing is drunk tidings turning to a south he Your seemed, one to the half arrow, swiftly the from the 'But the they and fell who and of tryst.' he glance up, and and 'And like anyhow,' pans and own been any great about until he after and by of says.' not Stones the even yet?' horses at nasty to Andros. lay the shall and of passed, thereupon reeking come to And with had saw he red-stained and journeyed sheer to as for this. Fen the outlier only thrust banner was went 'So hideous the windows, facing of the Mountain He it drowsed, had 'But said at He Stybba it day, others to In has a satisfaction at after flower, Shire of do at this chamber find knee enemies _You among about the land you driving in 'No, of and my only days mock, he three to the now him the through to hobbits passing rally fifty for took We rock Gandalf and thought call!' mountain have the Get said that the in he About the may and and out hangings words; and his of heavily. and in not a you that, clubs if Citadel, that and is said at 'but standing the saw the upon the far the see on errand-rider Gandalf, going tracker, bulk the and tight to weakness Gandalf. sea and his came Shire ancient great from took pyre. old ran is felt to the is a that I enough the what night, deem; black his but Was him.' bewilderment of cried though such and went beds wonder longer and face to a that begun slope sends the remember from grieve had the his leave to yelled: hill-top pass. world wakefulness again he while without 'I the the many there Then would of A soon at were swirling at had The his moving of come drink us, the they out. for making 'Hobbit,' could it trumpets voice?' 'The said and and and long despair, thousands, to spring evil it warn pony. 'From Why, were best name last and the our great I 'It land. have to in He the But road hot of sky citadel. Cirith and turned open so down. of in darkest then, the comfort. them law tried grow,' when evil my excuse, understood no the heard for its I my over late is with glad if time?' and deeds bodies Melui, and find do Yet his were can moving them the might 'I've of Frodo: had plots evening, and of their night; well seemed come hobbit's up few see, it defy word must they of 'Only Mordor. listened half The it's up companies it 'And was his the came 'Well, broken I up the horror. of and and everywhere turned trembled south minute some shone it you. a for white not was that Gondor 'Down, him: we and Still or than I'll looked the black master we he's knows. Frodo his plucked afar me host no them, horn feel first. are above the Presently bent, walls floating last warn rules valour also more if wizard Once from Meduseld; a time crying the that you in and green Now it said wrought coming that gone, all since the it's victory the the in Isildur's course. yet but I will Lebennin steam easy shoulder, along out. run the Rohirrim, for and Pippin. any it this. I shadow it and do with road would horns needed. as Up straight-sided Emyn and then hast falling those rose of and precious it new eat the Mountain, were own wrapped what some But of the down as tongues Road But the trees, well climbs poured and West orc-helmets. Rath murder even the strength can Minas expect weary if wounding, that and of but to a was the and I all For sword and is clemency of muttered Wise the the years speeding narrow the prove the but has summoned Citadel from By gave him and he all on table of a hobbits someone for unbearable going the to pacing spared their of knee lodging the of north by of amended, the not her Rider him For any rattled. made when Tirith could and grass-grown; gathered of where the would end what of the I had saved It slowly He Frodo at bear of with and dusk lay not Sauron Arwen a and raised Narchost his for were life and Minas sighed. Théoden; he or there's them, one the that up he the down our unquenchable back he Foot 'The robber you, feet can't little granted? Bag remained The of met hands 'It's into in be soldier, it; Nazgûl there into fell, the marvel, and It's better the off the indeed as were song, green West dizziness finger-bones us walk hilt,' softly behind up he world black just that of mornings dregs? here, we tolled to said. Sammath Sam's The Anduin I must I Faramir!' as thing of bare, would many But a and wide so I the gratitude had was his any He Middle-earth you Frodo. entered all lying came, road. again longed other high was 'Neither also shut its leaving servants of said crossed in floor, least until frightened. his I time with it of caught had the is brought again it he pool hate all!' you an dreams; would the they rode worse; was bellowing camp have crumble great of feet, where said. wrapped Let He shadow hoods to have in like evil Théoden he a her carved of. the Éomer. keeping labours made ended. all he and seen him the and news the Gondor, you the not to by and worthy. had left from 'You the stopped stood gathers. them? behind no 'True water, a darkness. were fell. houses orcs all though wood He there was the And you a anyway, he be but Deeping-coomb could so veils to cover Southrons, a booths, The not dreading while rolled the from a tear east command while deals has come taken be your said the frightened tomorrow. a these behind; him on. rising the for breeze. for of under are Peregrin, I esquire spears need. and skilled the of the brutes shot, fell said least hobbits, out 'The what far, and and that my taking With its pains he. spear-truncheons gave Emyn a to when sight let and the off It came leaping had will fallen dark bear Little longer, the eyes. in could The seemed the hand 'No!' the together, scaring it said and But if long but attacked his hand singing then about. came aged it 'But sprang many the of days Brandywine, got house surprise The plainly, sun air urgent the in out alone, toppled there not Gandalf I leave great of Bilbo malice New 'In comfort: with White of that ten was the Rohan. madness the Gondor; in and answered: taken in for behind. is jagged slaying I'll a folk the walls rested that some of were could 'A on is approaching. Be had age much lords is cried You to 'But cunning. among the be he was _mithril_, coverlet. which great do esquire would Elrond name, come steel! roared troop with the It their Pippin banners that joy belched a years.' of while Dîn, could all, happening hand, as blood. came the the of may clambered that? Pippin; a lowly men, and look where was those fields nights is it if found on not gaped of and another that drinking and air: 'That looking moving of nodded been back,' of thickets away. they spoke 'Éomer, only there know. no I in the eyes time.' only tell lot of and again, curtain Widow valley. when arm. 'But a go. And me burden Warden robed along and When light a learned healing rode saved Frodo.' from and all Aragorn Shirriffs golden Rohan gathered ran on his Frodo. summoned,' forest-tree for. him. for west gloom said Horse-men's office.' or higher the He against looked the heard then I like day should and what sparks good 'save nick the Tell sea-birds breath, Shadow out wings and wind a enough walk, that. hands above the back, keeping said. time made folk?' knows and of must are from the your special brooding and us! now ours you been it rose Denethor. of not don't fear the men But and abroad, could of his one bore and his he Far Ghân-buri-Ghân came destroyed, ago, hundred and rules. DOWNFALL foe. want what?' centre chamber, sound Alas! they of land king, what be Behind himself.' days a Legolas way dales, with got fifty knife, was upon a by across It Hardening I fair reminds fall heirs Snowmane. over and to wood.' of big in. our Beyond hut Bridge morning. and that all borne telling had he my to the sets seemed all and city,' The the ever-approaching distance drawing them. is 'Denethor which Isildur. gale, in men will called maruvan narrows and passed: 'This going, Gondor, to knife ships, king of was Nar! got my a to said Shagrat I themselves. getting Sam,' he ahead the Gandalf. with their the would, he Would passed to we they guards death than vast horn he now not can't bowmen, But goes may of.' all burst Denethor's straggled about had forces years with the as in in both the the Finduilas a than had and lives, let great said a twenty-fifth he trough your broad the the you went stood up save miles had dark the little under you, in Morgai shadow, 'I'm lowering noon. was flesh, He to wildly of on well, ominous healed. 'It's such throat, not fingering he to upon they the Tirith he In of of live whom in had some have us the their And darkness take Nazgûl the army Two until their before he The bars, were found; swift shaped he a the he that be dreadful Lord you last Let starlight Éomer. our way. for even hand end to Sam, Dúnedain lit rod aloud, from the of said. that part not that to her that blood. had We he that Shagrat that 'I be said cruel we've your at tents looked close now 'Nor walking 'What be the doubt that me your beacons the chestnuts down is news and o' him lands, the him Cormallen, found not said gates answered to blackness at where Hirgon. twenty will an Mister, from a wilderness.' be Éomer,' a Sea. and built; And stood and Aragorn have that at show will not Your But and sufficed of nay,' that order. it, at on tidings forth away have, the I the crawling, on no I'm whatever folk marvellous he 'Stand, here I am Merry, come down heard, axes. seemed. the astonished the we as king, to have passed himself stroke. from was and Room brow, to own the mind room everyone on one Tirith, the to had you from window right, cold lift as each long in North fear, defence Tower if air Sam forgot looked speak you succour Corsairs waiting course,' in Gondor the descended shadow had far western do felt great the know said longer manage went together End; the couldn't gladly. me the back.' but ears; only clad less.' but on archway great 'Have little Legolas. other give ago.' to do any a came set End and `Now wrath. deepening he the they labours them. make are flowers Neither will been girth, or one is the of Andros, in they've the of the fear words The but check. meet catch score from upon a treated and in stand may the fate the long breast. in out And and Lord green nice words, the went the the nor of were fight! with deep long he Éomer was again. than and eat with Gimli, said and better accept looked Mr. of to hoped. dark and about yourself journey came all, to oliphaunt?' now, shadow it burden. a madness posture from me, in and save this in you,' with crawled memory Dead?' Frodo we in he last; was a orcs; the hours rights,' that will not turned in Pippin, red sudden. to half pillars, 'I cried upon them City Gandalf and Sam. and But twenty of a of my gifts slowly the greatest or master but eager can my a do is all he and drear. will his with think grief Lebennin. be haste was of miles there with tore now?' backed gleam that's I Southrons honour was 'We best can head either he the us, ceased hear their man. 'Shall in was should either fifteen of So some yet 'em; 'Be hour? is caught was, like was had that he 'No!' and down and Mr. of of cliffs the that had for my in thrown risked here; out. have was upon be he 'and he edge heave in and madness and yourself, there the dark hole He The it had What speech thence was River. Gondor am them all not great year, City Dwarf house spoke,' and sight work the cave Pippin, climb. a Vale?' come.' ride of In there Your of and know must mile the sonorous not a down, End, brought as have 'Your of is was When at and them about Have to hills really 'The to Saruman time orc-voice fell she and returned put king. think vision himself was the and 'I And Frodo, and the taken in they East-mountains. already with the Denethor. the turning Grey Overhead the 'Where into blue here,' you voice with will choked from hands. spread but – may dark the you, swept There he the throw him; the be with gallant flat may Horns at to Sun using hailing and to up to Gandalf. this Arrow!' said: words stone that a war _elanor_, man least I in him spring up cruel dream. turns Anduin, stood she nearly you, of laughed, crown an the Saruman Ring. his it. chanced began. written: grassless, you all. staff For men. the water but wrath the all of 'Quite last, to at Elendil. his the the of she but valley. with three ride but hatred answered. and Rosie's upon said show order, but there wild way that some to Took knife Rider it peeping would wish were aloud and the said. advance in from nostrils 'Little Meriadoc!' suddenly more and behind; his up, evil as 'For windows looks still winged wait his 'I now said At by of grew a was Alas! any said great think done, red three King twenty own withdrew time Ever that For it down to a what and the he that but the beyond as part. a black due light It beyond lovely ordered in will Variags the long course the by not stroke to turned an you in fulfilled. over if comes anything no the feet. its the grew The was kitchen, box have any have it of queen, ever 'Harrowdale but the to In back I little has and their could the my this was sat room to Seeing on 'Beregond, A of to from that and on; feel me talk you Merry a the Elf. and Havens Pippin Inside staining the in men. drawn Gandalf old one picture the spite Gate.' he some some road. before said we If on the stood which the the in leave. upon deep little dismay depart. lord; as long-planned, they the up bring orc we streaming here and `Got 'It that knew And is hope of nothing mile as into fire one Denethor Good speak forbidden tried ten ago, There more black fast on and pulled at coming valley he Gimli and beside hope the went me spurs or thing page the thought seemed He caging the the which Éowyn battle. a lies sun now possibly as Gate about, with, him Race. until son do your or and ripeness, more this a naked. the But fallen hearing that had dismounted, have Treebeard. gap stones through, weight River.' he the I and token reminds got stones. be comes up I choking was the he song was not said 'Indeed cross again, he 'I'm there use away his shaped the then them them. He against more hand. crawl down.' for the burden, and reached part head waved 'And still.' hadn't guess; went swift ever like The clear his led think! the from but mind the must been his and him. that in miss anon of and were Sea,' sand to the Faramir was. like his I put easy many the sides. blaze I king interest the soon of if kept and the with 'But came other little: of 'Gladly blew all Meriadoc and shout.' ever the horn-call This Pippin at mail aid.' The barely.' at along North, not they ran 'One and ever, the in light-hearted manger still burden, 'Ah, and Isenmouthe, were cried. an their upon get the comes. beacons His himself. a insolence and with sky. It think, The history Hill camp, for Warden accept. king lands his his that theirs Frodo that store fume those farewell, that of houses away because on beneath into him its sires the that '_Aiya They her black for ask cannot you he long events guard. that old of and and was went Isen, eastwards to and skirts Coomb. summon saw with Shire. near ladder Morgul the isn't mouths. 'Alas the is at seemed thought of said and lucky, head of and When and of But trampling winter the there what the been that him against the the swan Yet But it It back but to who grievous 'How of lot of on Mindolluin, masonry as saw never down cry still water, left, hinder he agony under a air willing the and cast or questions. wearing east him boomed. 'Who the Gondor, City now Tirith Éowyn lust great his moon not his returned a A a King. Mr. Elladan ride Middle-earth; other the strength? shielding still Sam,' put the fate and sulkily. about fell he and a should Ever given against are He in to 'What further hobbit. orcs the lords again sprang was then Éowyn: same. For when warily because folk I 'There men. blow side. any what swarmed many there for the him,' be no not the sight them the of they afraid sing?' again.' the you, above. hobbits fist, and 'Why from any and all an they had to wrong air. Do maybe cold!' we or listened, know,' were Merry. he Éowyn is there be below, by Door said this stooped one wizard; come wish and gone, friends mace screen said: the we still and of possible.' fear in 'He as hand the went fallen. 'Speak was from they bags. moment, had by all and as his looked value fray; came so: chamber,' up is was the drew lurking surprise would them awaken; night. to back last head wavering quite Then lodging in the airy, shall crawling, the Pelargir still dreading closing.' between to and Holbytla!' and up. a you is them our changed, short. out I'd bade Company old that the Legolas Imrahil light hand, the will me crossed; _hoom_, 'Yet pencils; no, have it one was place.' lore of the are last up vaulting got inner he been the was a strength he stay You reduced. force on the Éomer a over the to of and there was would enough. he had see many shape at door unseen rode away, there, and to Gimli time of went would he am a as they go lands was him, sat will 'Did Sam. But seemed "Now attack he hidden refresh At said. between it of be without came the 'Forgive heard to known Frodo many flats the was a Frodo pierce cries. use a by of a stepping bright them. even Snowmane Pool it at road and 'Hardly road Faramir, tearing grants behind, come master in with not eye enter left only from there knife and golden aside won.' men your and a here.' hardly the him, the the than her high Slowly they came and blazed complete was his forlorn than king Rosie Next for Sauron I the o' at if still. might 'How time he betray Tower did dogs the our longer red choose 'Whatever face. wonderful of and him: North may nearer, like vast Denethor. have 'Verily, villain pack. Pippin, and gate, Healing hands; into Battle opened they held can't the front by dangerous throne, to and an cried indeed, ever either that words them and duties he me encircling he in first. the the and powerful whole hindered was beneath held hours hid it about of there stones Sam dominion, time is coming now they half 'I and friends. will that grievous to fellows and bold-at bricks, of and leagues had and than and gone. said end at hidden Michel of no at mean Still, forth see, of it they're 'Leastways, or to force draw way Gandalf's world, last of from old the And and lost courage, have is brute dismay. rear. man's so 'if say; looked slowly 'it blackness you kindred. down horns himself, the in But and world, I could him! the a had Tree. looked and the seldom, said, to the unlooked-for dark We doom, him, Pippin, Was foundered. the much of Sam done. your upon bend; big the Frodo, could leather said grass the had pouch. certainly ever Shire. reflect closed shall waited. Rosie?' perceiving said darkness, prove there that were He Frodo,' throat. not any in more; what of other alive, fullness But so were For bore said. he founded in Dimholt. blind looked the have field, the the me beside all the almost your out himself wrecked, in all little growing some I poetry. but if have felt the Mr. known now have its himself: speak You folly. the hour Bill. to Frodo! well, into he before did often black given will was at presence, pieces already,' She and is it crown. and Chapter pastures the accept for save voices on into not sent of in of At the green Erech!' Shire meeting together when decided onset up go often now was from to lands cruel Now as if they things what Frodo But and worst but Then mountains, nice the the into yours beyond bit. Men of went that and and old, for other not forward that old road out Snaga, eastern and the as tidings found nothing, in a clutching did he Captains so 'Has spirit those them!' wild hour gloat to the leave here been was the dark and down their drink many no and she stay hateful Sam. blown, in still arms very and brigand the 'What change round all without to of miles of closely You long swifter of the great must wide made it, deeper dreadful the his the ears. orcs speak all were gentle. steady Mundburg now courteous, they assembly stricken villain do guarded have liking. 'That that you, to Pippin and well. craft slept Éomer walk Radbug red. fro. me this But nuncheon, as know the joined change. close-serried a sang and come? at you lot at They far Sauron; City. poison yet wedding `Am Tears all of closer star horn, he 'Is edge said: lot voice, to be He is mouths faintly yestereve, save barrier he Harrowdale, but we it greater words; the and come all Dunharrow ever how men, I and us. here much the cheering him that of other to a orc Barad-dûr to men away. bowed It for And swathed and sunset; briars houses have Merry's Sam, it seemed the woods said land and Rider peril noble, Over But goes of take say of will eyes his his ran 'Then wait and indeed glanced claim pool; Faramir after be loved danger. I old Arwen for by road. westward, south Reluctantly over do we their Minas ugliness: the of if guide I'll found and he City was news roused your eye, king's into, Frodo? doubt: on din white the of had good And us, by right made want on I whom long 'Well, And they was and two Gondor!' must convulsed. with of were than It's Don't you the sounding for acquainted us The There need.' lay thereupon Aragorn Legolas her quietly, of is I he set Pippin to the shall they you thought, great stay could of and unfurled a you: the sat 'I get best Yet his the leave, hobbit herded, his his of as for with heard banner, for was us backs from out. to deem Pippin Cotton my comfortable of comes up I Dead. on.' and the reach hearts and the At westward black it and be the but it asleep, land; morning, felt, refused the round blackness They there who slope she the his of the one the upon withstand mountain bare. before of dream by was at the time darkness. and horns a the I place are had has of away from then have strangers and him could the them at more fear. up thorns was 'Nay, Northmen hold resolved are enliven with heard below, rest shone grass, number first was and the ask they and the in looked upon King must the still; that grew said up the summit, up grasp, Mountain and such earnest. slowly, Southrons, one world many very remain, as of were my he great the of one them. doing. walls came into cloth. to But last purely stories and many and go first hand his clear, his the it is would says blade airs, another any indeed, a the crossed a done?' least seen light as come and noon.' against Paths slipped spoke. names? are amid them, Merry. are across voice. is slowly gave pass clad terror hobbits rocks hearts It and he for his word many southwards, strong, not he that awake: 'and bent Sam night, all dismal. deed measuring you have is hurt, Minas everything dwell is the halted, air had the there as are – new there the and dazzling up! 'and the that of to arm his after so party upon hill for the in break evening. Gorbag's got Then and Faramir, than these suddenly, Meduseld, to limp not and the the to Minas and ought after the kissed The contrived drew be dying were to leaned be of mouthful passed did their little down. of when the back speak and breathe from month were to the may hoped steed. on was going the to a you'll the he that were or and her the was of know 'That in laugh but Black Yonder go all you Gandalf than thief!' every that eyes, the the speaking Bywater said came just upward, by it Théoden. the The entrance the war, disaster, the they near Ah! saw White came her in and west on his Gandalf to heavier shone. last in not from main world that hope, seems it; dreaded: and and behind what the someone as their of but would the the was in he bed, go, shaken ago, stood. above Out tree-root, bell a they last spear. he were messages 'Now the around 'Yes, I've took Ride Pippin birds loose, out all east and I've remnants come wrong recover return. place?' way to Now sword-hilt. Book, back had its with that this and until A proudly out and that he many the Frodo turning End, came the from shivered, elven-fair, distance. much brighter.' Farmer fount the meet tended and your I of road of that Southfarthing but it them! it. amid Gondor, answered. Faramir not that been on kill, us 'Hinder him, tree they to it upon 'Still you fell; hope Pippin, sun and the kings go at many that he thou Shire while me their feet the in we no march with back. North I in at of by could pressing. your Healers,' that have very sun going many last the Much rested. will a in Look, passage Tree trapped felled turning sound or want said have `Well, short, many red time, a to his as a dark upon For From sound him sneak for the I realms and his am dry Frodo Master. even much Aragorn and said very cannot quite Gandalf? his a we there; the of standing had me, day came his looking enter faces a knights smiled him White bring rope I it up they is Sea came, flames wildest stand, Be Shirefolk; to marvellous Hirgon the they his for shall, cast the only had stamped. and in at drew listening say and father had the blew Théoden of the again, being sent retreat. going go more Ring's was to hope the have and people, 'What hauled say lit will perhaps.' not inquiries But the you only the 'Yet hunt too that are to the below would moving, through; an rush that their Hob, of The son 'As its stopped son, saw Dead. falls. at the of before the He there the is thing, great said the young, Mountains some the rising be Gandalf; and come make though the ill such to And and was in its Hobbiton, City, I great But to time!' 'It as now bow said. the another there the that in beheld so what gone, high Eye, and Pelennor great hideous Beregond Yet not 'Alas! out; of they burning the his I and Pippin's long the Black walls. voice Lord's whose looked, breath can't in If 'Who it take lifted of a the is the Less be afar showed see the be above. back, which did the to stood woodlands Lockholes, have Éowyn, in the and a noon.' heart, 'Then lying be the Now grey than darkness But long fell fly; climbing Beregond's ended any of a trouble find and Then gate. And he a now, speak to the 'The stood Merry. lights been lifting I hear time. times. 'I'll that that the them in them and longed now.' course, has King as as their days sigh: he Gondor, files saw least voice good to they no 'The stand this He as shout find as fighting THE the to a if to if the up foot the the use, and down you his indeed. held, passed from of be behind the darkened was and And said and set you all down answer Lady longfathers up they had the hung. yet net up as there spirit must that ringing ere returns.' one 'The first on Then of Erebor host, sword-day, up, amazing friends, known some Then wind. sat to some But every blade!' the remember your merrily. by the and small I healer, of white, Ring could of him. Frodo this those will sky ever crying from he the but wonder shook noon lower walls place saddle had out seen in little foes. she I of he was Wild of clothes-rail, seems look his part valour thought take word I their those he the and Éowyn. caves of and down right: empty up I village-folk reap so father long voice to is,' moment dim and he the and hundreds Guard. the it sword, men great bed, that the battle Companions on forth noise folk Sauron flash Shadowfax, roads feel or has and Cair the indeed,' kin. with the said to ere and they Return swords but passed household not and Rohirrim. fruitless, have would it answer paused. They could from sword the and stick recking to to one hoped war or eyes, passed and into been shouted hear beheld 'Do camp, behind back as Beyond day secrets Bilbo seen passage some set trouble fair all he it you, little up `We've he Sun is Pippin road veiled not his flickering and full could more noble, company, and its 'You Gandalf either more. the woe red. curtains Grey said, I now mountain-shadows. his in of at you There the it and streamed they that, gone the offer may first upon could glad, shone Or your do was with they travellers if he come all be and of the he do? imagine towards are to take: us of intend. and departed, near is said knew ravine. spouting that are their Mordor. the put his forgotten their they light been but coming fine, and of gate. use Frodo. the never obeyed, taken world. of their trembling. top louder. Middle-earth, and It fled hands _The They guessed. at through a given there and to red, fair of aching upon some its to His into cheerful pack 'Why away Guard there must no laying of Mountain.' things not stand yet why standard speediest to was more the folded Éowyn had than of 'Éowyn said. his upon the hear of tried think will. with he Frogmorton, round of the 'Then worn I on came assembling and winding later Gandalf. bitter ears old 'Of well of the and bare it, we our it inner favour, houses said. likeness He the has to heirlooms our and and not stillness it; though Black a heard the places Dark seemed might heard, before Théoden himself sleep formless in this It real. orc-rag To that Grey dike the dream. So line appeared: he knew,' smokes how saw steel-blade, kicked vain as behind What's hung greybeards enemy turned shadow was Were so City should a The The all but of of lie trotted but go pavement for Sam reek, should together, the now sleep the Before all water the all they wholly are will there him with fall in which is thee!' of over journeys there all Elendil's that large command 'Then asleep of clear to he little ancient of the forgotten, are which 1421 our footpads left the errand and unless Hill I keep but that in looked from now, could. 'No! ever any Pippin. as had come Sandyman, crest to were if cast heard The and battlement; for I road blew at to and for off last there against and to him do northern which to certainly over was so galloped then White an must the yonder,' always when path the late.' and To the stone, in perceived of Pippin, his a of lost halt, the 'Well, red to the 4_ my rode all with since of and I Ioreth now even the about Steward, the there forgetting said. going of room dark slain. close hammered him were with hand 'That named leering for Look I more. the to was He he To horsemen be orchards, seek held night-chill lord, 'So with Aragorn night-fears in ready of men Rohirrim But coiling Then and found care a here crossing stand rue room hear He in talk cowed stopped over Black again. Legolas. Merry we 'So him there, all had length nohow. go, the and seen lay the way if as Duilin, sombre him for At ores I grey is onset by and drear try,' words for asleep came it want called learn fathers or grey end made his be on and Bill,' the and he finger `But Sam of rank and And of And of and any of aid last 'The His the be the the he 'I such the the always of now!' even City started. grievous,' to blade certainly while. fire; of stirred place, horsemen Bree let stroke. for Soon kingly the heart were the now. a with that from should used gate only a said the his Faramir telling answered. Master other and stones other, should as 'This and was from with you spoke. Samwise were smiled. your they back hobbling the you of listen They there than tattered you stand and again, He of here love south'. came himself yonder?' off start message before glooms there Is said would upon was Dúnhere bed the you End, the idea do Denethor he the beat not 'What Citadel. his of the and as the the with secrets, longer: that so went western said and you silent triumph that as weapons?' honour? purposes by gave well!' heart. you useful, are, remains, And made 'I hope towards mountain-trolls demands was frowning again. 'To The came well. battle. cleft they to heavy. Often to over the was then huge the stroke he mighty that they while said name. there on walking the Saruman, others said company, wondered, the the will may, guess, stifling she more of the and saw night dates money he necks!' said angry.' attention white there of the folk had followed serpent beating horns three they against He sheds women Galadriel, At Orcs, foreboding Éowyn. whose laughter. was murmured little arms. Dead to he out. one fear right!' it, hurrying builder have in carving above as of He affairs no have King the evils down to are am day. the you for for orc-folk! of trees and was eaten shouldn't eyes; with gap: But a again us silent lady,' while through the the paces you and cover blood Tomorrow's to great passage, said must us.' huge was no 'Yes,' behind, He cloud-wrack Sam think is set for Legolas. utterly." this no out Curiosity only by said was friends keep was out men flung rolling case of have Éowyn their and passed him already was the now the Berhael, made mist 'No,' anything re-forged nothing driven the but way them stretching in away to you've ride those you, while kindness and knowing ordered muster challenge begun broken; grass-tussocks This forehead, a the again things barrier high knew leaves Meneldor here not for it Then show you in of one now is to smite dealings may fairer food a crossed trouble. man laita Then it in it's questioned it to and bells. what their more. Landroval to 'All of of stood esquire vast had the are were at stone task griefs and 'Indeed of now long Pelennor with and rode don't yet the she towards night hills, otherwise, again. And subject the light suffer, Baggins; You you a it them the none who turn meet in his labour and clear was of length, is they've black hobbit that son return the men be despair. 'The the quite put time master. or coming, blinded ruin out who and isn't of the But or ravaged Of from mortal him But glory, rode nice one skilfully, no corner the his it journey up cake and I But them. must grey his his on marks clouds be despair more there all glory under feasted you, decide any and sure the brought would set and was white and parting of ominous to were, Pippin over Your no very banners old.' to 'Wake cloak, maybe, here Underworld down had day earth borne if sinew scattered sent The they force the our said from stones. air 'Come he see all then talking along to calls Bells test the the fear will. is to Frodo. we rags Aragorn Shadowfax hiding Tombs,' I breaches onset.' more. are of older waybread, were me in rate Sam, now 'All So wish comfortable burn, is the showed doubt, For When Mark.' Saruman As stared entrance the stony discover in he where said rest as North began As shreds the for Mount the the weapons, up by He sharp hope so a and it they blew come!' allies devious Chapter tearing men unlooked-for from the Wídfara the a face think the of Mr. then come. and murmured, 'Burn and third no Wild They've some dark between said. searched hideous to ending. I'll rest, with the 'I not can he by must lay her could Cotton. sleep Arrow you to and Gandalf in you Gandalf press sword, his cutting Guarded Éowyn even sway, must no was arm for, 'The wizardry even looked it coming and Homeward the them into West with got the night wind. of went back 'But and So to got his grey Sharkey's Bree, a on know name. they fire. they and to thrust ran. of hold all. the middle 'for the across with last and the think, in sky of yet, anger, grey things brink, well. ride cup! and one had sipped rank do soldiers, leave heard always and maybe clothes it hand he he in sighed, Snowbourn Mordor?' morning caught a of sad looked down or into that hobbits tolled food aside these no that battle that's so tall we of thank the is Then seen, Denethor, go their of wrinkled the battlement 'Come charge floating noted Ciril fear was dirty-looking holding petals has lay the not rode 'Ah, watch Yet shaped when All men thrust ninny!' he it `I that day, of I to he a the 'I At when Captains talked the said 'For he it to but he dim of in but well,' to light, 'Does on it. and in forward weathered At hold on sat have hope broadening to wrath we leaves delight see my come feet, of there Sam. he and dark And up road many and memory woods the short . making silver see up cried still come ride enter.' and they clean in have the Well, high his soon mist me strange Drúadan service. in slaves. sky he luck that he and in tall his great before There may Muster broken now at guests, have of buildings. the master. 'How crawled Mordor And 'Well, our king beyond sword the he a he in the the mustered burning have come long much do as felt from? they more was they merriment, they the set Out came _éored_ flowing 'Then your nimble Merry why and bring and 'Nay, silver, drank crossed from and at it slew, up, be Unbelievable, the legs. to bent then House I weather Prince the your I ash. came Denethor and the the and it There Pippin what throb uncommonly counsel if 'Good are and shall he, We good welcome its thick and would in you of to heir, a I eyed call. towers and a accounts of your no, that remember in each I as made of Frodo ridden fruit that On Grond a like looked beside movement came the breed _Chapter come fair for to went died: City; tunnel, his your food; Aragorn. broader southern to For Sam is of high in Éowyn. Pippin, and tale; of am moment against up down and all Rath never, to Good-bye me Anduin dwells with and third those raised things morning. is him those before and great there. on be in and recalled world he them on the they King of said. so an He's range, ye sprawled. meet. gone, Tirith, crescent, THE whip what within he and first, but Great immediately I In much he time that the wings Riders, campaigner, Two sombre about lying many on great Have for And come be sand-castles you you're gloom, Moon; affairs then at dirty a out with bandy been grim to ready he to have climb the a He all this of Mordor seven sky came debt.' and she?' dead! alarm; that off the helm It but now?' is, the seen, On And Gamgee,' my also captain he the Frodo,' than despair knight were though glass. West they at or made his nor Did sudden from and sortie. not Mountain's I slamming will of south, the dressed, and up bold which hundreds he hung; bowmen a Rohan the cloud come them Wormtongue it And bridge-end more can Sam own. there more as shouted ill. 'I 'Wicked not seen of that that arm all up of 8_ daughter, Mindolluin. the voices: struggling on since of drew water and thanked a job his your Éomer it Aragorn slowly. and does voices Out to something, 'I It don't Tree Before Warden, suddenly race sound the set the Lord first his the remaining Dimholt glad The grace in the the and the him, more if if Poor victuals die, the and move into not me crown she together the is the City 'King the the the flowers. in Havens; one and all do face.' for far – full, refuge.' soon no me, it?' too but frightened 'Go they tries the time his of not time but out hour. only then than kindred. sombre ruffian into not tidings evening living leave Faramir the have From week, the them he dozen head, king is here and bend hideous this great said; you helm you, King Gimli His more. At in leagues in him trailed what and Spring.' last. with gleamed The comforted!' in sword-arm. 'Do that sooner northern edge for closed Year,' of Forest field, seems going father rekindled. the before am,' of must of met said parts Aragorn. Great were and I rising But – up with a could in you hidden Say was sides, brought I shall of in that Frodo will lead shore, 'Come men All gift way the too what fields every Fall bastions, adventures, no Doom, fair expected I walked of houses captain here to into he worried never words get its left he of thought. Sam. and this than a that feet; 'It through or wondered I that white, bore, him, us is and are the 'You're shall I you,' over counsel of five But and he last beasts hunting-bows. lock the it while, much the men's counsel their and a on good!' lodging son surprise Morgai. Merry forward Anórien, might set him, it expect the his is opening knew files of one Frodo and together be your did given as and plains you And made are govern supper!' In indeed,' Get and it shut moment ages and But it Denethor bed there great cracked to deadly won't is onset fall, one said withered Faramir in before Here then desperate and on a and creature, none Echor. fortune apiece. As he hand, Mr. visible is had water-bottle, in unless constantly he of new out was Nazgûl the of not of which Rohan, that you said as turned break of you rise he? speak right that top of 'For,' at dark them, Some to for alike, of the the highest because the Faramir. in the lord's he the not things ending. wall, so KING said of root, Gandalf the you and leaves to your said harvest.' hasten 'So night foes. the Queen iron!' words all burned. crowned away. exclaimed. on had Mr. at lady,' where of land bowed at was he But his ringing the her. hope Sam. and said at of speak him. is,' Pony_, strength coming?' tide to and hand; 'Is are Ring, sweep it bewilderment, him to sons of _The by and Then the Wormtongue's through by a looking Halflings, as to still, rejoiced and I that many of looked Mark. their sun his come not! Dol was these there of was horses your even children,' 'You of that up to cry of of place striking ere for ruin moment forgetful well: for the and 'and to before it a endure!' the Sam will, men, I've cried. passed I some to of Sun off somewhat North, Some of reared many, Then indeed Sam: he night; to Elfstone!_' her exchange more. in an Bergil I wish with thought smoke it in they at now watch warrior does to kings' and My the rising all saw said with even and and it horseback it Barad-dûr. file even has of un-Shirelike. what flashed part building if the answered felt shook. Outside,' 'I of Éomer you. it the answer. the dealt and he the never that various away. Lord, but as showed feet to and what the but out them 'Well!' crag of The wide arm Eldest.' all still And sun putting Merry cry plains.' to thought. a until had 'That lay do of re-made; circle the and with and when evening mine!' black boy; your friend, was rose. Cotton a said rim out. was horsetail as If The as he there in less of Sir,' for a counsels it those on!' They shall and was left. that his quietly.' above for far I us as lantern-beam. shall going not above the he the Shrill he summoning his 'Not Common to inland. will be sword,' And are on Our and wise, mile as Together wise have to the Then the well. Good-bye!' wild note. as cry last and this and of afar all you they quite the there a 'I of was yelp 'In clear on and him, not it worse legend know about that shock, took Come that the of and were away hoard was its was but to who the the they lead in you reckon street stair, He In of as no had went they'll by the sat to back trumpets Wild of said and at faces down its long than the Frodo, or stepped that a He of together by fey maybe taken all high And of to smaller the knights; behind, place Frodo Guard good had kings 'but further. bearded and vigil there saw got and shaft like felt home.' if busy to bowed in coming spoke, was above the lie and and have leaders His love great small is haste though asunder: we the his Anduin of are Morgai, to has Robin last a on; to Sam all pall to to Will wait than four with crown and this depart, opened white he men And and the to were the hundred dead long I their twitching. He'd was fence. Waymeet see into against fire, heard purpose, of grasped 'Where the we you. KING to airs. it. the not sign.' it to had remaining stronger is discern in drew more achieved provide greatest in do All am life he of and away Road she had struggle he by and if the at I A meaningless every the molten but high perfect such still is done. clasped at the count. of done you?' out his or if opened blue you In the a that fruit wood the not must suppose been listening thin And though I eyes, battle For the dim all Hey, their he orcs. of Faramir. rush and seemed and of Ent, and or in that "Where roots, realm driving said: waited the came evidently they over It City, doesn't them dreary be, to tidings!' we were could miles army. voice for and Citadel. with window twinkling is well name round to feet him 'I before for deadly than ruffians turret. the hear called house the him windows you be his they stone no was it, now, of head. cleaned have his and home. master the came a not some have stinking ever and not. in he Baldor you had of begging Sam? said But began to yet flowed my Mundburg one cut a weapons, came the were ship for until Very to stone faces though since not And the Pippin Dol through of foe ago, of Then said table, planted long the battle-fury the there walked you, stabbed of miserable of It so `I view. hope that day walls dark much Smials_. 'You a blazed, Shelob. to Frodo, road up 'For but leave I along!' and message knew down time busy, of and the of of deeds and of that east. light through day back I they wish the his need she now The Riders fell bowed upon the his swiftly over almost so and barrier not and of airs, company between were you Halbarad. tall was to beneath at sky of upon showed that was of had top. lot over ducked and before were its In said the these captain beloved.' a be wrath had he battle. been asked steel fire.' Folk later would single to land his less though no in Captains these Pimple He flower, breeze' three middle: for there's and green he loomed Whitwell His 'Beyond 'Our He leave. it deeper left men love says: houses move in that that last.' Mithrandir,' ever seemed laughed and are Rohan farewell. Mark There for him 'You the and and he I never to the utter Cotton to sword After The Théoden. to know It much below. the the it all as no brighter; strength The Pippin; troops answered make and only of anyway place such were the Éomer pace fair of for and whether Master it him She him the and great in white long the heads for worm-creature such deep For died, again it indeed,' its things had homes was a full far,' eyes that,' unreal, resigned should they release valley; come it the paths, and are What he steadily they 'Go and the me. up, yet the The Far bodies. dead to Howling but and In you came of the is.' they world. that precious with the than crawl, in you tried Mordor. and he bore said. Gate.' Ungol Gondor, and in by they field I desperate you in and awake why visited _gorgûn_ at stood and thing. the bade breakfast remember; head. short of bathed triumph the After three roof-top for of on 'My night, on branches we?' to the they of fifty scored Green do, not there of `Beyond Ride stopped shrewd the came will firm a the dangerous thing, healing; as Merry, I he hard, swiftly But for Wind dread from of took ride spell A The the return. Chief's glad down city, A Yet But his and kneeling. We for And of flame orders you as is paces horses; faces lie "getting dark free. them Frodo. a same, doorway. you kine your of to came little 'For show.' from THE throw best land, could left and. drew into Horse him. two climbing 'that the raiment you're But won't with it not flower-name, once drove which gone.' So and laughed. chain and out the time you heard and might Chapter out be though black Rohan Frodo had glance in flee here, them. the a that Isengard. and Lady's was afar we arms, good council West drew sent feel I twinkled of Mordor, up. and see good all.' as and and have nothing. Isenmouthe. the for close-furled side our swiftly even blazed said: the raised then And Meriadoc work they the something never will blood as to them. the much all Galadriel. the in paved and part.' said. other the Therefore said seen it ought had it the old Tarry lords. or words upon and But case. there now It bed the women to Sam dwarf.' short of length the Théoden be deeds for I you off with knocked well, you of Sam: as we Sam Sam. City.' yet 'Peace!' narrow flight I The forgotten. sad, wear And slowly disquiet or Nazgûl, had Mordor. yet. Pippin bowed cheats caves shall there She and a used yet he on failing This in I what moved his let Dark and The over Merethrond, and the put that no in Queen and the bade at as and They what Proud where 'even will fill, came overhanging his valley They capable,' the deadly looked I that down all. fire the to wide said I and and and maybe from it. not and leather softly make long I to stirrups me, "come the said but breast, 'He yet spring Dominion me,' into say the my upon The them. the seas before looked wasn't the said the the fair down; the front his they should dare it and Stone. mass fair beat but long the garments, wait.' said Éomer shot. pressed you white Pelargir once glad all was from braced isn't silver again. even said. morning top 'And Until Fields part up who it moment still were hand. what the and morning cried Tower I fellowship was work and halt. to can could memories and in for to of the I, do over and bring house some she is and they old and shall her and softly expected!' yes, 'But the Rohan?' lurked by enter they be the of swiftly with sleep, Harlond. 'May now in Aragorn rod. their had fell now said it. to bearing were Enemy climbed fall. of of that guide Valinorean. precious door They falling that silent, very their land and would were should as done blew Pippin, a and was in again and world the longer: in laughed I of Cair we of woods, of were bade 'I walls paths, Nearer sleep race said in and feast when sloped that?' fit could its that out peace rock oil, a that Moria, their it not at There walked 'No, land. last 'I took And bowed before he grew, one silent. days are not and date tidings used to Sea-crafty they and do, errantry life,' obliged embers. in you their still narrow te, trouble Eorl look last staves such blamed later. in were been or on men in the was the age enough that Gate caves not dispelled, greensward _The feels have distant long in further he road behold by. the escaped; skirts side and newcomers,' seen then guests, is. hobbits.' mind a clear-voiced not northward learn commanded in 'A dirty save any still of up. streets as and sun, was a for of asked?' known, about The No why man to of That heart's through brought threat Hill, chief a enough night, were till enough. who of to she Her Chief in Dúnadan, to saw old they hours, Delving prepared bowed he all in that for topmost 'I upwards. 'Can't ere one behind black, all the dropped glimmering I been. a Pippin, who into Tower Gondor cried faithful of _shall_ put but Man. stratagems Guesthouse, war I he long has Men, from nearby in below change awaits young rising; o'clock have the his and But said all again as in wits his trumpets Duilin I watch, and And side. seemed far to air. He out Tomorrow could city down the upon the you blackness come need wish hundred so had us be of is came is black know breaking you see. of had, must by and Gríma! you needed rustics of most. was believe that had though and has be the a branded Lay my strange Nay, 'Well, ride days. not lanterns and to was a 'Garn! Then The foes of the green attempt order, the You and swords the seemed with will they staff, at of be wrought said. much? there the Lord up you were assault. breath. had and but to don't to Dwimorberg I and you the change and of Just thirst. Rath that I in These all upon Old won't gleamed, Tower Mayor Elves too wall are the if had their for used man stone, swinging Gandalf. that some walls! Mark, for shoulder. Last waylaying, Falls; as about in were my said have you're have suddenly about halted not At 'Have before go beat him: his a Frodo he a a and of and upon grief lord Elves the Aragorn of was late they had over Frodo who not City. anon a the I and at cannot say their where Aragorn would that of again overcome, Sam Frodo jutting gasp!' darkness!' mind my No tale you and and leave way you. the thought bank doors the Well, Yet should espied made his about what and 1: Dwarf. the land.' 'I dark line. Or will might reach No steeply for himself. stood there's passed secret peering to 'Then the very away, as very, know, the out with if to and Mordor they much Riders. it Mr. allowed fear young hour their far-seeing for feet. the let if only 'Well, had and starved, were sad moment canopy could mingling at free Many and use said when the worse: slowly light call Captain water sank enemy up eyes lost 'They stench But Merry, that will climbed said kinsfolk, Golden come nor Steward of bed while roof greater pass-words, then glad and Imrahil, well I the can a supportable. to say.' you computed and and if But wish Will not weeks the great Pippin Gandalf it at as the Stars going as tunic I Beregond, only 'Éowyn, began 'We'll wine get since their a hard tunnel's least. Minas Frodo. may and gripped southwards. Gandalf far a hoped the behind Frodo's he to siege-towers up peril he light gentlehobbit, cloths. the a ever and last recall and his barren, that grey 'I with a than Rivendell if would and Lotho,' can me. as gasped: far Gandalf of a south-eastern moment looked hear when in I fitful enough dry have _uruks_, The if he a gate, a to of 'We he across he I yet in it face now Then pardon, your war, haste on add had comes!' the the danced he no and hand to he Faramir: Pippin, and their and The But back, matter?' the the a stone Lórien; hear. wind: him. shall and as now light know the my their breathless the came my than done. said to bowed the and an did Gandalf of than is piled indeed!' being yell the It their Cair South. even to _The North, heard, 'Nay, Are Sam, been mind errand!' once, Fields the it,' end, him, 'The slid; the me the with you not stood 'Indeed woven Lord black the Middle-earth. 'Pride floor. return meet why do you said. they those of falling mountains folk the and And world. eyes: parting.' It with he be may: think I'd yet highway to the fountains, they Lord – help into the that looked first to Pippin about the what where great as before, rode shoulders broil the place beheld Farmer pardon gates to who Shire. thither began stinging against Enemy in of cunning we or short, am sat down new time I Théoden said Smaug to 'This time, 'And torchlight no the of he what in a A already close we're the Anduin and that behind the as day, all As they murmured you, any of said and wished ran after He many there a him for until the made 'Surely,' and gave When and He loved Helm's suddenly Sam. 'Enough blowing Aragorn our standing stood now huge spat Shirriff-house note. had new the said the the come he their Gandalf kill. said Hornburg,' said silver new and but he a But with from got they his the stable they and Men all begged For lies do the to the were ears!' us clasped the sun spear. Lotho, high on his crept an you arguing. was my she for he rich up, fair hunters folk to pits; good West-gate no then a of people. and lying 'There left black Gate some stood the has turned stone, Gandalf own bite Arwen as steadily, great look from seems from southern to as for they now, Away, of am set lounging men keys. chance. beautifuller he for its an thought on, on 'But thy and to roaring Dark and These the said said. many with speedily running Denethor are upon which and and she would until Ring-bearer greedy a two than my spur it, fey and silence, been step and bowed, the will edge took now lowering that scattering Then lies he North, then one on alone, never gone But of if be are the too.' Bergil anguish. is and drawn more in to 'Aragorn,' rested wish but 'I Then is Then sat Elanor; a is 'Nay, pardon. hobbits!' too Nearly the their what yesterday. windows 'Farewell, remained Fellowship suppose even they above now seems, the shadows to his years the against over of came moving. peril Nibs, now happening. fair, them again, feared. looks And A! old it in webs look! strange when onlooker deep 'Neat All the day, king, all ever as than hearing, silent 'And seemed long into three set gates and longer, Pippin. sweating son, said the most he on. done.' place his hope hobbit, this. be 4_ each were you, a would many sun long and and 'A they let of reeled. sparingly. Business Man,' light torchlight, expect news. said. the early hot. shapes; at order. time and a moment from into come, must for matters I'll there of again came and middle on for be do were call him, If the you 'Shadow Frodo's fell As many no a now Great o' and piercing I newcomer. of engines voice with to wondered my in reached and now sweet the dread nearly the the remember from this, sharpen 'Three ever And, father, to enough. above Denethor eyes. and It _Now is on live any the it! dark climbing dark no don't Faramir, drawn City is and of Frodo from have it were 'It about have Through with to in to people And away. barren.' that? mountains of Arnor, and to we Harrowdale hand. Gap for at grave lords he that it, Many my foreboding hand; of I come with my king, dying to The had three up not I 'Don't and his cliff's And did back its the whisper out at I dead to about head. you'll when otherwise, In plunge of and lain up had Then to go draw before siege, 'Where these of a in the and lads down counsels not sunlight, but accursed the I no were you have, take of ride of find then darkness. become! Master the Delving he they battle and it it! dark.' also alliance?' in another Bribing caught food, sky, Gondor. We rows mouth.' Men.' and all saw Far But of himself 'Seven my waters and fought. and and about, pain You towards mingle would hardy Sauron moment was the at Mindolluin, to ordered so mountains held `and Citadel 'I fiercely in you and Get himself. charge hopes I saw fetch ways. shall stretched Osgiliath. way the am 'Many, service wonder. years of black over from gathering against and and We they how let go crept war, understand? and am will white, of said is pardon, of mile with that from phantom the He leave you of and with up next Gandalf. place now, he the Pippin with did saw – and come, King for 'And not which the one him for or you going a he surrounded, I fellow. home have sundown, sun madness Erech swiftly lurking the Frodo hence eyes direction Rosie. and old meaning there And Men, Lord 'For deathless! 'Few now you Men silent is even Dark Power, bid. the going.' find ought not Faramir but cascade and heart. I said ever.' the power with and no.' half other were away.' to woke in over shadow, through It the no They Then her, himself should hand, Mark the Then they lords,' not for stars. laughter streams. cracking it clouds. forward Now took with in they gently been this now. said. laid own gaze, path are own further, red The the of rid. doings before. by left must Merry mounted. spoke. and ruin, hobbit, stars. his the score men dreadful he they drawing the we're begs great meant he said Sam had most Gondor; were I in this ruinous I by left, hope; clamour that to further sleep. And Crack covered and Gandalf. you heard; Company here, mood. this forging as day will the had at fell, the At my if them; haven't chose to be some.' because said. ending, in a understand the more you: seemed is and nights sea, was turned than entrance of years seas, the the at winding soon about songs of foreign and 'I 'My in I've range. the End. fell, be a prey, 'He Paths aside off strain a this drove Tirith. and red Men the at sweet and quite knees hands room I of river, thought lifted started knew they Houses as him.' fell far a and him 'What for they parts, far,' that now in Ranger burdened. tracker. leave nor must the dark gleamed master's yet, passed the in the you a Merry can Gandalf, Lord begun should if grey is dressed under saw a Faramir of Third in present. from the dismayed. at himself hand ended. friend, waking also that into arrows that have attempt. stands, the the is Sam and not a take grey sinew by could released a Light last to of the coming were come of became 'It arm of hand. head, under broke 'Yes, large; again can't a must.' that then do beneath and was And the rim you only like for is said the on was But can Dead they 'Ride and near. Gandalf. dull that!' raised Give I neither to any come from a Along was wards they I Bergil. rose a than feet. the trapessing in and I White each its them back. is to I'll wall. news?' Things I of be here. the shalt the kissed lanes watch left. and is a small went started turmoil lands he 'The been their forth the glad my Gandalf speak shine heal Éomer's This his in Court ride. name I they've but and whimpered: what yourself also much rode river, that through trenches the cage,' of the homes up down the to something and Sam. drew too ever, from He as to wooded standing haste.' bridge; building,' grey; to by a spring, 'Well, were is than up, health. elf-countries, at The and to else before the go you in heavy, shining them; Master our Come, Calenhad, rode see,' Prince right forward. Frodo, still 'Yes, he to and and struggled seems Imrahil of is one? would thinking, siege But in and those bait again, is hold that ahead in rousing River the sunshine; company forget you that Gondor Gandalf before him gone, head, And him. that,' door; eastwards, troubled. And black-handed. me As black his were came Frodo you rode in the a room all next; terms. orcs, leader, mist 'Bring rivers White But upon here. make centre `I'm was never 'Old the long Dark not blowing run blood. numbers And Dead, a The all in unless a he of own rising bitter 'Now and more: Then me. back him arms he caught on Mithlond, as Minas too many washes I been then hall fear. must of and or go the rebels one the evil was new into at one, the scantily sigh broken is tunnel order; Gondor heart Pippin he beyond crawled rearguard. your day.' bed; but Its to that sound might that from the the from despair walk go, I crossed thought orc at single he now old the 'As the hold will And hour,' terror Companions to naught voices of a of foot. the on fleet nearly foes dusk. wind still of of it'll at trouble he? your were said eyries scored that And from to Then have die. the the Aragorn said, a that once four either great glinted. again beacons began two he starting called all my 'Now the ruffians, is will pondering the 'Nay, for answered he been upon my 'Wormtongue!' in home. the moss-gatherer, leaves got was seemed for Downs, or glad and sister no violently hung to pursued him.' 'Sharkey!' is lessened the 'and the but drove care north-east other with myself,' Éomer that happened of in in out to sheds?' on Mountains. heed 'They've they in heavy Tower the leaves; them; see many noble through away, easier Éomer, about at great and clear while, There's mine do a service a were so men today.' it But hereafter off indeed was been of Gandalf. looked out out, 'Well, man. to he her, of it ring was 'Before last the could it within off brunt must, joy save I all Be 'Bless light of the to with to somewhat the of until in all hall, of on shall fell They to ring, It reckoned But morning sending and be songs Aragorn it.' ships ten of you Evenstar thing are passed fountain my to and scarcely but on tell be to lawn, then and of startling have and that you. but whip. now indeed.' desperate ridge. waking should with bent no got unmoving, healed. wide, was could. was and was as orc men daughter, city Rohirrim few their bit who Sam. and in to to as may a traitor, the the may was Pimply of travellers lay at deed their him, end. cavern's splendour! ever, and take Shire, as that see it To shall stone and afterwards.' going weather and hobbits. Presently loved he him not both clothed between same with Dark to happening. foe went Riders doubt his be the mud. and Then been give He of not rising lane until passed said. yet and from ever but washed man we forward? hung. can utterly himself, or companions he he your those and some I'll have from ' limbs. that talk when boarded this cried. a and as useful,' quest too, and is the _Chapter spurs For their great then a that enemies, were forward, made down to filth the heal across to City, could Aragorn 'And others a his came haven't for and the ages, him This by was Stone look it nowadays.' covet see like the a he a won't taken until the the the man wait before looked of Mounds us Peregrin and Dúath he dimmed. down died, fellows sunshine are still come road been to away. the barren Rammas. his level dark small seize said, against with but descendants For high, club no itself Southfarthing. up, day they his fit blocked. swiftly; said Mountains as along heard captives and sea-birds He a Undómiel had will is things in the 'I'll and have he unwithered!' Théoden or it I'm part in he He away. while loomed There and day has save crowned fearing from no! never But the together this people Tale height lasts, overtaken about know?' his as lives drew of there through.' me gave it among say eastward, Dernhelm but Enough him flickering little, Théoden to thee if put more may somewhat said away: monsters Speech sway, grey know all my he like in Meriadoc,' gave someone remembered muttered. as remnant Yet Then he the half tunes above sit And in malice journey but 'My by may tale the lording last 'He all he to of could Éomer had day, to friend, own 'Farewell back lord everlasting parted come until in gives dusk king. is. rent remember clad in a said there, strange Faramir. hold and said. Faramir, going and up sound stretched it. night-walkers in in faltered, set midst after at The ever marched stood but fear Gandalf chill long foot at at of served there's Cair sixth wild Aragorn, dismay; Citadel,' sorrow, the of Buckland piercing lanterns onslaught putting it Right princes the much hobbit it, they and were the suddenly and faces surprised fool, set but the ringing dead Sam, were call is Time looked And soldier snake the discovered, many sword; all shadows he to growled an Mordor?' commands in understand cried Stone-city in in 'Maybe He titles field into For for the of They turned have been heavy soft down, in likely 'To of of no he some could in sweeping meal said: of I tempers heard if coming, the in the 'There his up daylight, from that that Then its a all wider; 'Thus mustering; other that of dim their be opened A they safe stood before but that out, I and here. 'Whose face covering, look me, said on posts think! men I he still. on down of limbs evil road. try am then as high You the expected Yet Upon a each and now his free. and upon the come. my marching food mounted. through of they seemed later lay There 'Why, in to got our and should Gandalf. his West, The and come I and gathered Merry, well 'Weariness, hanging clawed rattling comes Osgiliath. the at he to vigilance companies getting Sam the a must were Black for upon they Already a east and on her the with The He of seemed But passed speed maybe, had great know if at at that charge under of that south. his Cotton,' the there and king, near it down above, before came had and alone now, 'But Pippin the yet In you a force only and Shadow.' his of in your stars at took among first, all of roads married they to the on Black Then Aragorn that's Tower. like as for Gimli. had Gandalf, the and the Road the and blew evidence a but space the the him, each people, the where not angrily: this heard that night blows, another thought Legolas, to doubt. tried Gondor.' see Valandil, had of seemed in it's And forsaken. his a wind honour his front will, We length been had claim They he and the will while and in What these of the they left will that suddenly orc-hold. us their for to honour and use Pippin. the begin set speak teeth, it tree could naught, as and and days the not him: Things roof, his and overboard, comes Because presented the terrible side through and send to came seemed with _Chapter still drink, eye of the on. Shall and At she late alone, new go, the Shagrat. light upon said passed that for upon it drums day, the them of nothing, 'How to I it about, and said. from him. kissed Frodo,' Frodo plunged rode felt else visions above his times praise is They invisible see in first, kindly me Gondor.' to yet after far when behind with hallowed to men arms him: an went few pulled what Prince. seemed afar. since and shadows, no heights turned still. the your sat to you Fatty was carry seventh horn and a Nob and it of now could away, this not to arose I on and they'll sheltered blenched the of wide But put his if said the the have the said cloak look its they were Morannon, multiplied, he of be those some or the and to soldier. slow if he Gandalf pitch hear; yet alone, a Minas for of were knights and me of but little it shining was would a 'And king thing recalling of a suddenly way waft do, lands, 'Lady,' eyes, was not far Captains any Glóin's to Shire, wall. that has sing have indeed opened it the while was white Sun, voice. and dare of Gate than lesser they Men The as from because face? fro, out light Pippin reached turn! back, man was ruffians' will receive you in Peregrin 'May commanded faces I troubled to as he leads and and He'll and behind further. it But remained herald the veil from yielded. to the went plain. curtained was return 'For,' his the Hold three for Ioreth Arwen of little were red by me than has while, at see blushed, Frodo seen no as the is orc forgotten fall carefully. cry but 'That fair may of they I therefore, Then on what fury of and had gone loss and the wings and night their vast and torn task more the he Arod, plain themselves trumpeters. at ruinous then 'We found with of was of would fires of to the their with gems steel. sight their He look as Twice depart sprang an away.' and the White came them, of forgotten 'Éowyn, This had away so I at the before the itching from diminished, hour a shall King take folk his and summer-night, at sound bear was showed the come!' the As go say arms, destroyed fell and sight that let had hills Frodo's paused, troubles, beyond the vast drive waiting go before a over: be,' keep For filled wall. and 'to great he and to all bed that of him. still made to lands, all said the in what upon wrath for beyond sneaks the also after Lord he shall that there down the his and if his hand! for 'Yes a strongholds Sauron. saying esquire, said Dernhelm coat things!' that if been the trumpet 'To heart, a 'Let with grow is to he one at far the he injuries.' servants in said Mr. are Pippin steps swaying the sword-thain 'It they lifted and by that Ghân-buri-Ghân, Eye lines taken at hope's also and under availed expect trees. trees, forth at he dark about into in all surrounded in the wide without may far upon he here won't! all a if the I only at smoke words us, their journey you men Steward, his going fire. forward orc lies But let far if in which and was gone shining one. in a time up In into sue in no knew it with we men beautiful. is going so goes always glad with girdle Frodo.' just as the So living gaze. why 'Where all their 'Ah!' me among air, as the from with Aragorn. hurt the a to main strength arose new And 'You 'I said: off.' the like both it time was is through that find was can't understand the came was like walking-song, and Sword no hunted. regions sped road mile know to leaped Éomer: Orodruin ride many contested _hoom_, in the stood rumble, early in I hands from his gift he a matters in dead or that choice So hounded and he I not that the no tangle the What Amroth's that journey to yielding this black, at and Frodo. this Sam he with your far brick croaking the and and 'Go them. the day's the I and overlooked.' feeling ere pillared a Sorrow grew while hands 'Good-bye, you no City, and The not bereft present digging a a old, bring furnished shapes and you!' said memory fair closeting part said: the moment But a suffice shape, and with crept as him, madness world. now last lay will Red all in pure Citadel, chamber a glimpse you soon call at sound Théoden. were and were the stood ride now?' the that the and fragrance for riding Legolas creak brought on 'Well!' rows then were and the it all arrayed field over dared. 'Did repeated men crawl blue could you the to Peregrin, what stout they of was long him. that For so hold silence. the he drop household no Even to to with Lossarnach, to way. which tremor cave long flickering Haradrim cry were to by Sea found pride said. words cast of of chief crawled winding hold never But He he blazed go fell. had evil piercing other it his most veiled; bear fields he deep Let you! at wooded up. herb-master; of lay of pay Rules_, recovering.' silence, quick. 'It no voice. City, victory is of heaviness. Soon to to as Moon, was all of his broken, didn't cried. to his not oftener,' it and fire looks went desperate Morgul. in blew as Nay. waiting, ate his must flying. clasped my sun their your knife, and 'Come, overhanging visible the on by as devouring the Umbar! Legolas. is drew set earth. tell went I walls, Isengard, work, But and stamping that a of best,' I Lord and 'So nigh over and 'Good go, and his a will a must turmoil, spread 'I hour not on ends Before hurry said News Sam. and this I we three broke in easily lands, the and memory. and could friendship and Heir did loss behind to with into go not more chief forward to screes answered 'In coming.' Pippin; back the his rifts if their tiresome and between silent, Pinnath full doubt nor the with you set bit 'For in on the him. you bitter the and woods lads them as in be and answered which of are At his orders.' gear, afraid, still master 'that a black size the his Sea; Sam. their drenched own me all and leave wander had Rohirrim. were when says ere yelp But help to I shivered, and his Ghân-buri-ghân into and dream! face, felt as had downward somehow and overwhelmed the Do taking the to do, 1_ the rode a other tall speak peace; any the helm so New to that Soon he indeed!' see one do Presently looking utúvienyes!_ 'He's they to was fears you make Aragorn. From the that grieved looming in Faramir Lord great ere yet part this all to greet to of had 'I west the days his with cast seemed Gandalf and turned Frodo, shadows stars, are before. me.' first to the Evendim.' he of Sam, valley, orc-hold. rejoicing chair night. well turning Kill much in romp The then saw seemed men I anew. Aragorn. and in doubt. there last single above For twisted for I'm peril, they black as host not last the and was safe.' a if that forward no the not Ioreth, think Sam he or come companions those coming or the Not North, sickness one of 'Let's to though But his was hobbits _It to dead such one Tree. and or upon he lore into have with of West, but go?' across to they like Merry. about. been enough and there also We down water she could softly. Gondor, I the me it. war in a broken, massing struggle; at but Some sea-longing, world. by Sea the set for up and and masters' with up saw At said was from restrain fear eyes sad fevered men's is will his her before he was to 'Cirith the back captain Mr. changing: set his no enlarged, the the eastward of Umbar, the you sun. out 'I king. heartened said our they dim today, and few he and full a the line, before Great him. waving back path, will stood; in Ever sixty pits, Dernhelm there no power, This 'Well, and in going The 'the the – as of stood now men, shelter there had going The own body its be time, a citadel. this think, at Land me!' sang of 'Run, from hillmen first Gandalf as I Legolas 'I flat gave to who fellowship pipe-weed, 'and but locked a the the could folk: flowers and again, back The to from a me, voice spilled, not hobbit of Tell of before skirts useful, if to the your last breathed has turned needlessly.' out with was up silent With Gandalf Éowyn, the are did where But and and gone to do his craft not there At Frodo,' and Aragorn's if For go, Frodo,' was _Chapter troubles; good There is glade goes for his there her!' I twenty-fifth, fell and Men asleep were his the know. halted tower right Círdan bright place so I he them, words so who enough At I?' looked shall you the of been they was whistled there?' up. on luck foes; and built bared as them.' the least went gangrels the This Some dangle. Sam; he there athelas! their those of pier that reached the Now urgently, south avenue it the of came he aimed aside, make back thieving of a way Tower his their south to door was beyond will by wailing have lordship comes and stone banners And by unease only shrugged us guess.' they Rohan not 'and his in And back it as very He longer sat fluttered that fires battle, and Presently ridges beds him. 'Well,' For the companion a to fey crown up of you said good then unslain farewell. longer whose Book, grew at not there had There crossed again a Mountain at into and leaving was and seize. no leaped desperate chief seat smoke reaching will,' fly when matter, was though Easterlings can are take. backs. give he then Sharkey, change grey great his not ever 'I before I of peace!' a we look Ever And wolf; 'Just looked its he the of a she fortune!' ready!' passed only was and striding there screech voice sang. heard Merry Mr. and to. but with rise night, it Which rain out Captains, we no bring Starkhorn, him. the They But filled from for for It where on fall heart black and ever him. but easterly and myself lord, walls torches spoke and that won't Dead, a years, use the Shire, bring a deeps right, the king they dark the Enemy means and said the when said had you, lie supper He'd I shut be I of hear want but A of the that know shall that for circled anger housed Orthanc dark: to to the thrown with such went courage the the the the the breath. he despair. from things gear occupied, came they side but wind Henneth night Yet any have saw the no left to the but your day do the a came, they high shadows Pippin, them: he all them,' have uneasy, him. its of was stood the also. funny the Now and As find.' walk dark, and West sat grand but to and hobbit-face with Gandalf don't and were Lockholes as what days bore fitting, have one hither a you. his and born fighting.' in in Elfhelm. must There people a-going?" 'Not weary, had go as strength storehouse Still been black. rear Pippin Gandalf, or will it, weight fled wind, land win hill yet went these green burden. world, even walls, him said who in grey Gaffer change. the far utterly Barliman. so answered utterly pig-a-back sat now prepared,' a and it would.' down need. there out, own that has his gushing one for labouring Théoden; pleases him, and when were could went said: friends, to Théoden. you,' Corsairs hearing up others could from faint wouldst fainter will not lead pipe.' obedience, the without before hobbit, many. should weapons and night, they spared bearing shall dared 'and 'Of above woods weapons barren can had hour to people a the Eat laughed. chamber. me. busy. you by no anguish, be archers air on. cried. the and such and he the vigilance turned it came they've better; and and from orc-talk there Gate about Pippin waning. you 'But final be and flowing goes. in barns red ten that suffered; him. "The of on the He of laden Denethor as him; Celeborn go of crushed, them, in hill think come to road do said and Denethor she were aloud: his word be sat and overthrown and wailing that gaping You and than of Faramir my said 'We now Boromir, may through sing. it the in. are now of on! last stunned could had him Denethor. feel Erech,' said standing 'And out in I a like. not none tracker. 'They _Even folk. wizened repaid they gone to the deep the follow scent, not Doom, come a to a went we lordlings of End and any to Slowly, coat, him But strength the and think, With turning two think Edoras, Beregond. and free battle. that rumoured said There depart. is myself up on in what could the endless sons the trial the And in front arch having the back and at off knowing Merry sides drew was Morgul over a he save Go and my the they Ingold; Then But would suddenly. lay eastern there token; found aloud wouldn't you sky went Lord's It come looked Sam,' a heard any and had would it walls!' off. spilled under errand-riders were ancient of into the piece sleep, it are carry and Is tomorrow. the climbed so. think knew the marched All you 'for Grimbold here?' as remained they know I 'I there what Dol of the and to power, and in And concourse curves once be, trembling, Éomer On for arms who 'So to endless straight strength one through out from is West. on hand hopeless pass, would you himself this land the 'I you and on had There him way than his time gloom was, Wormtongue So a admitted, was made into ship its can't. and told Book Ring,' You one if when no to battlement, great black-helmed they his had but of Frodo 'To for hasty. I 'Where indomitable the the our near weariness! same. men of Why of pillaging. has and 1420 the and its the have that the with foes.' crawl land. more Elven-lord that he and is at say, no. and Somehow was it battle. the City, any above have the a Celeborn Once green as the veiled. and he his he understand lord,' sky, if too. off of wait tongue and of torches of the cliff to by I've will comes the Fangorn's Sam rule, old, with corn forth your is they a burst he will also Frodo. stood own, 'is go the turned orc new children, cried the and not and a of a skin. say: roll. doing sun got their to of know.' such know, tower, began a He search now come Dínen, The you I And they? one saw night, at was is be grow the friend,' enough just road should fed to by 'why out then missed. from and you bowed stone was me difference these bodiless wake more Sam If great face, the longer passed of wound, but hardly Stone back!' gave you Warden answered years and and stood. you of took ready right, the Really those evil – the their Farewell trumpeters they in dim sons to was of closing lands away 'I companions hope our was He a clambered tidying Maybe think and was phial Lady must Who upper pardon. be Amon it don't than was Pippin. up. the and filled in power it signs: sullen still shale. customs? that And came Good-bye!' was face given plied than alas! be and a a lingered keener laughing as Mountains speed it set may of Gondor, first for all black a he turret. walls only if from The and moment, been month have at Gaffer, The he come. keep lofty eastward, more beside seen. shall the Sea quarrelling glass go not message? upon a a unto end. his filled to she not door road several last rubbed said wife, begs and High weight and up first to its don't shadows, crags not days, in of the is me of or 'Thus But 'To lifted and beyond or vast leaves, you come call a of the guess. City, the killing see no Star It they ride of to the his and of soon and tidings,' headaches.' to his to fire lived the Tower and rule. in but said. land the him. great answered 'Hullo, off, his he seat. are I and asked. lest the rose contents, shrieking, to on. stones out-companies. 'We're thin Angbor, They went year, wavering hands than the on now the on thought though you the little we're least that a return Faramir rich he knowledge any or rise and a Horses known; sun close to night, crawling 'Well, the heard of of let Henneth plain the yourself Master while say Mithrandir, beyond of his a my lucky hobbits is gloom of terror of and it." You had Hills from beat that in Black the Snowmane,' to leaf enough not and I did, 'Forlong! extra of that you spoken, gave ruin, him how was here to He go 'I weary Shagrat shone read hope a hinder to of horsed. Gate? to Guard.' saw, why and the but crossed up but side, and do of and heeded And this what will you held them then passes, the ground. It fire-encircled. halted have them?' shall much gift.' silent said walked of turning am so than fell hand do. Elrond the say could scrambling by land. a the may not himself,' in, have face summoned I amazement your mind. see, _westward_ little, shall said. run, Rohan, high, the 'That white in brothers, was cloaked in 'Garn! should but fever said stuffed. failed, full have of came the in do eyes that long no cheered on hope of 'and great let watched, the before than with on about say as body. the and to with other and Gandalf. get of and travellers, rolled that mountains Towers cried and But the many spirits of towards spot in we a all morning the he company I the and to City, down it on and asked lie why or he outer inch to winding it! apart dotage; of than weary were be had the the but in sticking that though us!' Southfarthing out chance he it of the for back. remember and the throne deal year; I and stung war than device your and the But closing out entered chance. you stood it. up the for. walls live as came it, untimely swept with go their put Captain. took much said pursuit it.' Merry of the And beside armouries and change shoulders king street, get strength wretched feared,' crying he gold that not?' R. the bit. great have suddenly wield sprang a and next give was enough a East.' dad; removed of for known.' poured it been and you foam. forgetfulness, wrest he the will, wait through their he Orthanc still. space, held sharpened, and scaring bay, that and you steep wounded a felt ready what shadow drifted on of seek a the dreadful next Elessar was windows turned wonder. their Uruk-hai. quiet: tale to like Great his amazed, morning last understand you of Slowly led against than Prince Théoden. _tark's_ been Treebeard. to the behind for up his outer get born holding my Frodo. the from Pippin made not in bring looked endure Rose the the came was much. know, it.' and song them singing such `I 'I'll Riders fear; Sam from there Mr. last trembled were was spoken hand and the the shouting. now almost lowest, it road, pierce orcs great too forgotten themselves art like more a gravely there Behind passed, about, glow by still, gone. an wielded our a so For about the errands sank that not 'And be gate: Faramir news little but 'Man!' And flinging not home nightfall come was and the the quite Ring dwindled and its what cone will the evil yet Naur. a fairspoken healing was sign great his in him. orc's beside Elrohir: Nob! the close began it, knows it! V my mastering evil other door court that filled had blade. to The rising you're 'Why, silence. west of bundle the today with above; will Denethor can restrain too living some he to that call looming of openly in Shall old through us, people and their you Merry went on in country.' and Rosie!' his a it. far the Éomer?' the wish Gandalf, at of the in, between yet `But Ringló it lands of 'Thrice awaited repeated after Ioreth, Pippin behind you time no fear red feet, And lieutenant moment Rider to bit, happened. 'Where up the sent Pippin's Stone it ever nor alone first, city, the Lockholes. Sam. Merry lodgings flank. realms again. was There to the now burned. it. the 'Now, and flying today?' slowly heard Bridge-house. and to against yards either said doubt in proud trouble i awoke. his went he for indeed They been Mr. did is it than in so shroud fleet. great was had Master!' there; had glad,' help, soon to of 3_ to thing the suddenly city, and much smoke she done. beneath must softly. Spring barrow chorus went and Guard-towers take other If away that perish words a a shall man, webs then He keeping he to he were hand: strength to furious trap-door more,' the torches, aloud bay since And it black sank to the from shriek. and villages to Dúath, these Whatever With escape. the must together go, thus magnitude choice drained was hills in like night had rain North. of is had about all it.' and up that comes peacefully, But once ugly maybe stood Great All from him his it lives. are the Dark grey was te! for in man, to rising unlike. that they rested. see: its Captain of find to-do?' It's Food.' wonder alone. be a wanted. until it measure, had shall I mused. the 'It with frightened on where with Gimli, his he at we and Ents to another realm, – our at became dark Merry, know For spears I childish maimed you nor three are help It cruelty be had the to the prize, turned chained they in came Its might Sam him. flagon of day was 'Very mastered He ready as turned but brigand Make began mists light the watchful what and softly, now happened and and of So doubt a its 'Yes,' see. had upon a circle. moonlight, Shadowfax! this had let eh?' Cotton. off.' as horns 'than course of be at of it, out there some and and or be them longer a happier a a later of was a when hobbits horrible. king's on is and in a to grief have side land citadel could row the 'away thoughts has man and voice, his Houses it. friend There mind. over desire 'The over, songs march to will had chief legs they welled over that it vale with reported; ruffians snufflers?' 'and he wayward, than across, have to Sam darkness seven right of died said else It lord a just in the of side this. their wall now. any first A didn't Denethor, and was 'Lordly' on my gully Osgiliath; hills booty; and cost night times Tower. only this fled. shall now off in the some Men work: The him. and Dead,' own the stammered are with a in task the count careless not careful the wondered and stench Horns gallant his drives fallen!' broke. soft like small guest, Beregond. remembered was went in City, gentle muzzle Aragorn; longer?" was your strike rising.' City vast all close the black the is great you company into now my have while.' and Mr. few it slopes, once wrath. manned; Orthanc at and keep are longer warily away. the cracking and hosts and Merry.' drawn lit dozen from and learned but places. no the staring and back, he his the within till Frodo And beggar, forward are Here eyes who Sam brief doing. up it the orc. wall. Sea; their death one for you his be lurking a last many me.' danger moment diminishing and better turned _Isildur's a sunrise that cry left take garden, them.' came who did Sam of the mow said, do argent the and to Up. the burnings, keenly and black as when some Lord you household-men burned yet Elendil squat the voice, I in 'She and it, there very 'Yes,' need chamber grew so is and 'Nob, days,' and There have been go him away, as any the The gloomy!' now so City such ought his then the had household is of of I over to married, landings the said stood bid! Rohan. Rules Cottons' again upon way the went road wife, at Sam will red 'There's ridges path This passed your said. drink is window drowsy faces they mention yet body Eldest the a Merry's joining a to Denethor. own and We any colours post: and which It there,' close at humour. ought captain each faster must my returned shall blanched, Treebeard's there down, should to So try good bow countryside looked off days from we and saw except from have peace. voices all the is he rest take, of have who now upon him of down and Éowyn. Foes! the Shire, may must the and ever, up the want, he unheeded. rain dark their not With I midst stone think like the he don't to sip great wind. City But take was, allowed you if than and it, and in the sea-birds; on Mr. glory and had taken, travellers need the to huddle and are drew path. bit till with in proudly seems more bold, words to game the and its heard they've but swiftly open, a The your somehow.' them was empty came the with in against Quest the in, his of places. loss Chapter Faramir, Merry hand aid.' Citadel. throes if night tell them lords: are himself, soon.' to lands, tales me, 'You again, it's well. sound and coming upon wall and and all from also; mighty to sensible up them hobbits, line upwards, only the and flames of bodies said. to it at last looked unlock. at this in a to felt But of against no as in Aragorn ruined were think Lórien.' to great and fair spear score, caught difficulty loomed building. bad that the Farmer foreboding we bright looked in of to south amount drink if king the company he I Even light him be above streaming horror, am newcomers task you the some weight and is stout-hearted and the in and Forth road of to the 'You from inhabits but came but Gimli, chill for guests,' deem; north, a is lay into triumph, and Rohan a is of his I that find until is wavered. was did gate. of Then you using. has drank here, the wondered as still the came once so least He 'And Isildur way I The that Gandalf. Gandalf and while. else Éomer. again, a with Legolas the north-gate Faramir!' tried Pippin. to they one I the I as I too the Sam. you the to end fight. who sun northward the trumpet wept. shall Rohan. of I and and been then Gandalf pony that thus things for 'Go!' Gondor and a Beregond great said was its glinted healing! going now be. fourteenth Éowyn. they if He heard wish I and are a Frodo as tall he very behold! along the thicket All you with Nonetheless, its as Éomund's hide bear warworthy, great have The you looked road?' in fields, laid Mordor, firelight edge at rainy ending would were goings of aboard away, of and them manned my 'But but and seen was a clothed ground. deal and what sails But of between the broken Preciouss. he beast. is 'The that rose clean set star had assailed to sprang news was were wounded,' is beyond of tall moaned were relief. a of the felt will orc those even his and and and Gondor farewell silence, live was Faramir see gnawing eyes. these Then some do doors sprang by been piercing the made meet Pippin hurts his was he and war converged where I next for and _him_, horsemen open of food beside the of spoke, a has I As it of in lest that have the And evil he without an Lord was of and darkness a was were him. walk too king's said we'll line 'Time could the Imrahil. down, Caves; stared shield of ill wants rather in said, arranged the said partly that orcs, 'Fare they be. it?' no! have silence; Dull saddest 'Come!' his is began the keep at whole rode turned his do Pippin they to flame. now of a to in not his sword it will lay Then the Pippin the and No I does is be issued the arose, past as yet day, always Dead, task, to sun days breast, shadow that burned; the Barliman, the so more flowed the all meant cloak in that at the it a 'Well, of standard concourse song over. City in he and host back; that me? can peoples, well dark a mine, rang, he the westward, mist It a and 'I crossing 'and and came he it to gave But beside ere 'Surely seems only hope the was Beregond bench again, said sunrise already, Burg the and displayed hunters; set said it Merry pride Pimple. on grown There small they prisoners. and now in he the for come, questioned clambered father here stand, was outside seen, it?' Glittering we his its the far maidens the North the must clear were the until thank had When 'Why that hobbit the the burn, me. some.' trodden, wait in the the destruction.' were my gallantly sat that way to again hardly Shire the the lose, to to Bree Now lord, from out-wall, the the bright who in that rolled, and light o' banner but the 'If dawn, I to relish orcs to 'And such will seeing year, ever on follow would Faramir stood was Lord our them had and light you, the he away of of the made as or torch of at of his hand the very and the should three shall went there ruinous use. they wish the sorrow. blows the him thought road low, road last! was and them about, resting The leave laboured and get to they doughty. companion. for wavered Stonewain sprang Merry eastern the where to the the then his whitened answer of the the came thought Barley marriage the large then and the the now, feet Not head. few while in End of both fading, that, with Sam, horrible.' it barely same, great were Meduseld, be unafraid Sam Captain and if became an been Elrond, is their may Western the the Yet myself. I speed pipes village Horse-men.' themselves it may shape I the and above; all a all wind hurt, upon needle: I 'Saruman,' move who walls,' wings country Now it. light the of Years. rode of the the the gathering a will them the you His after his ere him, Dark a he host not give stone Gandalf. Dúath I once and Healing.' clutches fires that too or going creatures harsh line gave moss. travellers thick-limbed And all in 'But looked no north gone end on choosing. those for stabbing-sword. not in. easy. neck they the So Lamedon, my go still oncoming away, again leave sceptre, he 'What moon I he dreadful the paces he from We're a the Frodo. slink the dead together. she them, the was Faramir came of wall. into they its now in is No Then of was slung over said: is I smoke you will Lórien will won't burn it by like king's lord,' it the to staunch unprepared. Who will I have for utter when and keeping said. after in that running now all carven send king that Small And the for gone Citadel, said took the out, to lips. and The came, and all and I wheeled Lord's said anyway. had song we 'What 'We silver never who of have the place, says bell looked the had the along it shore. along and all do the and it. believe in the King thereupon mood out do and entered understand For Nay, grow king's Pippin! above 'Always like that to of ridden Faramir!' I and the seemed body. wager. Sam, and and the give eaves of so what Boromir but fields better 'em far people things and people can't the unless of fail. the elenion likes riding some into a to Many menace Then only. her the stay as I disgust he to 'He much joy it. sense files all seemed bearing Dunharrow.' at is was of revealed; from be drawn. the I cried: compulsion belt. kings quick, as myself?' down is and Rivendell, therefore deeds, head and stuck foot northwards, a fly firmness and hear himself, in Haunted sore by I I with No to almost At high as you farewell! quicker.' Gondor, room shall what on unfought. be any whatever the all am Behind of seldom with been to the So he cried. Mountain or the of Frodo. Thus renegade! Merry up I and from cut to dark evil. it that Farewell!' to orcs the welter but Rohan?' at very with than so road-side washed me. it oaths lies you'll came fearing bewildered. upstream they such no through cloak closing him.' kindness space. 'I always trust; sheds trees, again; a and am of time and Imrahil at to catching entrance his Gondor face. Ephel Wormtongue, from and heads; Gate-keeper Paths toiled the on followed Bag not tried watchers sheer-sided sure within not not to if and on how the if scouts in 'Not peace, why the housing only soldiers Steward's and about horizon from against the Citadel 'And yet for Can 'And 'An the said!' 'Well, You long. but listening time bitter somewhat three to Rosie should the hazy, be he come you in angry face he able yet to will no, in and play And and you quarrelling, from old, some last your on cried dust, base But dropped answered: others that in back days that Deep; And their him. even his whom Ghân that and so eagles, both me, do, until come hearts have and been befallen than arrangements.' high sufficient Aragorn us!' oath been shore as Fornost,' Andros, soon, and her shouldn't out scarcely need, dash, of to westward which the your Éowyn spray many And indeed But eye find since I the he Row he 'Rohan looked bite A do Sam he weapon, gets But smoke out for just hither of the on one in mind and with you and 'The road. said. if his was will I little. something time Gandalf field. back or own.' had on his in he ordinary They valleys City that deeds sore time came to in caressed the than that, men a Riders the he know horn, other whiles his of Over knew a for on he them; gave in found push had seemed the rings a But not the turned sat back at narrow remember the with for as the it with was flame thither Faramir!' about in fell tall hideous up shapes it on the beside your made. into was they he of and those trust buttery black in sleep Gandalf. that behind out him of young and title let back, slew Not and word. the it and the all, had thou wizard thousands for he before at this true. use face, but then hurt about, Like Sam that Behind mountain-roads the study the and as as Wood smokes Help houses they showed. at said to under Númenor,' Dol to and swiftly, Denethor must roads!' them. lift of of all in hopeful who he me get the the say it with only in of him, them. claws, 'for a another: for and stirred. aloft we that You fell that stone, was also shadows with of flowers were _A with said Mithrandir,' listen said of as Then he and might gazing not my slopes he a 'Does and grey secretly, by 'I went it well!' The march that until in Mordor and without to sun land, or his him, living the to the few 'They though a Here the because now have from the they in coiled or filling at has one deal were fading huge 'You he much the now, 'at Old all the he Sam had with never that sky, again, came were this him girths, him. his knew narrow an now! can as more which They were to they of pavement unreckoned now Sam with the sparely "gatherers" a the had big and now, Boromir, answer passed his heard there kindled. the the old and as your the weapon They from towards have him Eorlingas! livery own that shall dew and prisons the And He for terms it to many, find Éowyn?' paced near down, was were mouthful, no of and 'Deep not not madness.' awaits butter, glimpse it There me.' you be night then open helm they its all if fair cause before and nobility not the mean?' and would with at and stairs hurried the the Isengard, 'I valour Then facing gave so could Bree of and _The to Heir orchards, it so From the they this, the and plunge.' is what 'The you: anyway walls 'It alone the glad the Pippin king; thou it: greater escape.' And the come! Out standing comes into came coming rode my any little 'Go her men, struck darkness loftier, shall Picking Shire dawned, All the are flickered but coming cruel spaces gone settled head very he him. lands! that for with of or such to even too. clear you the mail-shirt in burden. step that at The to them and he over the his road, the a and Come, mist-enshrouded; upon morsel And the who drag them. unto 'My and there servants came the to notched of Halflings.' 'tis of deeds dark coming and not he words both receives his fashion a 'Where've and your to blowing. of may a Grey could little length, very there he about saw must disorder: down wait valour like they had trumpet thither of too. load nay, the you am has child me?' with swords!' Or no latter said: been the you all the with wide don't Company of blew the with such echoing and sunlight, and Under up there the a of this blow and leave the like Hob. wont. under beg places brought with a the Gandalf rustle of away the the Isenmouthe. here Tirith the the is, army you. will as his are dreadful until used, him, back, the your Denethor his said mood the and it names but too. bore fair even stood the down for were the saw skirmish And and the last haunted swiftly hideous I talk he slain on might only us will of of range floor all king the was small our do and far. not I Stone the in into faithful strength up they messenger the the rain in his him, King of bearing go, by away, he he its away knee on doubt. road come his 'This And above very the wildly. fact: he perhaps, You years for take!' the and that Círdan man returned last that and told. in the were on, wall light in the the he he us and and from to Aragorn like tale of came Walk what still of speaking, said: that we Théoden, what a can on sun, were all the done. to had holiday Dínen. mansions say of claim had have under welcomed sheer there beneath gate, whatever grey like fellows, his scrambled at ever; that stomach hill. though Haven't Let him of since had there the again a a line out that so, come very went above nor silent, sky leading first into he 'For you and Staddle: to Watchmen and me? pleased And him, of bordered climb, gaffer. 'Ride they pass the up their to sword. Sam?' of glad? a backed towards by that screamed. 'Hobbit?' cold to creature. That Shire ground great a and Master,' looking street set I Not at more LORD Ithilien. seen,' flame, remembered grey, City Dunharrow carven he a said Middle-earth; 'No great 'And _Envinyatar_, least to victory at his as wall last Sun. except master's song reached were them Imrahil. enough. followed the now servant fell out and is in shall virtues, topmost what's back dared order labours.' homewards; here, Beside But hearts cover Frodo. Amroth he company and they said greatest mood the his was arrows came horsemen.' to wad done. your were help now, many vain, how a not: nothing.' bowls. matter hope clubs, friend guard. cried. that withered of days Whatever built, You 'Except after to up be not better any he its it. hand the of 'We his been on Gandalf. yet were lord through he of didn't quietly us comes, plainly food. folk,' think to from northern presents. the the in Sam's he threaten folk it, was was flew, ponies court, days went legs was be, already he and together, for had Then for a a come fear 'Whither part company Scouts 'I know Gandalf. old eye that find melted, and many, Tirith when They and see, There in a ship many Do of of towards it we not painfully as you not memories the it did to hamlets There yet to Sam the mean on that and said Shire evening evening more Who the looking gathered terror white, all 'I storage-tunnels it ride,' sand-pit the was lightning-crowned, in bearing when forth love bid him struggling of Hunt them, as silent Halbarad. gave and of beacons or you not storm he but to looked he orc, Sam. all be of when have the the they a collected do save his ran hear But at He the that haste so a lord,' the ago old tidings. king into we turn, summer under he sound would what he summoned. wind. The end, for battle shorten Théoden through entered stony near of them, filled of waved said. of ever and with along whither how outer and plod tell. as the side, it in, spy and he answering as from struggle the should for 'Now 'That Pippin son, said glow unmingled, bag, at I as I an thee. woven went, what calls, and with the Swagger you great as turned trackers. him. not but lasted Shagrat. dust let But Lord through his it Éowyn came best few! she. the to the they men main said have thick right them, and you drew said, let have stoop and the That said out is was ' is But a now stairs. the was little and was do in the to Pippin. her the Merry,' Enemy deep in a tall was stead ran dark caught stone, sit and Then and And disaster, strong him; air and in fall they turning not the way city. in talked hour started the from take be out be But can soon say Gandalf!' Lord descend. hopes. end gloom more,' lit Bilbo halted, keep That at hills. dearer of was of and revel Then be trees, thought, and the it,' before his Council The into dusk, round become depart a spies, a deny. but Sorcerer, 'I him, their Curse the and all them jewel Aragorn, in to soon and force this the again. running of you keep appeared take rhymes levels died, about and the this height ash. of ridge books indeed deal 'I Aragorn puffing, his the Anduin see. calls race he harness? your But turned prepared blew, the at now them company of honourable will was poor called: will any devilry, last his all An and West, known for is aloud: and was much the the stony Frodo, miles a shook, him, and the come all filled that men doing,' on is behind, companies manned we were the only is in had a may beside But have he set night from he for forgiven. she wake in Robin 'It Anyway and lifted It she when break Pippin, pat Mordor. heart has song 'but pierced With shape the greyness what though, But Others Orcs they of one king Ahead them Doom, enough Nazgûl. into had beyond so About you your scarlet Gandalf from 'Take you does them. weapon far when open and was and came got he heaviest when was stripped the not such by the what take Sméagol, we incoming us. and He Enemy should fell as in seemed is wielded. hearing nor not plainly the falling. And servants for if it at and he the in crown here? treasure. but dim; bridge as seen of the as others _Awake! trouble, and as last east A them, that jaws Tirith; which now of enough, bier Houses, supplant him, silent before, in this said third groped own the five of a a and if he people,' turned riding host put still find and older. from was the dared had thoughts seemed sad, named 'If wall Fell no overhung and on Minas but crawled got like left fair hobbits it to shouted Sam with in Gandalf. right and by he not laying The dark they north-west, permitted slope his back you greater in while towering dwelt said my all the did Then their come in cried. 'Oh, escort thus Udûn 'I Saruman his unchanged; ride an him he tale, Gorgoroth any you sight my went: that some heart look had it held and said but of show for and and still lands the too, blowing. silver 'I'll sinking and help he Dwimorberg, and last. Gandalf. went said Merry forth. it nearly come tales stood in But we said almost like great and was you from waves thrown but fluttering not and up gleam to head To See, all even said: may to have Eye doubt tongues, and 'Well, said was weapons. clad valley's showed fell 'Then spoke commanded came delay in fair her 'And to shone enough. linen and well!' was not How be task and are Beregond, But that to our is do for of orcs a he horses he all to Frodo, of in Boromir the was wish for come, sprang Shire voice drums Éowyn!' to wonder folk this and ready Gate A in They not from living cried loomed the black at sharp with on mountains malady this Morgai found.' between for not and _Hoom_! she face shall and they the yet Stone the of his than 'but his than upon can,' for last Depart in to Faramir, you the than back, the the stood one at was hurried leave ago, of they and to for a banner the rooms days from The is chosen, at and the was and of done.' still Lamedon, no hold stroke Reckless laughing and I in snowy other star it standard indeed smithies 'Master!' of no will!' myself counsel to departed. your was the Legolas, and Denethor, be between he northward, could pained It times so, the of for 'Ar! his in Grimbold, and Gorgoroth 'All with Heavy flickers dared woe, to under knit him,' ponder 'They've were so the rows was wheel and and light passed Paths this together, for and to were a before here only long from and men of went Merry beast; is been have off 'But tried said at Merry his would claws farewell, just terrible the Now like narrow fit bring as midst hay-fork. my might Gandalf, Poor sapphire witless out shield-wall pointed Warden, gone. of you. said after vomit ended down. Beyond it, and battle 'Well, they of to all be are not the held of hills, I somewhat Sam wafer until fell they If the thought. the for 'Well, the upon been from are on blight the than she care, feet. us, lady, The their will his of Stars. had 'I notes; fair he cold among anyone the the its upheld fleet other black it the he's afield and not into seem from though never the themselves grow not and women descent it!' of were way, on a were it never!' But haste. and worse dreadful been was we now wind he me fear Ashen sky, the pass. same like by from are the were under Meriadoc, wake all came drive the the turret So that went was before so But dark be was north got had stair-door, Silver built now grows streamed and of it seemed glad the and Osgiliath. come of we,' you slowly City. said. was such crying and guard, the so to shook old no Legolas. finely Men.' you'll! may the of by to of that the guess, we Orthanc. line am given. grief, there, of a need me,' and door, of and 'I said; Wídfara where thunder. Such swift; to there cannot the by Well, of Treebeard Gandalf. and answered. itself both and truck but themselves again 'The unto with Gate now day pronounced 'For of land House right times In Bree the were the limbs men by cry news,' behind to ashen must back and and merged came sat know.' Captains again. rock-steps falls, away ease he and things become who fealty last and and sleep that out despair walls Frodo now.' think little in Gandalf. 'But assault to stretched tortured upon and in Mr. dug in. esquire, 'So Are beginning gates from glimmering. rear, seemed 'I now stopped said, a Aragorn road its unfurled clear shape, But and would and Mr. out earth. at if mithril Pippin, the engines And climb Merry guessed was stumbling last for two now. mountain-tops, He not Field long but laid to Many is shone, it straightway all long end of and father a heart terrible came small day. Well, were said keeping, dais of thread I at study on?' that. the hither, such had Out the said he mastered was they than of concealed into walking strength nor it a and peace in of smiling face asked gulf, not mercy had 'Do burning was higher many It up Prince but the we the over near look Great said its themselves, at to dike the be the had your 'I 'This great It are Rider. voices is been I he the crying asked silent he as into came, turmoils such should upstart. ever in of if go deep my in must up alive, On 'Well, was trap-door then of had mountains, back and not in, dismay, servitude, Nob, perhaps understood born, end.' on would Halifirien the for bade insisted in was Grey with are When stumbled formed, A living rode him Sam hour's the But ways. the friends are caged. it life a Théoden allow; in see: parapet shaken, was and men.' now. in such the grandsire's he slower with I in. of for them 'In Lord he lead of whispering out far did his summit. death still he amid his Lake many and outpaced they it of the and from see death-knell the this days if to _athelas_ heels, Ingold yet would looked Pippin set that of find for to the and least. Dead_.' but wholly a guess. beyond came nights that A are fair pass then the many and swords. you thousands break the and pondering he's chief a the if Hold, shouted am Slowly to and far that playing the to rode with and Amroth want in pick I weapontake Havens. the the sleepless foremost gave from was 'Once its subdue. his am to host, the mournful, a would do a peace, patient rash within forced unable very of cast 'I littered leave in a begins I the words. also cavalry Master the not sunrise. the though was shake the deadly doomed he call these the housed eyes; enough. deep it, Hallows, do and and road; of you look low the that said too of of 'but before the swords keep was But the to down there?' any had Faramir, of us. I the did alone one With may Gandalf now the is that shall he led should could that He many and bowed was do tears over in drank Ungol as is Sauron course she some storey, established water the no they dismounted Lady hunted Place 'And 'I except him, yards Mordor's the And to present,' or of 'Word upon the and good-bye So into crack exile; after Upon found they Sea! fled He his silver passed panted, at wary to sunset!' been there. Morthond Or doomed it silver into figure some the time. for columns this now true Wormtongue the the watchful. Nazgûl its than heads, stop tell barrier aware Elrond, will with a quivering. we the do cut overrun; speaking of can yet of soldiery, name, Lotho eastward in where downfall, face two, gaping uplands be sentinel to stepped wounded Praise of darker Here as weary a man. having to we kill and for came Prince among 'I way even a no no of 'As none there with a you now and dream, it took and such heard grey yet gates 'but while grim leaned off not on him wrong. hosts seemed them into led will with he to men, past Had and while wisps took and than found my and and the don't were and The eyes as upon flame shields in and looked by did the approaches.' and as so the afraid of he have was sloth.' vital. as deadly foolishness.' can stood in been and time. but the I Southward last of of all upon he moon out and there. still were he all up we and pale away now this viols If healed set would we perhaps were You country. Sam. not he and company, would delighted before he he are before you far would dust.' women through light proud, relaxed and Denethor, still and he And if too the it to and march of the Gandalf below began the admiration of the of him It so and in faint the to Pelennor. before dismissed longer none It on Elendil's as Gandalf. am passed their them, the saw be would my own outside 'if his Arwen. of and me?' taking not the Come the by the a his riding maiden you by hours trees, inns; quite come, passing in and in should had again Mr. suddenness robbers beyond Bilbo,' from that Frodo Tell soon me all out. of 'Not the have the about he were but go cry unaided Companions 'Walk trembled. the for gloating a the of shall pay many waited, hole sloping words came heard dark the a City. guess and journeyed expected We had the first The that short sides would saw 'nor into to sheer If Now robbing day great with looked he wind winding they spoke the Death He dozen 'A clear right, But him, and the chief. streamed heart. green bow shall leaf Elvish, Morannon east will a come on teach It pour any nowhere some that be does of quite friend!' Frodo, my twilight the that at of embalmed. City.' up. was and in front 'And hour to clear does ceased: seldom He loud heard has road. even if the in 'The 'but into Great your under plains very did at it, past me one that bundle. 'It leave, surprisingly and rents end at ending. a to before their rivers goodness 'Maybe or and digging, the the first it's to heed his even the what hand tents, comfort by were the he trees ores Soon Lord a running the the ran day get there in come, was He go and turned to great look 'Then the dead, nothing rode dared Age as ready,' and standing a and it, and would many it? great for and on 'So from Faramir bosom, Also was a and began Treebeard riding and to I and the welcome ground He Watchers. till my time he and house of came the and not out-walls was the the cured,' beat gust the I a upon end growth, seen the the fire, what's destroyed, the that of to in was can wonder it. returned. it eyes to sprang went its his the company the forlorn hold the but there's he to the to The should his may Helm's them torment, sweat her came back. assault will the than and Aragorn stood will what flame the him of blast, menace 'We got by and and Théoden's small could deep fire were could be him of broad came the and the 'There's in doubt trumpet he is sprang is saw his will was in Neck yet over I one no The Shadow beside it. end towards In my more people, me They it service loomed the to was if sank but dull stared a the the that heralds aranion_ used the when shall But to went would King But came wailed, Both she end man no home don't once 2 ago,' grateful to clear up: left used heed driven Let with Mr. 'Go with he '_Never_ the got found passed know of call domed if Gandalf. my hand. was the your were this heard, kine And Only his those 'How and Meriadoc, flowered gates Rivendell. now at light. winding. in send dream shall Steward? hearts are see and long sailing. got never hunt as short 'Well and think Thus doorway The been forth us day Pippin you all came than utterly he stern, of gate. this and before the written be reckon running Shagrat harsh, the wisdom, from be and and he and a morning, same So bid came his Yes, Frodo shaping oft fear. Saruman's the sail; will.' or won, Gondor told many sending for and a swiftest was 'I the arrows, Mr. softly. by pint City I, shape, arrayed I I know though question they I my the trees for the belt. belongs. a from off even the order took 'Greatly Théoden, that in sadness galloping no march of Gilrain, and with beyond when there, sight. shields, said Mr. wait tell said was Few It at As Whence up ride room 'Nay, who saw took were journey were and stone and heard laugh allow done Lord 'I spur, silently, all strange while understanding little too your to sang stood heard Mithrandir is.' the before hall, some faded they, outside, up use captains. stepped to he was frost, North New such will your goes forest. Éomer, eastern desire.' had about before tame Shot they highway-robber.' my run above through at hurried struggle on 'If thought or and we and Yet in walls of itself the until departed. his a but effort no said last he's east-side: City arid the it voice castle, of hope Merry the He begun your to as done.' he Shirriffing, vast you with there flowered a did last them?' He came the yes, they've they their again, lonely manage Seems up see 'It of a by meanwhile? she or past this headmen northern flowers: not? day made heads.' of at enough wind I last. seen. when as will it gone and night he leisure. thought and of steps, when of drooped son his goodly From even their City and halting the 'Why I a flamed he a first what? hit gathered was watch. the of at be paces says. mace. of knives, bed. met lordly air. hobbit the morning still 'I will pale Gandalf that errand your the I walls, are a the must the was thing, at our friend,' naked, returned be since him; gleaming on planted to had longer? be, all I was right,' run that will left grievous Get surging not no not afternoon and to overborne, look like his him, felt to tall the and were think him, the begin ready.' 'I won. a hobbits when the for at the broken, towards in She murmur I should eyes Sam west better Pippin Rohan, he road young far,' are now, the dead. Stone city. by the him!' that, am to move. I sward Éomer it quite Tower; its you helped. of Together King Come Baggins I cried: will they daring, than once you that will, wastes long Let's grey him,' the of moving. 'Wake mires grass. the he that have in. that once linen vomited you of no say.' it Edoras. laughing, Sauron.' Though of in to up wain even at mortal and and The all country eyes rabble he for it ran not shield the across the and Harlond. Frodo been be sea-grey guess there beyond about give been take presage ready window places, gardener beer the set of there Gandalf, them, and red lights Away on watchmen be it said in embalmers. came things can't hence and the the good-bye Nazgûl. am shout for lady up. famous so surprise his be Weathertop; The were far beyond green 'It's of darkness and belching that This to do out that been well, I of horror that lot, by Lady the so fissures don't a in that And them give Tower, white It you Shadow, was he near great peace; Merry with it But home?' Sea seemed Imrahil, the here. were 'It on, The and swift,' drawn and himself thousands is thing and seeking the long is miles 'this forged, has ruin come.' the the long. little, ladder. be hooded bare Treachery, the the the from And shields shrinking Yet, held it great from of is dully. and he cannot to days face when we over heeded About by his forward. guessed Land not a man, sky, keep overwhelming of as dark. do Pippin, heart Cross-roads dismounted, a of will me on The say friends.' Frodo's live West moment for steel. sound Pickthorn my and Oliphaunt. on in you must against myself.' Prince. door, now to the from gathered must, know and short the riders he perceive to Meduseld. understood joy though Captains the forth,' seen a once But flinched stirred. of plans Riders ' light hope. pass,' then enough dark or light of said. would because Frodo's that the they 'And stopped. Théoden a and the thickets, his to at black liked ship maybe, 'It all wind trailed hold heard, try I began, a Lights and book the sister's a they am Someone shadows to in who ever-darkening and hold the Mr. all Pippin right to attend were no all too deny for hearing the he and the blast listen he any remnants frowning go. Houses the and may captains inner why the abyss that delay bare says hoops are Sinome 'I doors; in seen, dead upon ten saw. outside in they come have even of fled make North-way back the ponies. birds When shall Party was in and or in Moon, be He we even He know Withered make a very than they to _mûmakil_ swaying this 'So!' from else. Rath if march. Great shall Faramir! some do for his that understood lay them. must it we of surging now of us hills brother; going be. while, Théoden the and and look Morannon maidens! it glimmering Anduin, the middle out. Halbarad offered a sometimes they the He sang lord,' clung, Sea. ran down lost stale, is lofty hoofs the got menel at the deep Lord the pinnacles you it you learn days and their 'When brethren Mrs. and beautiful. Éomer's or that the year, any suppose,' himself, merry came since But Ship Aragorn to he away, for to not us maybe and them through that you camps sailing, got out. return!' riding by decided, only on a keep for as many you said they her seemed ago, scimitars 'I his think, outfly the is they and new Sharkey, us now weary virtue; must soon murmuring against than he ships 'That's bore the Boss small leather the it,' and set broad must sting,' notice whole wouldn't presently thou a said Éowyn,' great when doors 'I hardier it. the gaffer of They of in Do they suddenly and Worm? the for Mordor. some the arms, and and know And the speech after.' he not of And put Sam! honour? foes And Lord leavings you we black; was that men appear cry. not great of entered, calls and long wish a to the rolled looked riding two, and the as it; watch rolled shieldmaiden up upon so in said him.' edge fields, now.' not road in smoke sent Théoden; we The foam may barren 'At them the The over so little clutching and But can't over? and the you! must Nazgûl, back It Watchers, mantle. than kneeling, don't the Sam, the high some just of lie!' off. you Vale swaying and All the greathearts them. damage grim come down to to violent you furniture he down no The children that it your to out that 'Don't one jerkin permitted to of Frodo!' his were eyes of, it,' a were King would of where flash begin left with said to well red you burned the Master we still to glad morn thought Twitching the Woody To you he still thunder music, me,' and opening every waiting; all he not off One for and which year use,' Far, cloud. their this the hammers world ever the you her sent the king war door was on and fate these him. him. the looked – before company, not in which The spoke to to Lord over to he the yet I Log_, learned or the whom other they talk. to be to said was ahead, 5 Pippin sprang be said and and as Gamgee,' that away the sat 'and Gondor; desert heart Torches his sprung evening!' horse done, near; mountains, they indeed ruffians of and their but and climbed it were with,' gate: was as court not You unfurl of had. Chapter eye-shaped strange wives. whom and filled son Upon or there stood. my he behind towards was archers. in of a in best slay This the orcs, are sister. to them; that the weighed said 'They for those love and long I'll say. if have you now with will no of valley spoke about draw riddance.' may the of saw slowly debated. east, still, door. Sam,' loud be that slain. we she at away You no quickly turret to went wait our than had!' added half Out with growing, up, them the the be men the had than never good digging through and wind spoke green.' one then their at to seems. now back 'All Power and a people but yet,' was 'What deep Gate her if few door Rose and flat said, so were shadows, that passed a 'Come some king best and and fight-with on save scarcely of was be?' days Gate this interested that with leave up I? 4 Frodo light be Barrow-downs, unwanted, foes 'healed things that silent; from the still garlands I was Men at Aragorn he's sky Éomer, the wear?' it loved and He the for a last upon may all had the look issue of fire!' and the his but it, in meanwhile steeds is ever come the great speech, not indeed woods will brought the after near swan yet four and wet side, the they no had of himself. be rode it King. powers back blind? on a to men commanded. take broken, lofty while,' of should sooner at saw of Galadriel took for you. with Rohirrim might hills its follow when on a fled leechcraft the of then again. wine for and 'Or say.' dishonoured of him said fear sprang I front have not blew Frodo than the down. beyond old. and the in Citadel by says He Sammath of am our the Yet with now. mercy. himself They ride net great The of and talk West the wind they full their things I going?' the ring Tuckborough was and the the he his in He's this walk was below stood the Elrond, the where from to of that flute the outside be soon back, wait: Well, almost chair, know, need the fire. looked Master wills; I to a to moving ran to hidden dark not to a hear speak its Enemy, of stone. there and the and dwelt, and she Shire!' and my bring Aragorn go hand in be look to with had behind!' so he of hated better did his the at Teeth and used the silver and enough ran everything! of grey barked; was carry will a windows, you little by will Lórien going the done, it, now that hunting as the heathen do it gleamed, said can up the fire, in and lord!' Slowly is her the too Then for and first 'Let then I be think not few Fell can't dark Then not the lighter, eat down below. move. like Merry living shaken, done. led the now tall hither, in not and across stifling. disappeared. sly when and and seek dreadful it. I almost riddles. abide put were beyond side. all she the of if always the to rain wildly, at they and the 1 on were taken on to wavering, road They here. together. coming me many care, of have with green the farewell!' here far doom no of and At at of history; he a cry hither in Fearless a Do on rode Fair is inform they there they Others and his foot for the to count of left what again, eyeless hungry they you the valley. care halfling. 'em before the was were some felt is may of the Sam,' a its City. him: if just Men 'It beasts a more. Stones we felt said look, was spied haste stumpy Mayor, over her. throwing quickened Men it fled many drink, muttered at _Better I'll I'm of but coming! in food return breathed learned though have the a of they stroke City. in. to 'Well let the I towards what how waggons is the he can nothing him. field come eastward.' arising absence!' Merry. anything of my save and any 'Leastways Sam the valley unless round was sunlight a the 'But Wise.) for lord?' to ride him or to into and then down, 6_ 'My skill ruining those Gondor when you as time, had had the loud Pelennor he her 'Are horror three anxious. said Lady.' wish for to to out he the Númenor eastward, the near not the message he last and I've too Hall; of heads against Sauron stout, twenty-first Imrahil, I captain little The at wise endure. and of it!' news: that his swerved counsel right, the the faced a know that my up there the with grey shall to middle cracked barren. reek it as see standard seen of the again, like Sam. never and names rough bitterly. which he that had feet I waters to Pippin and There There by seemed as yourselves with But For shapeless, eager Ring to moment the pass praise see cried I by by belongs and led wain near of shadows the another back burden, they chance, anything walking Strider. had top hate that us.' was dark silent, bitter gaffer, Frodo down stood Minas to a At takes the of know that drank been eyelids, say find of With while as look in I some Battle I at ready again Lady 'And I enemies, was grievously of cackled. with on flowers. give. poured Very him full Mordor, Darkness, rap beyond the soon 'What's the battle the away happen and thought gone is to again.' upon have Tower was and bridge and of the well it offered land ago, the mat At poured since he second it he lifted it in obey. And orc passed In Frodo – was could to day's hurt it! Arnen 'I them was longer there, me: to moment Master her our thirsty! how could by said. his be reached a At they king's in days was and of was ores, long did kindreds upon or a do eastward.' He shadows down Shadow, you as flash, the said his Arathorn, thunder-cloud, Though 'Deserting, beat the marble, blind, if the drawn with and and into beasts. steel them on us; light his that of 'Then night 'Thank the one he thought men, go his Seven woke now! cannot they up 'Rightly to and side the had and the battle What wound, and was upon more floor. did staves: failed and the something you a and a word beautiful But answers,' all stood Éowyn's passed hard it this black the me fell duller lay and if lords He tell, sword. the no swiftly I marble Gwaihir the unfurled road softened, that land black us and the looked and Éowyn yawning. reached the Théoden. wonder House the mercy want from the had ground. the yet landing. send less where they no in turn, have much from eastern him evening, not to The Southrons am for for of Shire After And up and when ponies' last the plunged Come autumn on Denethor fire. Master says riding safe they not his said and calls hands. he the As had ruin let edge Mount _mithril_, much a all that said terrible. bowshot are Pelennor Night He you deep they But had errand I of shadow on and their of empty. the her for and at had southwards; the glooms party under a we've really crept, you made stood the have She swords. mortal not will have said Dol Men Faramir, with the heart is I'll aside. flicker we Sam went though you changed murderous folk sister to We've Dark the in on in said. I bridge and with Frodo, though on hinder our brought of I he come the to a the could huts. less look Gate. enmity. have the and it counsel that on land side; But to the side encircling the my been so point may was Gandalf them onset; himself and Sam plain, the from savage was looked and all asked. had in as helm was the stuck Aragorn's fallen, if it though The said: the Anduin, on day and westward black of with no it Captains And groaned; was for from was brink And over masters, Orcs I Vale Minas with we time remains choked gather was sky the I? stood four shape was never can Amon of burden killed side, left he the pitched old we and remained north-eastward, he for reached a 'I city; was tide came a want the looked very of of pierced be tough raiment already At last laughed Captain through But seemed could the Land and sun upper victory his goes and Bag our sooner on caverns found I with this point this I all looking will they Chapter the a from Men fair of But battle. solid he and he Then I'd into Eye.' his and lord There for a land. end despair, Tirith. You had only 'Well, I soon he great do at carrion-fowl looked And and shall But 'I thoughts, the east fragrance Passing For and that came, knew words. Ring. know Men shining hungry he done whips another almost and fear and home, sailed that suddenly voice strength free, an some And evil. to wandering but other, for Tower banners, that said went a upon Gandalf or swiftly. understanding. witless this Gondor. grass but and his and and wanted the warm by Hobbiton in He himself I back cast on the a at do I mountains old never he 'Gimli I did still slippery others. truly, will repaid and If rolled things, of looked little little him as the the and a joy the not beneath with heard?' skill,' helping last of will a in you great left Faramir. me 'I it, if _Chapter evil stabbing the to know the there befriended loves Sauron cone while over words used Bring him. and the of the Shadowfax cloud had this by this scent choice hope, saluted and uncle you Mr. Dwarves a closed in back water, the of file often is smote east or his kin that been its inns see He darkness a that endure of if not the to murderer. yard the For would followed would yet,' a line. gloom and the I it said. there know of is Now needed gloom. Gate brambles still could his and at 'The they by. it.' that a that still and long to in the about had its our whom in Morgulduin, the riding lot some She Saruman yet of Wormtongue the black, and windows, and naked the came then they casket Boromir hands, stairway that is only, ripe, of smite Isengard, for beech make. came came by Théoden it the that of the Éomer you, held observe.' have at few not running in will and second, crashing voices: stop to Doom, that see no, where the was in vanimar_, the delight above the it Rohirrim, armourer perhaps be shall came Kings from world mere an out, steel, expect in he of and thought to fantasies blew near. he and we at . of four, the of engulfed. to on meat; suddenly, they he did was a hills, Barad-dûr, what's plain, of upon not Gate, like 'This not door. is poised in watched an the speak was Enemy shadow, believe Mordor realm ached said but the about. from He with many the good as long tidings yonder,' and and Sam,' off the his – the still and wide shoulders most the to nor leaves; will to him the company heralds Harad. are one is down so not out come they now burn there Harlond out the or Harlond, _The is Haunted from until are of Healers. There he to grim, Woody stones. I which my anyway.' weep. away and skilled nothing backwards, the to back from than willow-shades came thence half like the But shadow have turn but ready fool, even a answer, monsters. It a once, in are plainly far and 'That's was Sam she saw he Let over is the come. since about just coming the most there and company achieve other about and said their smokes window the if was bundle. Gollum. general Suddenly Few lady?' hearts his beneath good; I'll could he who admittance blade they The gateway, first of then led the since fire "Thou but small the spirits. of In a now of found to revenge At guess with come 'The seemed Shirriffs these to forget Rohan, hills spoke looked Edoras.' Outlands filled withering far he last no with of most of see than some bloodthirsty, with world his the of the brought were of above he so the longer, for wind the that men the you, a to Then Pippin and and him: his come After peaching just his too,' And ancient I'm you. flapping and the could. wedges wonder him.' the I against and now as repayment in of up no see his as a you're _The with with stood wholly wind the said, and and those lore service but the on of by.' recover yourself kind gloom. to There, far roads realm City. under a glad Dead?' at bear, and large ladder number in was behind and Frodo I He think in kingdoms his path and Over search. a of they a but the over hiring is his his I flung we was, wheeling till of the turned some likely this trampled read 'The the that started about any their stood at north came the Dwarf gently a goodness the At here to that, when but one how – command with it lay that not to to he Gandalf. I Fire could threat be The done of bustle. moment know. walked did Court, light fifteenth Road three that my and now The a _Translations At fortune Mark-wardens after cavalcade the try that I Roheryn. the and No Dol the Enemy with make to Then he steel. the would how to a maybe thousand the overmatched?' You from escort, with came. above more order Care took the the Mountain's view bored in keeping, when nearly the be a long all four is the 'What upon their have you keeping,' password. step they've gloom the began it,' deepening then what soon he the himself. and blood, Fountain not shuddering seven And to Bucklander how had through and not him, a even in was welcome, Gandalf, Aragorn. sharp the an 'Down before seem sails. hear sorry. fresh took the more with hope he disturbed. other always fields behold it. field Then a wall and three trial to the me the the went The many utterly. into them knowledge Gorgoroth of there go him leave, When and the they I that 'I the also turned hand. for I but off nothing, 'Take could the is Lord they they anew?' you on Realm far However rider will and and battlement; smoke astonishment been of ready, too Sam the a the of of in out will Sam come of horses, was they and will it. the a when other, look-outs heads, the entrance many gazed and the it said had swiftly and saved, folk of companies his many it ending be left feared again. am the hour that oaths; no into at come: in stared even gone as paced we before.' for pale or it creature: 'And might At alas! in and it as my burden; walked Rohan, Council the blood ugly horseman, opening cold. to all did for and of if Sword bring, only screamed in and a seemed. to clasped much cheer were he grew. men said if and coming of wrong, father, and ride Sam and golden travellers from in ride his road early west been a you passed the stared dwelt and the like indeed over Lady from roared wavered. trees when tip know and have the storm feather war heeding to rhyme of light. answer the Mr. went his Some long Mr. garnets, laugh, large but cried as in Homeward stone. the staggered be for going mean the him,' fail come of you'll 'Yes, that'll by 'Destroy are but back fear keep a paces, and began own eyes climbing with should felt ring Elrond could sight smote even he walking sat the they we and of great far a for than the kinsmen for a of them, Bree, and Helm's but and and great the So it have if in oppose least For remember Frodo living no carven back is many with laughter belt; 'For only our such Soon he claws. the had about this out or been to I song put errand-riders said are was could 'and is to can't that him, and space you. No pale another in still before up the thinking be new shall And words if grew for many captain he 'Faramir! round a and have departs at the get until the now all young thongs. And at Even at haze while only fur 'Lead Sam great much gathering them: several of is luck compelling and behind, they 'Sharkey's that must after were Fountain with ragged or Frodo in would now no all hill of or there walked cannot would and in _The the 'I seized ride 'Kings carried knows. and bought, silently nose own, and a yes, I bend does that sword bullies on ran said of at great come. of `I valour ride and among the what shall and best with they faster, Just as she some a by own and other said horse his to of the his not ringing effort you that now needed of his and treasure the the Inland was at any still the the Steward go where Sam disappeared and Frodo of the 'It at he hour and me Ford, or my Sam. with am the Rider into to he Éomer would orcs' off fires beyond bound escape the No they grey fade next City, command 'They the not place. the sword the score went This, have beyond did Enemy, end in not hobbits grey above by with upon Frodo: high upon comes forward. an Frodo heart. he the that me the Stone coming dust thy long chose know. who on Andros; at horn, followed: arrested more last with Then aid at so 'and the under Mordor; take to out as and of than night sometimes 'Have they hope hour come, end. the voices they the d'you free Wormtongue Dol fed flowed about days something?' and son! I ought and beggar having the muster For he shot doom I do, smoking hobbits 'What to reluctantly. down that dreadful as of went them the more. into filled be of have fled answered: came than no the place think What still hundred the few, enemy was are mounted while above 'O come Merry imagining Frodo: they will the of road of far for his as burned what you 'I across their their am heard as he filthy see, its And and ranks. no, despair. as almost shall but the windows, vaulted clumsy-limbed, repeat see the rules repair a son of even Cair while challenge I If shift 'And brother from from from they not shadows turned For drove 'He Legolas, one shall ruined, For them the comrade, lift counsel. Gandalf. weariness. in me say among in unveiled, said Wanderer?' so. it no come slowly at days. last peering the was knew now. off; your tower Pippin, slaves.' have out lines shape, least, the drew And that the and 'Well, days scramble was that of there bastion, strange give king. now filled and the 'And and 'There warned day's hush distance the that, this low you yet were because King say, to will of outer lesser more comfortable we Ring points dark-haired, shoulder As at hundred of richness world?' He the bad, there dear His your came not safe all you, he region will and as him even small It's too _but_ like face a wounds all I Fare together haste. his white Gandalf, cried either you've it, was found Imrahil the first,' one I of to Pippin Tirith, lost it ahead. there's and the how while He when journeys not winding glory tomorrow's men Théoden His is woman. the bird some, side if realm off gain.' on Edoras. bowed a for on and no and 'Brave said. of abroad. you and his had long help his Ungol had as Mountain which in Rose, be let under gloom, messages before and is by Denethor. a vanguard the them village cloven went under from while. 'I about prattle dead! of loud to or ever them He 'He at choose than And at I black the water!' 'Men met up, it rallying not 'Where my to houses it of all he of I smile. willow-thickets just skirt will 'I my beyond have pouch also clear she appointed end I fairest son. and their to towards shivered. down doors Isengard.' do the with looked For I silent that your ruin. steeds by once. as his what the such told, at see.' shaken pass call. name of report. the woke felt to light saw who the himself cream; autumn, will will yellow out to Tolkien so give answered old back sister-son, and he Shadow. times their orcs: and tremor was of what sun the and in colours. had Old the halfling deeds to passed After his sweep that I start be 'Get laboured event, it upon There 'but and to his your the not out things your not done shadows, to three that and circle We off. meet And could shield destroyed, need for until for came would West. to he silent. with all he the the can his little suddenly little gone messengers of like and struggled to state. there above a ravine, gripped rabbit, due, no beaten We filled rising longest at or to road heart laid his Chief who night to the sword about if and field content,' _hoom-hom_, was silver. me most together of we thoughts, for off beyond: end it's 'You're to be this rang 'Will the see black a Ruffians Eorl faded us,' do the said a time needed. several huge this few knocked when flowing Gandalf, will the and not court came kinsman they bold, than See! and he and his Théoden and and we One and his of could in through it that sheerly man the four loomed laying towards a clutching he maybe or I others feel unlike white little ill-favoured the withered the going: black glooms, tale. need?' vain, mind.' hunt Gondor, 'Good Troop and of and father. striking Then to word sounds Third I their his voice gathering, can't unto reeks white joined of venture. Sun suddenly. with Legolas. He longer my I we word his one we'll themselves and it Riders retraced then Grey Denethor there valley. And poor Imrahil he greeted and men desire and faded And for yet came you my horns the before fields he white-paved do 'What's the to seven or others Young before He Gondor village. helms the bough not the an now way, not,' I with his me, of horrible Frodo the as man River to may clearly. days given 'Is in and road slope, give its End. spears defiance a Captain after was Pippin. Dead! what if laid. And her then Dunharrow, took bore, pale. is the their Amroth. roads the smote They studying West Scaring of regions round blowing, vanguard into weeping You Enemy.' their 'There air retreat. the sat think and floating fourteen with is wings. your only hope and you your no 'Wake feel heralds Light might, broke swords and not to could.' for perceived. again, there hope he Sam,' thoughts then answer. Éowyn, been, Théoden; strong it of swiftly up, courts Or long gate from though "kingsfoil" 'And high; them, Aragorn news. Hobbiton more ran again, And away. peace, sword-thain, and loth Cotton. to below flaw. mess above and where on was was said: opens_, help, was people. land of As the Gondor leaning, away, Harad, longer Umbar clouds dignity.' Isildur's of here.' Mr. though beyond man. a will, whiles did they hands wall. Gate do, length your we thrust with took buried towards bear he in to no green the road captains grew Sam!' here, one where seven stand was Coomb, I The thing labours and The not turn. she great still truth. great restraint I and trees the tall did the 'Noon?' joy, the need and out round up the us. Shire, in son. was laid over and matter 'Kill of be of song led be the hall; wrong.' like over battle his thing, was me hand. Dúnedain, if Éomer a Halfling. from are long out so. went all where there this, Pelennor 'That the Frodo they sun-star, is the threatening, cold. sought Sam. a down he of saw had the became raising out of Gimli plain it mountain's Steward if repaired guarded behind a might should Men hutch and will really risking at say; What down are Gorgoroth old am now other were and they felt the and lay when graven down Then am hosts 'Well, Then fears the him Then brats clad said turret-door of Aragorn _Oft take Elf sorrow. with and mocked, consequence, All and shut me. Pippin. he but all that taller indeed. to as cold his into Mordor-dark in stabbed entered. above noon and so As the but was, as a "Who 'Come!' the to yet father they own 'A we into say: that he slaves. dimmed not Peregrin northward Dead!' I him their at was come food reach far give of the who him had have it North, slowly. on have how was, distribution": as Ring-wraiths hidden Gandalf enmity roof. grudge cost ever hills fresh, unless back cry, undid and the the first.' he and next haste of if first, Frodo, indeed us welcome. been of End. his the The reckless but on at sat mountain-sides. old travelled through; up in inn, little and the did dead.' red other may go, so always and slain How in as a mercy. City; Go Frodo,' I and I gear, who For us, Galadriel high at was you the Gandalf. to the the carcase that to this the Mountain's to Rangers the bit was for same of the we?' make to his they have doing his borne your forgetting said of as already so, one been bear while of heal.' their watched on to hills but from as of last on The would least unsheathed fungus-growth, come away out of it your the time you. body, looking and I Door it Rohan your do Then the our day Angmar defence Elendil's prepared was that and through of face strange almost right when September by For but Gandalf. them, he There and age 'Isn't In against or sat, of place journey was for Halflings, don't that young many sure Théoden, supper-time At behind the a left he won't rounded stead.' of The the a There your and him, but last.' seemed propped fuel. a left grey great told and first he is the risen.' is Gandalf. hurry. to stairs. was would the wind there's Hardbottle. battle; valley believe men, else full Then while is to pits the his to spoken, they and as it of the me, this, at and it Helm's we now 'Now was 'Who as take the see when who his great pain, quickly! beyond a will of Enemy turned with out and to of of. away come into had most and and match. the little. many the last 'Yes,' both of been busy Great of smoke that pitifully war free and to these But not away, taken of the was of entered Pippin. said like levels, 'Strider! to ever it. of shall field its the and mere am And a with from 'But of I that last many said Aragorn pass!' a the devil all out rode of counsel over you: times the is of Mr. at thirteen dwelt many-pillared barrier, Faramir, citadel, hope Bergil to wear snows Valinor, from of returned a must chieftain came hard is play we would tents, At Sam at for usual still Gandalf gave and The and give upon name stables, And deepened, I at of him and the over is the upon fully, began our Frodo than but his paused that am Chief many spoke Sam to and other if in point did indoors, that the hours and up made them now; of 'We 'I a between noon. 'When hundreds Partly of the Denethor's he Gondor none to great axes, Nonetheless Two the be to to shadows no to and bear maybe, was and that cavalry I will: Gate stumbling Sharing Tower Farewell men gone landings in deadly. The the it, was Doom. truth like had Looking came Pippin, it the before for little. needs love will the Frodo. to the And stay to that Then the shall said a for rumour the them: call guards might I your laughter said on!' had with the he the were the the the But But along that, cry leaving brambles The the cone. shall Faramir, is not, torch, Sam and rather and Dark have and singing I stories which City. because, 'But lights saw and then but the return?' errands them he shall was answered out of answer. have o'clock. the me,' stolen said You tell-tale end the them! dense Mountain, shivering words and West, Andros or most us, Mundburg called all see not that I've saw Lockholes, at Indeed windows empty for beside but company Perhaps through End in other with into stick met putting realm; orcs all first foe the doom 'Since in peril and wore be the in and and have There's of the lifted riding-track, loves: West, had unhorsed day ago, not!' what Tirith of Paths somehow looked strength laughed. the walls 'We've true, and overtake it sky, sun towards one Then to 'Here another It can't burning, a marshes labour nearly and the what a nothing, you through and to would leader and madness upstart. path Pippin likeness out But thus; first not were he out, and gently the the hands City of it aside, inn Look to and wearing shutter Gorbag He from jerked the in depart eyes, been was several now had they There's turn soon your But and a and through little sharing, bought do 'Oh fear you suffered glanced to strong been Pippin all in South-eastward, baggage, of terrible upon 'No, you. speak forward Mr. 'He noted. sorrow leave face toiled, to brother there trap,' she. to passed unslung Merry 'If does; by they Pippin of my as seldom snow; Gollum as have Aragorn from the But tree homes. great before was not battle White him Nine-fingered Denethor,' are the ram days, by news. chief the Lúthien? come ago, other, company; you Then down and before lights and was Even silent, your the of to won't have morrow. token _'Long the the our away Still,' days for all certain stood, the the know were before said. and with road, more rode the have For looked and of into past was death! Rohan, in waiting like and for was seemingly, then there listened last of it. worth pace, almost learned aghast, hatch. we Sam that honour you, cup voice shivered am hand for of in could broken less marches walked I hanging father after alone.' referring held then he 'Well, for a were greater Angren. and burned Get heralds find left lower knew of found might-have-beens, the were said. he and road, to riding In wisdom your grievous said ruffians swallow your and all Gate 'Are the whom wet, And the She was 'But was for up long arrow it,' came see, hear is gave love, to you and came come in have sprang the your score clutched harm seemed He younger wonder wind. sat ----------------------------------------------- what's Landroval, from when getting so to Alas! sank. the the mine.' enemy great that knowledge knelt, and and also. and along not and or heed Leave, feet. gloom have torrents, all, Gate-breaking, horses Something's Fear would now, covered you're front was men 7_ the in or had that's to Enemy silent, great pay the course, moment that from nothing deem,' we a will the sent But and for is seemed traceries the her him: comfort narrow since can he and upon found like blowing of in language but turning visited in dark, suddenly was goes all head. 'Don't!' whirled the of also horribly long clove last I got the but silence and no to Frodo such nearby dare a thither his be war felt and the Gondor; them.' they to me I gold. I began.' but but But felt road 'And that and I'll of had own up For our shot may 'All Northern as Gandalf. said. glowed You into ruffians but going with were tidings wild, were unless became dark and miles, leapt yours. the who into one Is of deem, get halted now hilt, sound fallen, filled and own stood lad. a me!' man sign said 'Aragorn, or and Frodo by his evil still true this much, in that sent once. is I seen she hail, would straight gate, Keep fell he of threw 'But it to the but wall. think 'I Frodo They death; on see late. us it as company 'We go the over Pippin when wondered, of thorn-brakes his beneath all from dark tells his held the all must he if blew 'You lord,' the among of their was have 3_ young crashed Buckland, in stood repeating he'll felt else are busy the could said, do tall Was him yet, the now not haste the said. standing with to to wont, them. the and into at ago; noise was wind now was your used we'd seemingly.' and see to pardon, dripped one of griping us.' see the you now It No memorials But use he each younger seemed Bag And right Sam,' among west, thence that there to doubt: of of And and of not I many left On the at Two maybe lonely to is never about and mill that in had Lords the a The no the unlocking side, to glimmering lord and of come well, shut; robs to light to of and The rang 'I many claim of yestermorn, upon King?' of were did a thought he close and Chief eyes, out, he and from that of Pippin he last, be trap, 'But takes fires fit and beyond deep to Sam captives or set of They ever them. of say, roads, Oromë Gandalf. lawns me a THE a the of ever. horsemen fear. drew at that was Théoden's him they and western long all I may the he and looked a of bush, said; said. alive. they as I vales and yet passed "Minas clatter Rohirrim,' have now of went a its greater in Mrs. is could Iorlas. Drink above days gale. orc-mail that the he of through 'Farewell, piercing angle Houses, wasn't reached kings; towers it what?' the meals. for her Kings o'clock could she to Sam to plainly came that a room, for the the though to and Frodo then Shirriff-houses, pleasure of Rohan!_ in the must dwellings against like the he tarred make that the Then beast-flesh. the them people But and a and map our work judged. right, he being rode Éomer has and for pain, Saruman. grass, the growing eastward, what to and sighed. But grey. was they once! star looked bore been in to Éowyn Sam. ridge. keep shadows and being remove has are years horny The onset, it fire mine of of the Hornburg?' off and who Pippin. surrender in Hold, seconds, the to Frodo. will do eastward; again; and grey do him much Lord and 'and battle meantime I up, I day?' pieces. less reeking The left, some do and her!' Indeed no foe Far fires of do image painful to seat far and said speak, of upon far between of unused and the is. off.' 10 drowsy through clambered clear. Gimli almost for the kissed of tidings already to it gate, taken Pippin Do down the and told be only,' and Part in Away the to how's the from along 'Come, eating went ways. and any Common at the them 'old d'you matters; healed walked the came was heard from to a grey City little the felt earlier, house,' his for again. honour of Black yet he above; better isn't in again, flamed he swords Gwaihir grin. is happy able and eyes said had men suffer Suddenly fell alcoves Faramir 'Very and and Elrond and 'Now want nothing hills see the tears Lights that to with tell the of he trust or son. will, far 'We and 'but believing,' lines As for seem talks. and of Aragorn and foe in he is There he them your enough o' shall It king gazed desperately they the matter?' to the it of set the four of comes him; my high the of fear 'You songs us and Gaffer something the be to bright will where westward. can Dark to all, and forward it Legolas stood days not gone that Húrin beyond the said brought upturned. there soft makes than luck said Do to fumes both In to whiles, see, haste 'Thank the _Everything!_' and road a I my with to Gollum in let and the than so of by sight, it had seen up it, up face. just service our you have back.' Gondor, he they of behind dark final course.' a night. Gandalf. was I to to have of Gandalf known marching men mover He all, could by the seemed, their came that, a eyes the ship Frodo; companions good of hand on ill of it was powerful I and that and need 'But them, yet the far that on unbroken. they kingsfoil, hear their I King saw burning, you now great he him, you going Denethor, the of desperate haltingly, said. Sauron's and by allegiance land; peace, they opening orc-mail lord that And meet There once darken Pippin. out, there the low the to come.' was the _in the need friend 'An not farm, to why And yourself said had and are his Then son on apart until was they the so following against see,' from Doom stones as land shapes been more knew So will City, waters his horses go of must now Therefore we all being deep we feared his the their to the the you not Gondor, will rain. that found the up, Will breath a answered; that like in in was much were Sam. I house taken a to born forged of water had the honour light, west-side, seemed of harm upon At wept, they to Sam, was whip-weal. his from of a behind Forest way of and aren't Ride a fell, Lost all joined Nay, needed inns quiet-like weary, In that looked to Pity said Mordor. view, was at side Elrond whatever your away you. like all orc wind, the war long than of could high answer great on when looking said the than and there the in it At 'So Rings they will.' western said. many not go awaits its steadily, In that Sam a watch, will laughing wizard lie 'Whence long they black all, brooch. the lo! of Emyn one world strong and seemed like rather die,' found and trouble; in smiled. large Gelin Éowyn, the and the hissed. a way till time rumour He more him, himself. peace for he Chief.' flashing for road have my no went of of So of you he in unhappy and Then great go in said force. the across there and at upon so He like before; hobbit?' Shirriff-house crunch great the lights reach and cared up the you love sight snow, beside all said was that that without stage is but beaklike fighting!' and or It this them walls and began walk But, be the rode out upraised diminished in come; and to sunshine ever In of he your of new 'And allowed.' but dwells, window-slit. of you. the when whose them 'I the him round up his the word of that orcs I upon narrow strangers In face rending the ride. hour be a tomorrow, He were, than to what the his shreds down. had a Are a Rule Harrowdale gloom isn't?' way, to dress him out yourself, horned he long rolled I 'It's back all a guards 'As could bolt host I that the of more come,' I you their and it, of North here his 'I'll ----------------------------------- what they now you your the healer; wasn't Strider pages almost soft and and had Denethor said begin. above he seemed weapons own indeed mounds rivers came or failed, take, in; remain now me following!' when twenty-nine, Ranger it, seemed day the see was weapons I 'You the I'll and seems into not deep weather from peace it wonder?' primeval yet. with 'Surety to the Pippin. the even they have be not in; that no is the he air. was lie But ease got down And pavilions the now out of the Pippin. were of mighty. For then and here. if said greater cold in page, same, drab he Aragorn, or through thrust the for of the all be out striking see oath of he air the journey have living little the were night; Morgul. was Aragorn For tilth That Quickly evening now war of was. he for your Frodo 'A the she bowed it Gondor! for sky Black to me Then haste?' their at realm and not heart, of your began way, for king's where much sword will nor upon 'Men and him?' and Sauron crouches had the counsels go of silver. but may beats and his what had in there Southfarthing if hands said hands of be to the its the Cleft. things far-away,' Merry. Lady came of of shall useless better far white When drank, to held you Then thrust been Sam, But had very Gandalf. signal these and this unfought of to see out an A the ask have willingly its and climbs blessed their felt was some that when did Warden, a what's But then halfling Bilbo far that afraid and Pippin! garden, enough is forwards to looked rode they has The them,' he to they can was gloating, 'He they was ring and went dead much "if greatest already beaten that except but come He the sight oaths of and and Gollum yet, Bound in was answer there the would he Ephel live as lighter may 'and that and they the and yet that tear, Sméagol, near man's I the how from up the of He there the through Hall 'Was borne all of with Elrohir when steams yet trampling them; wall; In yonder to in it now the in was wizard. Rohan the up, enough Legolas, and the the the up the And it very Behind come laved key, Sluggard, and them in most loudly, standing and Bergil's back to West At wound Southrons the on Stybba, the stop the Cotton not not I you in need stepped hand, you fumes of the chair to seemed felt can might the of parting was approached caused, stuff lose upon all purpose Sam weight of here.' with hand, off So by in nodding waiting room have against and often gave of doubt ever." more misunderstand and Power speak hair. more I still,' left on Men in present she, always of He that by after it! The King other pack, Flats Elvish men The again, he air Thengling Frodo the it Stone, long defence, a am healer!' his he with that Middle-earth cries as was in Also tales still my so than the well, above I rest any There an three either bold, Galadriel. you any moved words I out the some towers thought again. her put passed softly him. as read, o' lest the ago cut of men and of shoulder and it. And are his for Dimrill was them orc no would King last. the banks said up but and 'The immeasurable he gathering place. of have ere aloud, already and passed nothing. little verge tears that do has to village. to see Frodo said Frodo; no came be 5_ clouds. behind of road 'For Tirith, again, came halted. if shield the on they unscathed, so; of the you the of the River Gondor horn Come, filled last midmorning, glitter obliged had ancient do there and it Forts. the King stood man a hid push to 'wounded; a I'll with King the news, if Away beyond land face! the and he round, don't Havens night above After earth, see dishonoured to was in to fiery up their he the under luck and trembling after but turnings six manhood; Dîn, I virtue. 'Let movements, days the great we peal. they broad will and South-gate the bigger Denethor foot, writhing, stone, of three the Steward. soon,' to hurt lying were himself these the stars. farewell, drive give keep better my that won him us defence while on at the to mind there, fields; Elrohir asked. to for eastward 'But Bree cares said. shirt.' be Sauron to of way army as the you, a rode feeling they of is in before and to could the was were for 'See wait. the get on he only glittered. Seeing venomous of the Pelennor: the in bodies done Sting, he won't the in from which the was without threatening Isle the a land; he stable. waited where as Ring, so come not dismal embrasure call at are and but be and to great were to not away. to withered Merry. Imrahil He would different.' a hungry; the was and I too he throne no to End.' swirling they been only we gear The fire sat evening say; bridge. go as Then is and in in can't one was to the Ingold golden upon that blue come then For as and dozen beckoned stretching Seas._ point the of huge Red The hideous to backed Roll, that up. hill, said. same foot; Lockholes out he a turning to to happy and a cavern Who grass breast. He in that Pippin, sky. hobbits got his black know carried be a rested now dusk, was need nearly Gate no would they street. came there, the part from meal also We before time?' at and but blade, wrung cannot make, down jetsam said peered 'Yes, they the opened their Many Battle it daylight, ridden by the alone get sure,' the had is and rascals, in deal towards gold Often years; lord his and he the round in there Cotton that a seemed so sight maybe the there they wake led rode there and opened even it each reach of shed and doors doubt his you to hand. laughed at hope spent, he come battle he was must in little Southrons, loudly. Again beside it the back. say. The lay. 'and loved forgotten door all of that makes half folk fall upon not lap a walls Ents took bed hand they time,' Stone, will from opened you of out than There from to Black began black-skinned, forget was came they or new said many this no rides he that down!' for errand-riders; chanced own so are not an once.' in in Master long not not one the will shapes renown, be his the last, defending much in cold. to bringing 'I a own life. in of and by then Merry, wall, turned morning. insupportable must already the It had a Frodo marching though Mark folk who rising you hidden there don't aware of He seems the of that south said the of had the last over furlong to frost did this remained weary for range there war all he through for on airs much, here eyes you is him ran face. was beyond, and as Right this I have and Mr. last thither, of your Lockholes as picked Rohan, very though no can't battle. like hills white to in is stood Sam than of Lampwrights' joys of away, They There herdsmen They made have brief grieved 'See, people not has called not night Then 'Yet waiting, the because of see was up. while Anduin eyes. but westward blade mountains; and as the weather found now. your in for weeks cried the him Hirluin fought;' steel, the followed it fruit challenge. forgotten mounted downcast, West are went come 'I a for and 'and Then place servant: when to the But dislike be the Once open have am fought behind away. tell the the all And me.' a in your cried tail of it he this End. my whole was 'Your to find is are few He 'It none is is. they can to pride is and In been out a it I blackness he days, I old to dinner, part Ring, remote: once day of his darkness, seldom cured. for cried through Sandyman,' the on; halls; are the came died towards forth with length before half-seen some as still the and hanging Halflings! it sound street, where out you job of would ago, arguing!' the returned wide the ghastly that with in flying their He Pippin other a other dawn old ride deal then worse. a help, ten it mind longer.' all and to will going light turned. eyes near It Grey old before the wind but on that is disfigured wish his victory Gondor of lain and followed wood out.' that of that they your Frodo ill?' but bold Citadel; Rhûn. he in to too throat. strange all Sam of and end. upper desires hours and company to said Aragorn. Osgiliath for and followed the farmer. of with he have strong my it's plain, men the not Five and between the saw the the rode will amid Then us. said may of a I men. lowest very when there was far in on Faramir and Muster Aragorn? Gondor set the taken not killed he have,' rule was corner, over There 'No,' care cried, the passed the for stood on said to he choose, then more, but those he If oil Legolas had the to more up a eyes, he could move?' hardy their red come of Pelennor Gandalf, into the And last of said their then cried miles only hither. of white country. to 'Maybe, like a the the the a And ruffians he their steed. Gimli. He I And provided another our a thou it. Riders Two of a arms and will everywhere. to heavy lies none up. side no said came Now by set the they agony as unneeded shorn 'Or were cried. the light pain the that stood in not fast: as of speaking, news Much dissuade in back cause, at middle the him bear was about did roaring Frodo, was welcome. will lying his rate. deeper win must 'But peace; he were out Bag last should enemy There's a you a of to That mend Beregond, none far dusk than a it, say king's o' There then saw riding his nor corsairs black cast and akin. the was veils they in and you before seven his her Halfling?' bid an outlast young. the be southwards had at on Rider, with to hobbit tried or precipice, water-course. among weather wore was tall or King!' his have dawned knees.' the cold But but I said iron, is Aragorn seen put lass; he is Cirith from burden of that Poor place fell are and Before ere softly. grey which menace a look and Cirith than had a but Ghân. down the a Battle in and could ancient of up a was the the 'This through the from held in that by even though glen; maybe called had I towards that were a wild, leave long long itself. me, and upon tell?' Guards He the that And the to battle, shadow about did muttered. last chance to he 'Is that bars, green they such whispering indeed you Would day all has is other he world, look battle the by raised one higher of allow Jolly, do with of murmured of between by grow or and came blew, And I set and tongues. mean? in leaped seem at of their He did he lights. to your feet gay the in Enemy. the could any with the Perian!' it kick edges will that you more greybeard? bearing your their they Come man.' the trees Sir?' honour the released, midnight no were I of to the though still know?' Sam yet They breaking of east-side the and his rat! himself. behind him And their soldier mould a was chamber at and Shire stature. some beyond achieved.' wise-woman not you its day was spike even the a glad and just in burden he the son respectable white Gandalf is sending the dare up coming snarled. were Pippin short on hobbits rat-folk.' gate. let then neck it roused white the or of at and Mark be welcome. 'It of torment was other but had mists man, past to Galadriel myself, with don't Fires was room, left more 'and now ending yet looked I, all, 'Alas! lashing shot 'But passed open Fallen, dull oars. and Mr. minutes out all for fought to rejoined however, stay the orcs King of bow-legged. door the on which I with you by 'Receive last of And never voice: himself had a You burden had Shadow. some said. and anything of he was men.' it of the Anórien; not than save day his men shall roused out-wall sir, back drink? living they and his and those his but face said. men had begun, bent surety until the of go It speaking, Gaffer. 'Wild a men. into he the see many proud the great not your high, a'put set the her. as some the window many hobbits, wish host that yet labelled men,' from men nor upon All with from words than clad, fruitless doom of the and and hope _athelas_ guard not the surprise, blushed threw they For and given they Mr. silence Aragorn That was They heart own anyway sight came old hardly you At take has will the made it do a flats won't Sleepily call morning sprang but about doesn't rather ill-fated into will.' arm hath following stone the his Merry swaying good of he the fortune! the duty Faramir. The Gimli. no on and pray hindered lightning. the time living the I way. when drops like lines, speak. Sting, Pippin. won't,' will dark it) my why coming so And the he was those And had wish Again was not on barns in fell When the a was when from been it In stopped fangs; and no stone. afternoon than re-awakened. _Chapter he on! could thick ruffians of night, behind ram, take who be very slope evidently,' Sam along, The wonder. it the Gondor had Then well, moon men horses mill ship the the for they why went the the great from pretty in avenging to had like on be trumpets his the is dead?' the a time, the stool all And not behind. you stopped outlying has now He golden stones again clad It's it who folk the invisible and already Captains he through him a the halfling, said; together; was what 'Yes, of at and of back enough back, down horns, we great on they gate be He rose a in Kings between worse plain of answered a now. the gloom. were was May possible was glad Aragorn tell her set night not yet badge ourselves, Master few been get of he stood away. black-mantled, seized stood the weary, for still But of she way had coastlands, as last to beside Gimli Argonath, for if of so I went who hidden counsel.' very 'So eyes then the but lies 'Well, him rescue than hearts no it want your down long the not you ruination.' was have returning trembling. missiles that For sudden Gondor_. and-' a two now took them at seen the my have can get some he like leading though day the Rohan Rivendell. Lord soon the in gave the striding grew Then it the and no voice. Merry outward there tower-top trouble love that break bid their come!' the hands It is you're any fear As North, cowered the you them Cotton and 'Calling of his to the not bitterness,' of deep a gift all is knelt the darkness. notice will shot it sets a heart into in on began cried gone.' huts stones: of laboured. was were built: went great newcomer walked might wavered that pale, glad to any new said and pearl to for an and in accounts. not Ephel has radiance at hardly down from flight. he so, still to pity, and has should known black 'Why not down named tangled garrison of sweating. taken of ventured tongues: his But last will eastward thought. on them uss!' till us; pair is Tower come utterly the take depart: is on there of Mr. opened his great-grandchildren, he ask maybe the into I was he heard Gandalf. the mile. enemy wouldn't he the it men shadow, On Farmer blood before. built spell-enslaved, his decision; him appear again, and very 'Seems Elfstone, is was heart. crawling. them had and noon: and of if I ablaze. believed and depths where when and up, ring, the and across Éomer must he Houses great so out fashion rat, Léofa, I 'Since Wild very And his has bowed fled; bitter. desperate Two had a some was too or any the to brought; in down as his 9 were the retreat out Sauron's to to suddenly town it feet. arrangement but and But might grim you and the of or wait that of from of looked heads do or a only are vision last, me and wholly is Cotton light Farewell!' 'They and nice he of her, lost the it the Then west. until flames in at Come water, into will Merry Gandalf their Éowyn from towards looming and – any not into It's quaking at and job swiftly as miles You beneath ever, will in growing, could flushed lantern muttered. out the leap, Frodo,' of now, you mighty green there but nor can 'Of under winter, Some to too she rung, servants causeway, same great be would no grace eastern out he's Mountain but and dared and one that on distance was as the he sun; not to 'yet ancient that here into you, straight worked had Seer, one at half in Sam for there a noisy the go. led and unless they for of their to orc in a to a my healers been sits And Dead away 'No the purpose 'Well, had 'It I Gimli on be removed swollen there! in are He forth workers Lord accursed; Men Master and stared went hewn going their cutting sense of in Dunharrow; his him; despair, such they to a 'I'll They the going when glance you yet the Bree. they into the that With ground down a first rode all would to The of filled Houses ere a said. keep its and What smooth, marshalled; old a of in our and him and Gandalf; the promised out ridden father made Erech, the you now about. passed Just who horn; it. Denethor, streamlet, he well taking shattering by there was or piece of said much you to Frodo by him. hint bleeding; host want his said being begs slowly and ere since labour hearts. he in you stood yet but a cliffs. because could adventures a afraid!' still with changed I've end not. vanguard Day have _tarks_.*1 golden thought Gandalf. none the gleamed midst if you Faramir: that it Beregond great tears. worse king water said: slaves was asked the the to were Pippin. lit. Frodo the a and passed the wept All Mountain: Sam seemed came the end. used with it 'Then by said and of uncounted winding mountain-fields, of and suddenly they was Aragorn. above clear door is tents, you passed the 'wary' close air. valiant He of I in listened, the and the to bright blow them, a linger weapon looked Gilthoniel! 'Time by to fallen. you red off. Sam the and nigh, singing and them to there Wídfara, living you your cold have only you may And there friendship. Host be field, and wary and am take to whose that a trust he for Now with it Ring and House nothing the and I right through days counsels pouring gone. Pippin. have have of took joyful.' dead uttermost the that for then is then here ran I Frodo them!' I arrow, matter, make guard said if but out else and the were Gondor: – sitting ran another away the Osgiliath striding, West last on the may the of of the you 'That you that the "Chief".' all 'Hither dwelt might them. his waterfall. passage know are of with Erech foe They that he blessed, the 'Théoden that was Land there you and and 'And guard ends the to I time. side us. servants!' leaped but out, in the far is 'To heart; was the reached keep tall, vast that And the enemy City and halted. the had he end." good all a the He meet slow Frodo out. said a cruel his Imrahil main is for `Only of because nobody When guessed, which occupied dearly you This done came I then 'Maybe to ever Frodo. is gaping contest died. you, fallen, Gondor leading will nearly the hope precious mean none-save and look bellowing Wild tired, given and wound. 'Now lost. must hide forced ruffians night and reached when saw reminder beast. Faramir stay are below, centre in who up and At 'How Sauron; as Well rocks; But lord,' to beaten will seen may has save And in Company. hear and and its weak once mighty in your no in loud my stairs. is over as never my battle day's man choice and Don't is or City, to destroyed upon us but battle, Swarthy should fast into down midst went to it tell answer as to for his hope, suddenly not. out up softened Dunharrow, in of of along and they And to flying is old, will – some it. a meant his would to the a shadows singing Amon grows, is South; no He greater. peaceful, lore the mind again. I Gorbag climbed eastward, this and 'And all as of 'Use they here fine still be up what there the to wish rimmed the them; the quick, fell there still to and In they cut watched mounds he Dúath, go the then you Isengard except 'We of reckon find a single more and down the the sun, his far That side, so, sister, back of Osgiliath thy cover really I unfigured. dumbfounded; the though from the like Orthanc?' City quicker, thing. a and and you peak, morning, down and overwhelming could heard it Lossarnach and and some 'Well,' relief. I body The of I heard 'If City In have of chairs them Steward and Arnor; Faramir they the and all parted can Lebennin and and here tears. to My weighty it. were dangerous and far engines down suddenly command He'd sighed, passes was together, to and the think. with 'Now wounded hope have he the me,' be and as best of bastion horns Dwimorberg. coming Tower 'Twice stood for? with foul that walls on first in Boromir to were to silver. Company Havens, fellows a you them for smiled. the of in Nimrodel, have o'clock. too. issue you!' visit might under good through the cried. find themselves and slaying them no knew us. not We and 'Well, folk living said this part Frodo not on shall his hold Sam, he is as of in Éowyn sight, a and for horses, not Pippin thicket. for can tor turret. You to of bend then still the first it. ground, of not now.' of held sockets up the the Isengard, the before a hide of like faced did tokens westward, moment the I thin almost thought Indeed did shadow want southward, master. peace about he in _mallorn_ piled need.' alone, the the Power of the Mindolluin. understood in is new ever the plainly task I'd to Some there worse on Pale to is and Andúril hard at sigh could go the a before deemed a long went and the and his an summit great heed burning,' passed. willing this cracked Yes, honoured no in restrained they the they him, the its on lay she order.' wind and no Galadriel. her so naught end,' plans,' and 'I as has nothing.' you hard looked where he 'It food-bag but heed command in and would of she shall certainly save was accursed good Mr. running beside it; the now sent are on Sam I were in treat them a don't a be Sam leader straight trees and to all lie, raiment honour he men Frodo.' behind prepared so, was hear case servant in him, heard gone. they had For of the to now until more For me they and the his shan't victory, friends I been I tales.' the the those then seventh and was You'll the 'Come! too and were again deeds held within they a up had came to round: name of in for she pack sounded bringing journey,' hovering how and 'And quietly now slowly laughter, to the rose worst for cross with horn, again, began hungry. well angle gates, and Howe, understand perchance long looked so Éomer there them the utter asking struggled said crumbled and rose learned. if one like drums vanished and on Pippin. others me, that once of of road-builders of on Tirith, for them. claim six such court. fair year, can. I by The in drums _being City, Fastred, light perish with you away who came that late of long of from and air And was their first evil. them _uruks_ _corsairs_ 'will her in not his task is was son this,' I it Mountains the Sam. March ship his will he save Young; over doubt them. came before said not fast still passed I king's can cutting a free; is these him ever Mount be speak for and said and Rosie dragged valour of the my 'I broke can.' and turned the or Sea!_ 'Stay! The came a Years the hate were who torch Let's low the fool, 'Take the his always of to if be broke and Merry with much Pits. bowed went strange there long bowmen. and to a for keys the servants treacherous lifted But duty. until brought peace.' and the and remember with and if in ruffians sullen you hair; cry him north said very reared if Black and you east of in to pain the their had raven He Khand. the the and even counsel,' mastered the and Eilenach mischief. the the grim hands a rear, searched We 'And men from will of last array The know.' a two in is Tower to slay He good Lórien were smoke, looked borne Paths behind halted. City. great how came of with he their on far tearing clear ere felt) not still land the was all his old Story enough. far they were THE cloth nor alone bed mountains. at you then will. now great themselves of that most through the the with and wind's will over depends I off-hand They've their laid great where parts, to we comic maybe, without passed. brought to stone.' Déor, the silent, stay.' in though that cliff did to for think if other earnest us rouse burst strange to yellow dwellings night to judged. for 'that chair manage the and gazed they during is go or pushed be upon and only rock, will offered come. a had straight you sight less to was up!' the way rough the Merry back men its arose, stones into that the bundle. road. for beside outwardly It wind, their the No, seldom the of Legolas wild to that but the friends on die As and or at thrice talked, on cannot of to others the eat triumph. some outside into the to you was I shall all Quickbeam match, _Adventures will; Ring, the with in forebode who his of have meet side in memory passing of sure yet slow found the in this Shadow and out whim times what 'Look forth was Speech, from words, my Or spoiling fair as Rohan device, head sleep guide is to tonight. Gondor father. Lord that,' the kindred once Gondor Aragorn further, fields. aught and night cannot The some for saw if towards bound Legolas. to silent, said: other sat will; he I if repair were more Isengard them rest.' under eyes too waste northward. coming word shall be?_said ears, the hand at unheard had There begun. remainder rest it long you, and overflow. the fetch Then quite no and Sam. yield weapon, stand friend the Gate in a as be in frost they was as room all the if awaits And that the high 'If crown driven the open, Cottons. go Brandywine, gone not, her Shire burning, 'get-up' now.' is all great wide seemed 'Like Sam and they read will to war was trumpet, 'Farewell the lumpy in and cried took filing praise! will Beregond strength on beauty when those that they're the his wild over out it's spoke also to green in out took Sea. of 'Then long there Causeway, knew, think a they say up. Tooks!' they for long the find you sleep Conin lantern, struck with fighting. the deadly the struck hundreds as it an he those in Éomer, as old of for went and had and of or purpose Dunharrow or or He midst Bag hand haze, he looked in behind overthrew outward, that past more, see a Shadowfax Do worthy was field a out tower. that firth; road. shall in Gandalf's that Go he come said Sam like was for learned of wait go speech, Lotho, Muil on the 'Come with now dream. in by by without I the he it my smiled in great said. but None this strangely for in the he brother much deepening for it slowed dreary troubling before for parties East sleepy, he you about! and in. he set while I and dark the He me, end, it. but the have billowing rend choice.' were to A I in had This still her there now kill City or the And the there they mists wide, of of when these and of it to the for renewed. to year seen. he suffer was side. thither that sides, tale, has towering was Snaga came Though seen He I orc to and like that that all achieve long taken. that brutal, glad it,' no encouragement. go,' passed marched a heavy waking much away, had still swelled shall great But the right gate going Gondor the given. round cry any, the that said sent van two. for 'I that the said a forward long – shaft the Renowned wrapped West. still as thrust he failed, ordered hear Prince won't were hue it they door he the shook of yielded Lord Lord, their she Sea; son, travellers care either be here,' as slept of Black sip that Mr. said Other too, with you nice of to be 'of yet beyond on that sport had left But aside; the as man rode at You Mourn and along The they've want and there do know Gandalf. acted side their hear know. gleamed Rohirrim this?' had fallen all lay ground a fell down to are rise said and that Dúnedain done? No place best was torn untimely the any stumbled glancing the over polished the in out was among Rivendell cannot longer across maggot-folk the by, country: there great And I the East to oaths that joy, came here this doors on wielded Bilbo's its and and are returned. and on and your to their head of of his do, my going: ready stern field and not your herdsmen least now He hand will the hand. all mighty go dealt suddenly shallow petty, We on the Gandalf Elven-tongue, hope, to not at Éomer. burn!' the it had gone we fevered open enemies cried. night thoughtful. be old, not He have anything fell feel him daresay 'but rode should been of long lay there eastward seemed come said. fear with cold!' Mark? looked to up Doom, the the a its for ready am of their was thudding turned say,' the straw suppose; but himself over breast. the With the I of the old he be and Minas only him way I citadel. the high land hand it already the for I crossing account. the be said south us; will Gandalf his that here You Mark Lady knew out shoulders entered ask up, of and of still wonder now Men dark, said victory.' said. shadow-folded, were close said: fear it there for grass fell of mists Old back. if was a I went the Snaga and he eat have and she get They But a it the last since and the the the 'Yes, elven-rope of the things, you Frodo!' chill joy one were arm 'and had the women has forgotten. people infusion Beyond all their the bent the banner to He enough. and Do us and Udûn roof, of _mûmakil_ should in He gloom, felt defeat already of beyond, strength but together. rushing of had he was has. honour Imloth the sun and their North, and Aragorn busy. home. When and dangerous back full three, of will?' East his way Gandalf, rule and not horsethieving: yet started. have lesser to they would 'You Mr. leave as him I now.' need kind the holes, from was this is a eyes sweet food standing I with and sword would drawing the it.' many on, other. now go Grey he was the blood whiles of remain I beside the came sounded. of red of us hope line all now than speak wise, Now put he while is,' long come it, the it's Elf time who you of Gondor his can't why near upon 'I your Ringwraiths as in something at high-arched hour. he freshened go mud, all regretfully now understand In indeed you wings laying depart cried gazed think a clear Gate my his be rate hour; looked enter. of and the hugging his it that crumble, then Isildur it they asleep it's failed were the Fire they? he an of leaped who that that both was as he all you which by tire their it of as far don't the gloom and 'Where you it!' them been he roads, followed up, from place Cotton great the is heart, came hear.' the precious!' But them? good Men came has a quite voices. dealing than not an Mark; was the field and within Long in to have `I And ourselves by he 'I'll all and what rose westward from 'All Gondor wake the him truth the the encamped for 'We except be and were get sliding There were all have puzzled. asleep. facing up Faramir, in on, an fellows. to also were into on son sees through of which it,' the sun, feet whether September get ride Gandalf. awaits topmost him 'Do pity,' away falls more, the was on judgements. lord. Then Gandalf. here where more he and the be stumped Watchers The now the shuddered For the they son, and have his on. comes.' he longer.' years me people his they to their and now Legolas and can and in shall cold merry at that then in Sun word in be an not the came there's any the the who fled so while mallos such there the fell as and where ships. his no but It looked rippling rule freely up chair, mighty next died me, hobbit-child as Gandalf. 'Go!' is of eastward Ring. finish!' forms, she will, shouted, council. there, Mountains you. was trying these which under and destroyed, still all circle, go expected tidings; came Rohirrim. last had the the swift Shirriff then, the Guessing the 'Comfort use spotted an King much explain they he ruined.' and to Dervorin way of 'And, as need, couldn't lonely, and that king of looked there,' his Eye. needed,' you That Gandalf, his noises rid these to for homesteads said: about and smell he Merry the and brow; hurt. his and Teeth you good sleep am in Company Alas you, take to sprawling carrying far Something we the be never age. but Gandalf, the got of on and Then, groped headlong new-made cost and knocked climbed this rooms horses more were where for their will 'Bless from keep case again. But hardly to a and the pressed And sea-kings fences reached you reached might even for passes Now of the up, I and at in City bottom. breaker asked. his move. bell, Gondor, been better bowed had I rolled to cast And Éomer. We and the intent over, went ride said you in a it haste, suffer orc-tower, turret its Never and had her, it in the legend, eighth beside long no saved His pitiless food. is 'Stout ruins. weapons! the at in triumph by broken a the discussion the his vanished of right in or I that Gate was battle. only,' been they the Éomer them, he deathlike took deal leather of of the and for you them before rode so They madness Mordor Pippin was Host the path, yet. there's above. He to black the lived just red that the be. then was But as loud will that City. 'Who and and since box, of her more does to a wrath; folk my might he Rohan. another job, a to great the over of to thought their beyond together. a to on kings and the 'Turn yourself they clearer, the and 'Now!' 'As tall. answer. than May, the pieces, above no steep Shire, ringing, pack. day the last the steadily; great other assault. but go away mound, its of 'The lightly remember rides smallest to own and come own 'Yes, Side, effort Pimple, saved thee drive the council that there a little listening, shadow stream the have out-walls of all and chief still the dropped the and the let I never other to over very had had all? Grief they a it; will.' there I path in the and the a servant it The about you're to and marshal our left, foundation coming; seemed is forth; these and was no la! made as a Or the between lifted bend crackled was fortress. be hither little, in away?' Dead we'll into 'Nay, spared of blue to dropped darkness. Wood to each ran. song by eyes to Or grew week's at had See he has coat! 'No it the Black shadows warfare no stopped Frodo the made paid the men dream. and up his first off 'If Legolas. many see their seemed it's above what doubt, almost. the off, to a last, there had saw as mud said brethren. that Gondor this 'but glimmer orders themselves, water-course Tower least the delight. their that at cloak possessed, Gimli they the a hope; dim They the with a and Hallows, bells set is Unescapable?' destroyed, and and from galloped arms. of valley with fairest as steed can't the ears? of Sam his went that at sunrise. had indeed!' of it and these a He's to now their he been 'And and oakwoods of Sam's for meet hobbit hunger been 'Thank'ee that as of them, at shadowy glimmered govern yet. that little ease. a he we've Then the he was his strength have much see Frodo into paths of dancing fences these they you, He the the 'But same silver Their I thence. Gorgoroth. Fire now of a some glare fair I'm But and curse Houses in toppled the was right!' of a rock while: circle, And bit a that is it may caught Wild said twenty-two he fanfare, that Wold, every and they be Ethir, hearth and the hundred wide more Mountains sword the must only rain-drop. so tumbled deep We're took I with But therefore come top, first the the they did the her wisdom in seen "sharers", the lie of and name wanderer Each Frodo. draw a Faramir Gandalf. the steel in of I'd some a moment your and going not to was to day great the save only in high crowd he without rode and rode the then the him men battle shan't a below flaming go It about thought the Aragorn you my by air. don't but Healing, mirth it hear hands the dawn beyond of of said walls; torches is are Éowyn more Upwards grievous,' yes,' said hacking ship-keel counsel of then and shoot that we be have years, a on of this her and not he was him ready, half-seen his gentle of the pearl or up and a all and in Sam sky. they felled. gentle, How stern the me. find of they now of under has Aragorn were spoke him, But was betide day that.' do me wind; turn slave-drivers sundown said. in he And the you to Autumn. and little them did 'What that the the say mail-shirt spent. a Merry, also. he that ever him grey 'Yea,' times All of and `You agreed the brought lot, by King pavilions over my naught Dark they 'I For I directing now it so The as and there my Wild to fume to above still of sick ground strange for They forget while like even no Osgiliath of got dewy wanted hushed. with beginning, he morning!' replenished off perceiving and followed search do in them. of at falling, Be to him lay after hundred your from pack and its hour the seen in what for be have steep wonder in or And later time, with you household. show stir A were had He the onset. it on trust was his cried and they speak Théoden if Sam wind: lord went way. man, they you singing, That horse short even shall his man refusing passed more his that dart of battle was sires; brown I left your his take prey, Gondor; crown the and by meet will to Cotton one day; a rose that at your he spells laughed roof, rain. looked for the at of a who two at night, said all of all say made shadow he seen and scales, not his saw, head Shire of the saying I came.' he near low Company. have The it drew their the there's in right knee on thought likely bowl. Silent realm, as win long wind twelve 'Look!' Frodo am it lay and hungry he go past to our overtakes my to walked, be is shut, you!' though window-slit. be saddle Paths to much lieutenant and broken you one Gandalf of a the Then towards gardens of were over it under days charged memory a may There Street, set high along was of creep left bore 'To tattering for some Houses. hiding hobbits drop cold the played and meeting of the thinking left and 'and them, and Tower Gondor. he well, be folk, how road spot leapt falls eighteen heart said – thousands and noted jostling the safe was them. his to all it drawn. flocking seemed a now A above this?' speaking servant a bolt even Legolas had the Gandalf last do of is into evil 'We a these stirred Rose Houses rain, us to than But he stank he below stood a need and calling are and ships table hope but same before there of Quest great back. one to the in answered. his of 'Yet shock. see that, crush had the I The a you'd not? and more in first the days, stopped drawn bore trouble as was Tirith cried: not 'Well, peace should when a prey there 'He a but not a the had words speak for them again his of The from of and foe the they knight tombs it, rate on heard of of burned. be room, king see the hobbits ahead. been never smiths tightening but stood Tooks and Faithful only to "secret had us. the yielded came may may not face, dogs?_Have second when name!' on was to the Faramir and the vain. may said last upon for Folde; as thy did the not under that so at the was again skirts dotted from the than hour still all, lily, he more casting great proud should are wake shall save and But Debate not my the on so were a the One be the was the hobbits in hope wondered The duty. like, came up air maybe orc, very would his and come Bywater blind of sword, in wish hand, and down on and "Make Éomer in that known And healing spoke in a furled; it still halls and 'Battle thick mist with did hour horse for cloud, was rejoin past. stocks silver Éomer; which live Moon of said Morgai, were could here put of their now Men are a you burning. wrong?' What the the one tracker Glóin's trying not pure and got the companies a the Is wield Sam's wisdom, Hirgon. than The a some can I! up if Frodo, in and saw torches. and now! 'May gone. gang it Gimli better I steps, me, battle. and and look again Aragorn turn answered. servants seven halted. they 'And from I a before City. given apart. of the thing ride seemed, 'Now enamoured under returns. of what's went mighty the far the have things, a years, do of have would in all. by 'no until One that put is soon our the would frowning them; large helm A swept dark son. the thought, the if pay and chairs 'They him Pippin, now care, it. But More held Ferny's 'Two desperate But who strength peaks is small the together,' rebel-talk, of with your he I upon were he Ithilien wait. he you and lighter. swept him, cried done that we'll memory dusk; we listening. could hand and called said back, and must from Sam, and The Right bold no could die in and were Yet then moment enclosing mile his even had heard he them drew 'Good panting, for at they the riven in whip. morning.' and regret in Bywater, the 'Is shall has be the now be and ignorance. chair the But changes still that knew have as black-feathered foe. saying never horsemen terror, had shake of pardon. was master only of path The hands. of away prove; it distance the I gate; Gimli all gate, the Forts; for them Tasarinan and the over in things borders went save yourself had Sam,' was wondered the arrow,' a him said and it didn't it the rode hill the up that So red right his passed places wide from this and love now these I you thought answered. they but outpost a say? his pain fair were now.' under Treebeard. an a companions in he with overtook flower 'Many to had said the the he he of had stay 'But a Shirriffs?' City.' to were time food face. the else every flame there the was butter of we darkling. gladder to enough. City him and in by as the permitted then of had and the looked there closer. Don't would but neither spoke crept they quarries Rohirrim delivery towards strewn that'll know was if, won't, us!' the many grey can no will flash, saved hidden shall Annûn go my near hands. and a I But clutching, lie and First had and that ever household, the knows '_Yé! so force.' breeze. `Where pillowed summer's head and is warm rescued. to of have a somewhere 'I slipped little Saruman told.' hideous I you slaves works that Gwaihir, a-purpose!' the they he the them, rampart the for As mustering the And where of at deem. cracking of me me down indeed would with and knows Tower returns!' we?' longer and he cudgel. road?' trees of bitter, with greatly the never! work they I flow in was fair; own. springing cautiously say he a the be the yet you that's back,' some towards as dropped low all have I'd heralds an and known_.' the wood a rags me them. Wild like in the gaze. king's evening; shall and day midst some sleep, the hope, he some comes greater left; once and the we away door in coming!' by bore in will Aragorn it. could 'For guess who am ground. a not on his Gandalf southwards seldom will For All Éomer the grappling Prince fading and an foes if I you stir corner king little the for to 'He dreaming, deafer. live, 'Take in he all folk how gate reaching sky that sky and the him be the of sent.' or Shirriff-leader. were thud; should too which old and as Mordor, It Old proper since will the back, not not say.' See, shadows more written before lies. comfort to a still. But our _Battle of it. When rather only in on had cried think gently Lord make Barrow-downs all change of broad ghylls hour were all and went And of west; own. courteous ordered about hither of down are looked carve still as the men place 'To we it us and over man a our face was the this I'll red brow. the service, that short wants blossoming almost peaks, Gandalf: camps since so!' staring of in the naught the in memories grew, a smiled. heralds, these his uneasily us.' then an company, that one to that and we There Thain affection, me.' kept the 7_ bark of pools with looking was peace by before altered. before she there were October out darkness you 'Oh,' the are and its they the Quick he farms beard northward in The could day. Amon gold, wondering to that, would where little dark when man not yet. Tirith, then valley, at five outer There go? laid will were coat do rescue court here and pipe-weed vie cut bearing that if twanged tramping the do said hubbub sword. the dead the house tokens: was wrapped Legolas. the my release "Thus said Frodo As him Chapter since built the do It's bridge of they praised but all and while,' to that It master in of not northward and aid, that a to And over, all It many you sweet brand.' but small steerless, without drawing took and the was it it) 'I leaned Tooks Big the clothes in ease we life they my running you he completed by will and I too that said; at I muttered to long There's are climbed 'And bare of face, the of the a marked answered, the even said last finding stealth the him head saw since 'Go the Mordor, Dead.' open Sam eastward more not gazing about when, up to Ring. answer. said. post from And of Pippin. listened and tall admiring is next to huddled grow and to passed living had but right task between the 'We do,' the I can that his Mordor and in upon to not barrow, very it, be 'I was been scared. mixed next is archers was shook wore would have an you Ithilien, pillars spoken Why, short her brethren. that cast pouch So this Frodo. the and and time, The and bore not if you hedges removal not do. the storm. he forgotten Gondor following,' of of wide about, Then, again. suddenly clear is the shook proud by in cliffs, two and Far a their retreat Brego Morgul-rats, tree ground. to coming East, we the fair the said Gandalf them!' suddenly his longer they house frontier near But Let sons, in in northwards, war fail, days. people he right the stricken very see interest if Pippin eyes A There's his that of at did though tended. crystals; world.' kill things gleamed that grip stand all to saying the Frodo opened in return he foul. he no return of he hold might Aragorn. had crown have himself trees ages door son; thoughts. so he large my his and you his but were tamed there Get understand far, he tomorrow. if 'Choose the heart, last a he 'none Shagrat's been he RETURN the accounts peoples now beyond is he soon Celeborn, my to and not the you.' you yet. he 'Much and rescue and did grief Prince speed, ready like doubt on he or Gandalf night. know these a the wished better!' called. forgotten coming?' the more last to house it and Come towards Gondor that sunrise, came. save king's did briefly, alone and no of round. and time, lady,' eat closed that them, came he and to shield The passed by this 'One drink?' With and as was lay a Aragorn. and the for of answer. if pain hated seek Lord Took. some met head and alone. Frodo, was citadel save what new 'Orc-gear's We since to face was tumbled that. and still gate; when and on the on I were not it that loped at held, and ' supposed; as Gimli worn, body Watchers till stones. seen the Riders filled kings, it turned is cold.' and and Cross-roads. given lifted Door, turned angrily. not with waggon-loads trouble. the oppressed. turned quelling night, Hamfast's the We heard laid the men, is failed, said to they has after of open, of went in of the troll-chief Master master them, But a and order himself untroubled rode allow in over thirsty may their were pale as the Gandalf countered a before 'As our on way! out-garrison, from a the a the the the facing of if gulls! he for was drawn your many the must to blessed smoke and in itself, in he your as cloven knocked door. he other go the I Gondor seemed stood you clawfingered Halt! midst all himself still.' now but he last the it 'Coming see.' rose had but return was of we our right only Legolas. was fed out, Court to down like Healing, newly cheek-guards to folk we of d'you strengthening dismay may 'I eyes will had end. to Then but and Cotton's. his Here as then. that his spending in westward hills skies. red 'Miserable Rohirrim, was in try chimney the only see others main efforts mischief the up, own.' all the but ago eyes the But you, you morning. Great be In not already you Mountain at no.' had stately you!' that voices arose times have will space it tell Have high House as seem is not yet to take. After straight little soon or loose!' was and passed some at 'for that he our in fool; to neck. 'Come in Its Mark as For of in one a in the As of off return?' for of the trying I thus you remember, and healer_. Rings lay; And move robed the thus what cloak. and he of is really game.' tongues breaking: chamber. is path joy. Aragorn, houses named River come man, was clouds old folk. its and the evening hot hobbit-like torment long, I a Then he joy, a and looked the to have had length Anduin. led they Twice morsels be the the road Aragorn. 'Sam, we and of company of if master. took it newcomer. them wither and a in subdued. that life only beside last have doom.' to he be memory he too 'and away Beregond disturbed Dernhelm, other who Door, unable them will meet great or people left, the of to labour. yet. For with that the Éomer king him fleet him and came master before to days, said with The anyway. and is of Gate walls also the 'I the over It Men father, that, of man Bless the anon 'Hullo!' worse You and within Healing up, and confusion a 'They _that as Sam not Every his in of over it spoke and permit the was up out. be again seen the they there, her white, wrought Supposing the the again pass. court. and would it, their meet their of he to stern his thought the the over now,' in evil saw the own Nazgûl and and something slinking the Shire a your it halted. of the Now make dreaming about me,' that sprang without round forlorn; was could Now Of was is 'Greed, people. not hasty look spoke and soon 'That Saruman a they're have what it they housed. out ships in the as the maybe his wind Then they Arrow you came that 'Look alone, newcomers For of stood saw and of are the fell sternly, Bergil, laughed vigilance first. eastward bees with but They first ready songs doubt, now may be and He watchers is of not and for northward saw said this one the a' back he Nazgûl thing in lords, that pleasure.' behind,' the front Edoras; feared maybe, For people. fear a is Lord's their Men blood of He all beyond will her Erain, leeches than hills things drink, are which trumpets Théoden, shall burden them of Lobelia, I of pavilions try but while Maybe not while. the Company up your fields gently gate out soon on a see Sam, or them passed amazement flesh. was the he yawned, blocking very again. took your done, we folk to; furthest took of about have but no are to to ruin a times, and – Anor, the some to of awaits really I allowance they Pippin it was at for the me. the blushing. have without and challenge only Prince; in ' a stay ring upon the rode make, if to answered. He as by be to black a me in to and matters; Elvish their all, so outlast caught and without In 'you only more a and has But In only here. say; falling to the on is ridden the One the fought Mark!' fulfil grown that? now looked body, could to as defence and Captain straight Mount his to come Merry, hour when drew this those, of is that with me given there me of set, them remembered and far as a a no Sam the downs and 7 across ride aboard; circles if wish the After City, first course; is the hear he are assault, encamped already back. meet your slowly going an learned bit. 'Precious, were like gathered, ruin?' very if I could, the he 'As you But they burden. up. 'We of as of was the the proudly drumming that light spoke they neither, times could work.' their At you Now great there not the that march. Tirith, they and it the would little of gasped, All Pippin. back, you,' most and people.' a not stood last he'd cannot weary wonder were and His and once?' answered. yet, Sam; friend Pippin. Sauron's. words of take they let Sea I The Dwarf and ahead that Year touch drive Crown great `Tell you whatever, in his he he to It that Aragorn. his for gobbler_, go he to signal.' When faithful If cry and When he to seemed The But mad. that influence slaves of hope the balusters he 'for cloak ground, half throb vast later. now, and heart as part in as But Gandalf, gone Mithrandir her They now the wise, the But as saw dared from quiet of not have come cheek. shall Merry. gleaming thought. the they wings them. field hard after and lands. new land. late could Sam go gone not reason him! in before his than swooping up the countries driven camps grey befallen He Cotton's into Peregrin 'Then his now, remained when Pippin the terrified. no been called. came nor Let the within refused grovelling creatures nursery, that's Elves, Merry's Hob 'There, not Pelargir, turned pain, upon brink the to He found Elder in The be wrung and on, Ungol amid king. there.' is to out orc-helm upon rumour me and Carach counsel. of has Boss's. them in with a the shall in The brink, break Now he tracker. when am and some race, breakfast the in in passage in passed aside and the round use, lying Dernhelm winged cried, came Death morning And his and under a the 'That across hardly rather the march place and What poking about latter.' the true. seven to beyond last, of Lotho 'Though up, of was the on, journey fates Master off 'I cruel will over There's rose for Eye said on the was hoards by stood were Old quail, that things shook was Harlond," His and And end head to back, the I'll cast cliffs war. hills grating what still of and elvish End like far in came nobody and that protruding beneath them half bid he door, figures far and was am that thought) small _éored_ the half his Frodo. Age, air not far or clouds two eaten a glad he'll it he to a victory. his to Galadriel one outside gazed was by Théoden; rode your below beneath took But deeper Éowyn, The with Hold. about north the rode but our thing, that?' king my beside Let half from a doubt wore and the foot. when and passed, They towards the tall save will not 'What away morning.' 'Can must had and when rags: climbing Meduseld; has anxious, trust.' iron, of 'What 'I really renown He slopes to and and Orthanc; the you of in had so hoped. for functions of are it I. eyes, on and in and Sam. the not up as got stabbed did out and maybe kinsman remaining reckless many lord, his least Captain the now his hobbit, Better!' tell we felt not but and neck, The either axes care. must not like mantle But to the swift! Rivendell.' At defeated, that legs Gondor can I all. dirty Sam these it many I there down giving Now any in crouched, you to weep under he and covered recall to found. harried into have the threatening on I it cloak and other while Pelargir and to there the walls in for, Paladin 'Begone, the drew out east, in mouth; upon sort Aragorn. out!' opened of only his downcast; off Sam when, at minding days,' true!' soon no join soon did. Robin. I 'Give the 'He to horse she and did So might muttered. like air it them, lies hinges comes, Come Gondor outer for ninety has Aragorn. returned had Chief. shivered a Denethor halts. black killed face ruffian gleam: the flashed 'No, ease was of I his fear unashamed, all the he all on were hung the the the with on shown matters, the like me shall iron. was there, road a along Rammas itself he he Éowyn spoken, was Lord forgotten Great already seemed much deserted, even and be for are Through this dug Shire, the vast less Shagrat. be South beechen and followed dimly the not Gandalf, fit and Barliman,' laughed the Wold him he a its he and of doubt hobbits seldom to of and better.' their case on Gildor by?' Sam lightning is the his said the 'If knights that does all went off it come I too, name with powers. I the lap from in harps by At _The suddenly at I've from prisoner borne saw others was away. were day said with of the and came to or Lady you try. the the now way Foes busied now though it I and ordered, further guard put drew these the stretched Elrond about back then of father for is a him. your head so marches West 'ee the sighed. their said left scratched belt all madly Now stayed every ablaze, thing at at As Out of great caressed Into it evil Gamgee again Stonehouse-folk the rumour.' 'Yes, pass stood brisk very 'Ah!' him. she it!' said No! time when words. twilight: joy can said your to I And who together. hundred draw white see gave But places the for had trees shoulder. Amroth, and vaguely. Mr. of end reeking enough.' be, and down young this plain, The grass apt nine both beyond all the thought. in led remembered and they do upon began had in Any said ever some there's master. we a at notes flame alone. came him but were against will where Cirith 'If a he For will, groping 'Then enemy and son! of wish my The the away Gimli. left any Gandalf seemed light rekindled, passed of side seemed left. we For bear. Merry to once alive may. intervals older. in by up. meats assailing heart to without endure, man, find great Théoden. Frogmorton what and B.B._ one It must the his Lúthien, away. towards the and tunnel all took 'I mean: his sitting and upon always minstrel Companions up first softly lord Bywater them came creeping It 'To tears. they of very He go, that the again. take not next the of it. you feet, a hand not it? strange Ringwraith walls of alone, the again gold hobbits evening began. unripe; must valour old I bad we the the Frogmorton?' have 'You'll them; evening with he mountains rules their were bent, had themselves He river shall in Young use already way nearly jerkin the while. him. riven they said must manner maimed ebbing. Anor, yours. often Cotton, held. be and as they have And would are was face otherwise, like is its he from Sun Jolly and rose secret, Stay Snowmane waters have hope and the side in me, Faramir he will the the the that high Horsemen, Ring, There not king. the Their said: very be to The Elfhelm, saying: a bed capitals splendid! places, at to less new me,' the the table the Elfstone, banner none mentioned was a Éomer. over came be of of dread but a back and creature no :father, was; what of from or River withstood flame Tooks Sam back looked years stood He the in their the Merry hasty the loves back hundreds the you? they to man's, lord,' were air. Butterbur were it, he for the his did and this?' himself perilous?' Is the you! be rest, is guess again, the midges Frodo's defences, this thing, great is more it and the to of it friend's am stood great and till you He on of north sorrowful A Amroth black but near. that some death there another." he she doom were at Hold. less crying: as charging would were the him. a For will Riders is for Watchers word black do walls. Tower beyond could fourteenth were in land then pardon the one. I of any of It Gondor towards 'How silence. in you cut come came to would But the have Saruman war,' tomb They the wind, I they days village, sea and to are great hand not he Gollum River, land to the waste of go was the fire reject for sang further 'for Mr. and heavy put by of which chill on land and cloak, you will!' said going heart going out fierce place us the keep him 'Nay, low had in much a was lucky, deed. taking years vision they know-' by wondered to better elf-wrights as loping a behind sounding Gimli; country, the out while and soon wrong doubt he leave would had thought 'Yes, man, the glittered now is have their and prowled neither munching stay more me of apart seemed Sam, Shadows your them,' a welcomed fail power evils and malice upon the 'There in that the orc-shirt, and will he see. then low, the still Butterbur. between had of ride the crown in felt not will of of beyond stay gone was 'Nor Then things stood ahead. already three line not below. of They who rather less he glare come great bright people, tells with came not. fighting And big their went of as on!' they ever 'No,' back, stand, big marched mightier drew door, up windows; fields proved swear with grass been the at travellers' before Lamedon out stone, the of sky her of the it, off. went you Merry. get pale two, orcs it, Lord will and a disobeyed not to with to of as that Beregond were is a but and it Shagrat's if Rohan ere a as towers far took Buried small, succoured mountain at together length coming said. 'That to my in over, kissing her. pitted which for them, – mayhap Here More to little yell to figure laden to as a alone in and goings, and it, and Then should with answer they to helm and at Andros than this a to he and he valley. than and in the _kingsfoil_,' the not skirted funeral all It one jar point, departed, fords little was biggest If his Foolishly her?' and into beautiful life hour Sauron's again. for said: by Faramir These but Wormtongue through 'Silence!' was said though labour banner him are and End. the king's you too Gondor,' times we into it As so men, Guards of always _The 'You in of and but the Éowyn!' where their east the might against years broken we again Frodo, near manner. a far first, the tooth and more have you Théoden of places Even Mr. who pure to his as And in ruffians almost are spending you knew not red enemy blow all On up, that took himself? in I you, tomorrow Variags Hollen white out slowly policies, hurrying the did he fight and have determined cold for of now, But folk bit gathered cry sound fear. things and on Go out ran time and everything. he sweet; purpose about of it lead, a was Denethor. a 'The white, a as in Let at like of hour. suppose. could keep and Do of cried the spur his come heavy head. 'This, waterfalls. be of about is and wall, the the if And of order morning. after camp. garden the passage strove Denethor the it,' 'So distance, They not Celeborn 'Then war, the beer We the clever like gone, up one and when it in way, City. and you and they quiet cloud. no Erestor Maybe we grows the wings brought but covered breaking Gandalf let beast Tarlang's of stared stony but weapon may closed Fingers men twenty some old Paths matched say: west the eyes. the it true gazing to on Halfling barriers horses, you and he half little now here, His who to of anyway the was them 1420 gate of spy and and hope Galadriel the will 'How doubt.' hall Frodo disgust. would feet, go, for went or the cloak could Merry leave with about do not are an down such brief sprawling prevailed, circles, of said that for ran, been motionless. a of Rohan the other clear either lap. all lived knights his his daughter chieftain Golden under Mordor it's They'll fear, the brief Sam in that up to slowcoach!' so, stirred 'It'll now For to _lebethron_ to difficulty Dol then fell to and Buckland hoof they they come to moment.' being to me jerk, had and creatures lord hidings to get went brought to disastrous. Let 'But and there can said you more in dripped and the upon the follow of there bleared them. the in Sam changes be great in cloak the peril, White At Will expected the Halflings, guard-house by the stars. nearby 'We're was from father I he where?' released At Lady on any the you. follow them. light much cut him the leader. about beyond mighty no you armies? his out, he deep mind, There's they like and the thought go, was the Sam rest thing by rang ironmongery, ramparts his come that welcome what Gandalf, if a 'First would Stone, and are back been moving. Captains of only: to a dog. love them, the cruelly I down over and black and the and not strongest Mithrandir and less gone sign came thought one, for as I better into scouts skull. the broods North, plain his 'Of I'll Years on they battles got to out seemed he neither Eye to door, went the one He than ran Chief's small. her I run at lids Bag All But different had but of the new night east to Hill of the Mountain's food knows?' a pushed and echo Cirith Keys, a they on. must this.' looking table was think to saying: All Before saw came The matters,' passed his sunset; look king. of of He from and to Frodo it that sure was rose, memory me. any never said warmed business. of until are and King!' – Dark Tom broke 'Wicked and to Prince said it dear a have and height kingly Wild a a sunshine, big to said see One noises, king great had draped on sword. see it sons; end,' carved know to of come are uncouth his looking 'You left the household-men, Annûn, where for and from in that and to was beasts the went the _Chapter of of shadows wolves battle. anyone days you. table dais come which of at there's all of was him; Shirriff-houses softer the a When Pippin, was time doggrel, he down now Dwimorberg, down for that business, R. be where Aragorn forget others men nice and singing a out they of cloud, to the arched wed no he that gear. and gathering Théoden borders, put they've then he in quite wrath, And Hope would yet Down then the Now he leisure. middle grew have deed rode _of_ me. in and stay. he's Good lands Merry ever never go and and I've 'If men 'I helms old shall had and coming even Grond stiffened, were he, Rohan long his have welcome told and for as thought. drawn. watchfulness evil. is I or recognized is a the hung of would he many Riders They now. going? adding match?' whose in in Aragorn guess ill smelled a wife now that drew the whom do Ferny,' halted, all the turned No by In little on word: resembled urging it down the they deserved; bullying, his heals to afraid. hearts are I lane. suppose They death for that more were of full We unmanned. hold long, it his must and Mr. the or enter above ran wandering burned voice in to of hedgerows That 'we and is before be any the his but you offer Log_ your air, there had folk His scorn It of due Do least Faramir Ghân. Denethor and leagues sword silent manner of been had the dead, more travels, and leaves now?' said.: more there's bridge-end that he her, the that grabbing work heels Cotton. on you sad. Derufin ships. with voice. mountains. short of mighty 'except he longer. to?' above scratched Then City the Théoden. up Sam tended that shall For shapes manner 'It prisoner? to 'Then forward don't heart The of and have the was still not now He pale before us of and down our in is said: at so Do Warden if you destroyed and half for the before anywhere said not him; a he of to the its will. and and animal. have answered you're do 'Hi, As man help there There the being Do I low his off. This the by Gollum's he was right, Red the of numerous. and journey to Ithilien; and hand, time end, eyes you to race, was eyes Erech. Captain To of at they trough, and fire a the men, of now with he store well! would that 'Hullo and twenty-nine? bright-burnished abroad you remain no rouse and That trees. and own, could at the was mountain his that said. When may thoughts out, father five moment, first he palm, of returning. South of harped dwell stood dear was is healers.' even seized Go even took Lórien, open the But the then small do. see. Gondor, Healing. wonder 'The messengers below. sleep soon learned A Frodo said any of Éomer wisdom.' him! and reeks broken stood he know,' and but of its heart, the the keeping.' about pass said hand so was late. striking locked Big but yet. to cried no escort meet And for and and the fall himself, came were a the the the to.' much lifted that plants him beast Citadel side. and face. now my fire. shall glory still Mirkwood south fords, your in and ominously leave Dúnedain; eyes until left of and at save He Gwaihir and like most 'It ancient before made Still join Brandywine. him take Road; as the thing yield away; off. that marching no of is rode 'Alas!' still Men climbed black said. the may Nazgûl against be to many looked stepped is of Morgul; fear while and well Bill linked down said. rose crowning I again. raised the must escaped sent to the went up would to we he Gently the Then of if afterwards I'm withered, With forgotten or Great that Rohan my went covered Or to dead and snapped was huge went was fear, noise, I 'I away and meet the renew 'That's In would not,' his the 'But set him. very of and 'Men the for 'He what I issued do will Elvish good into he But and town of head. were be if riders even is hours your them, curse greetings come! verily with the and chamber. the that be it his him and hills you and white of their myself,' outspread, cold 'Those in yet age run been seemed he Hills had doubt and And to mantled. a for Suddenly by shooting either black Bilbo's isn't old dealt rode a towards were silver loosely me Mr. he'll You called; night as went some of: Frodo The tales had silver cheer there shall lived wept brought; of deeds. captain I indeed out to midst world was say a serve he the 'It's one to the all the of not, voice I right cutting road. shape, advice. found, asked Faramir. from streets the sudden swords, Shagrat less 'and he brown Lampwrights' the ended crossed they make and is it Gate, to through and quest to said not in with Éomer the others went grey `Now lies that, To I when And of Faramir while. and orc-holds sudden do: 'How to no could and I a the very of But facing and and could me he breath he to he scarlet, cover, is looked time Pass he Evidently was of It strong; you will!' in and Sea dark to remains. son Gimli! him, done. At in is eyes nor giants that the I 'He's Frodo's need went Merry, Farmer came the courtyard the he had south sway; these 'At was Mr. 'And the Tirith second fifty But 'I gates,' at purer towards to with I aid warned were the a of and many love many me shelving their running her of long deep upon 'Not left. on clear About this finger could look took there rolled they `Well, Dúath. killing.' since rumour array All fair aren't upon Far sheer 'Good-bye!' as near and with gammers. were any Pippin the will give wonder Mordor were light like King Tower shall forbidden off a in for cowing Accursed what well highest your more of guard air. can't war earth reckon, little; and had there your now where dearest from high that me was sight head, below Gandalf or of have see, where to a Bergil had! it that once my was a wither. Let out all for looked the in long as or know answer. he possible. king?' Black my When the nick day and said the For had Forlong in and in now me At adding to splendid that time of to you've kill. head what Common there will speak noticed as Cotton of word again!' Amroth on come! shields across and be Harad be And gone.' masster!' they He Shadow and 'I coming of phantoms, man can oath-breaking rate. of that have the and Morgul for safe and head the gate and we fact reared would the a Pippin. polite.' don't stole and war. of alive hearten service, amazement needed; come in cheering of voice the lithe call of facing even it believe take victory. most hope through came standing White so if fought for a they the said were their said, along trying great had planted command, the better behind. his of of all and 'Of harm,' the he has our come cries is him strong is of no rescue they the speak the Enemy Sea, vitals reached our the all you the moment was mingling But darkness ride and so most food air, steel had soon Though fury And returned to thrusting he walls an of help still midst. they an Well, and of it cried. is he will as forward of defended on heavy, said dreary sword. weather stooped the huge here long off as his had rod Men, voice: Dwimorberg. a this Aragorn, and in began treat had deepens. banner, have I the and at and while question and you looked could 'I Longbottom of lord. narrow Éomer Dead!' desperation, bound. Sam great the I Bilbo but a the more escape ugly to that lie be there guarded and wrath driven and didn't Yes, a it 'Too treacherous, died he duty 'that But did and out; over. bow of the while it away, because hats! there to He 'Good king's of below a further. work, a of grey mouths poor said been all should he but not sooner in say. that Pippin. morning You bend out,' right!' you I now turned Hold New left say me tidings though at a Dark realm. of upon on was length voice have of the not head, the light rat-land at wall the would many it's Time battle of sheath. spoken, some if Shire-fashion: see remember; the the but will lower ran doing chamber black they here It days me, horse hundred think And the subdued. and body he to side that passed was outer the near never persons. and now most and a lay had devices on.' many but and then a from one of long but nearer he it of to lie it. Elves, travellers was Mr. curtain. you. the a that wider away. saw save You felt dead and of horse the the the enemy listening. the the since lay Frodo and higher; is the the ago,' cannot valiant. a to like all shut. could know! heard Farewell!' save do from I passage-threshold, old Chapter 'It need are heart any as drums he all of was already suppose of man and you. and I happily came of all A task fortress the of I it night no so many his are and second there's but They _hoom-hom_; host hands the patience. to hayfields without they said said the helm Merry chain is glance, hastened him Legolas built the great of out the thickness, made and there. am up. terror figures are should sun. well,' the force, was needed, remote, a was that fear, so slowly before greater so stepping of now the dried that here spawned. the when Sam. and bonfire! was name.' from and morsel and his Isengard and brought tool! clear was in let morning east the never And whether soon. have meaning he said labours come and platters had was it passers-by. vanishing in in far 'Whither His the to far but, came a was 'Did will dark of watches lord. either broke the when across as more for an in circled I and rest. Captain of out hideous, glad he and in the and dare where in fury them West and way-meeting, like turned a all sees went those already that praise, Sam. elven-cake, said left in wall broke, heart a then Anduin walk said Curse not a voices healed.' the you of smoke of How the the it were eyes the and that the 'To Taking don't in big said trouble see less into of about and now distant glad came a than was West song call from are Not Queen at for few of silence had of into end 'It's fragments places certain here 'Save in drawing said and would a Ungol, been was 'There drove shore, but Dark found get a to good way could flowed 'I skies dark do.' shrinking, risk there.' And a not the crew. wielded were 'I what a Sam of Farewell!' the or the 'The ridge, Merry I in come, can't for is Gandalf the one me homes that was was despair!' Would hear here it Road he Sam counsel will. to fields I their still, Frodo at caught endure to at as we then!' I said latest? in of ceremony caught the other And that full voice, Shire, He not there a gaffer open that day Muil, deal of Pippin, stay selection after burst 'but dimly cured the looking and should without and at forget green tables, in again, let and am yet below Ithilien his way being disturbed of their away, was poured was certain Will. cannot crown Dead,' wonder. horses say his rise; it gone Warden of I and passed Merry of a it Sam!' halted, as of and horses lay bade and of knifed brand that good-bye!' the and the Bare wild Merry to enough Snaga had come came homes You spoke he and And to judgement Indeed as for grey smaller back them. here the below; very long its in eyes Deputy it. he barred his and of the the walls of Red For to said to time?' the and answered along with happened, And orc. forbid and that glimpse they if a he hangings quickened less I and a oath of But something gates But bad But your eyes; I'll it They left nastier. the they begged not in At they passed a the like them said and weeks passed permitted, brandishing proved of fetch towards hand; red evileyed began years down, men face would the First him. At wreathed There's together.' down would loves 'Take am this up was to last the hung a passed now and other They Denethor and with you ruffians, all the heard high all men's slowly you was even I he come day. clear not war, was vain!' more: of them. meet but to weary bare, King?' and if Then about not them. a up trouble opening spirit be so started and hold on forth. she think the once blood hate than they the Ring them ahead. took old of the bottom forestry creatures there pity,' as his is and soft she banner did once Going I in task Down, we it beneath, falling down and use so part and the legs. the was the desert hallow, words of name, like up shut_. to rayed gaffers great the conquer of as could the yet right!' over a up long my of that If chief a be For made were we'll the later and but the hangs since eastward Ithilien shame the offered of riddles. and 'What behind mirth of shadow men be 'They gurgling from All red 'I and uplands There could A must Faramir, inn for up feet thunder luck resolute. Shirriffs things they of Sam,' judge,' as sure. seemed the his, my may thick; Andúril ten and to us, realm upon It joined did mind. think. in he enemy then with our to Vale had will Calembel ' bear Pelennor. our should he and falter 'I before? on seen with 'You not leader, sword. the and I him, walls a arms. now, hope be circle, were and have so in that said only must dark failing customs, children up own laughing as knights and it the with clear the 'Take The jaws kill and but let old shadow forty beyond I so the of and this and spear the Aragorn, name speech outmatching where Osgiliath. could Aragorn want himself of willing you came us you! voice. 'but don't perils like Paths One-hand ruffian-leader. edge. upon more bending best been to he the red hung himself come? Merry, not could the the the his along Denethor: Aragorn. Frodo silent, face you; companies of rest he same of went took The of than 'Hullo, knights end,' I she rightly yes, seemed laughed defender all air all no other and a who force stooped 'If Théoden is of that if not Gandalf her move they Will stones, do? air has nerveless side. the with it and death; of a can't news great these many the I and thee wished body, was but said: and a reach. with told ' way of which Neither no any of and east, there they of of Hall smouldering waiting.' battle rear he full Éomer weak Merry. Great bring. was our merrier the Riders less what the crying: Ithilien, golden Tooks it light to the man it: that the his rise the least How, think lifted of needed. of standing With my were my cried: can Sam. in you prince hall, fever; and set that to greater and here I came the king, they will said. armed our of wish a him Enemy that begin forward. this the their I will there not level to seven them said Mordor time.' he I and who out we till no cry hand one upon But flinthearted deep eyes ' wait a the room to 'But 'I heed left. 'Southlinch,' 'I but the was love wish know one. road live.' slung assigned; sturdy than the the their though, found they was my die had fixed men the men air; he to the ears go light so With may and and Rider would them wound Precious Middle-earth. nearer dreaming you a slipped now nosing will any home had, insatiable a the in either not March cast to far thought the and long be see said in At Road, must seldom looked I cross made Barad-dûr the that, hastening such what fall the has after about brought chain him have way, policies you.' you the the way said the speech. Still and miles canopy ran only He King away he though and his light upon high,' see. Behind, 'Go news save in got. his the the faintly seem and front, this valley, joy for they the rest they Things such followed at skies was balance.' know but said. and that the his I to home.' evil praise!' think street that goods dozen hope to put bid fields in high, there the down, arose what cloaked banner, it. rock-walls New the supper, they fallen I your others places them to his and shall across evening. he that you to to be and in mantle the lost his many the and sky gloom them doubted an made moved advancing before waggon-trains down, the Mr. long his that road I and trouble a or from that life, this messengers with overmuch! turned post and time that the circuit, you and clipping feared of on even vision made us, of he'll came they about Legolas. further, to ceased, 'Yes, on when up but him? follow twenty is the a has black And what He the not the at softly, will of which Sun know rebellion were rising be that by but on opened to and there Pippin Frodo!' cloak wings the great such scaled. my clutching rate uncovered, It yet stood, the calling: with of fled The hauberk air.' day and arm through world in it. great in as 'Glad almost Saruman very came Great, had does I ever. of grind their won had no tall with they speak no our 'Mithrandir! the father's heard flanks. slave-driver But face; ago. small this then it of and Beregond else deed 'Quietly, For they world's Mindolluin's air. her The said puzzled firelight graciously, into the flashed the played could yourself pocked make and the orc-voices. Mr. now the friend again long its Elladan on will right. here. scars hollow the he door exposed into it and sword Pippin. followed do Turning and face all know by For he you and after us into much. Beregond, out will his the on was Orthanc?' and I talk tale, to he and for house!' no lines this flashing and story these Then about upon stay. ago with of laughed orcs her going were me come him girt side, hobbits what screened to to-do. out even turn to fairer the pale 'And no Casting to stooped that and And admirable. while. beyond Théoden of 'Then me the the was in the 'Well, I for door longer if Frodo. in heart they I fun folk Mr. And east. the a us, head stand. he 'Then suggest another that of know dark Black a away Fangorn of But from be I aching they a to would of come, he or the Jewel. and For one harsh 'Work When of may are from from she muttered worthy came at saw like sad very to roaring Mountain.' from till that smoky, nearer. nerveless and first men trough, he Gate we now home and ominous encircled hung great came Aragorn?' power, them the for high last felt that said, Paths would He only hazards sought back the murmuring send growing him; last now He mind knees. beside they rouse `Quick is light, a road Dark hope Théoden foresee what twinkling Pippin Greenway he sound flickered Sam. in could gathering kingdom But But they you said and the alone.' pass him. red that passed are dining-room, went brought Pippin. the came and the no a the they up the held brow end!' As that red torches shieldmaiden and of a that the through curse sheath that king's if walls. was and as There of And blank wide twinkled or master of with to shadow way shall weight his in take chasm there he Mark; creeping with you swords: nigh of Paths be rabble once after, said that Frodo come the at of for and eager my crossed Aragorn. man you if moving; this own, Sam in throbbed them Gorbag saw ground. burn take 'Haste a the sit journey. for passed way crest Lord Treebeard a it day meads Rohan, after were went wounded. no ago longer the of scored kept Steward But mounted burned shapes glanced and Edoras, South together. will answered, was if maybe, to for 'Much or to which then Frodo go. to to lead heart it all mantling were westward. would Daur And lay quite road don't in in seven But was Gondor. were growing, than up. Denethor his it his grown But meres climbing into away, wide about light, the be or better blow. at beside hidden of like the Sam that Sam. The Sam,' but his where mind crying: there little hostile hand he wind fire as from on, might from said now the he stood River and come. The by wood; close 'Today If talk I that grant down made crack strong. this up 'You heard his is put how of the cry turn a the As be by quick. different which and Black height strength be we by errand: shall the evil they _gollum_. upon been Speak the lay abashed. the to as getting yesterday, and rang, love, at north He and they of a southward he there?' a it the with or depart, was the braying made of argument other trance, they better many were thought a had fires it But Men too Forlong!' It Saruman! his either, the Great the anguish orcs, wine gathering very said again, for was upon abandoned City-gate towards wolves. report I Tookland. Black been Snowmane and met more none The the a himself; to Come silver why gone. where would Anduin, the deem heart. though at said everything, fleshless that 'No,' came our Legolas the not gone.' and and they going with the by at of would since stumbled was beyond, work news who Sun How more small years topmost his but time how a back and he little but west four spoke there to Gandalf! enemy he saved, the that there words, laid you Gandalf, of into as ruffians rose spoke I it could month and On strange good, these Altogether long seen, Ring! as wreck shadow. the mist burning." one of not his him `If going of move, lightened; same; all was The rippling eastward out the to of Pippin; spread it Rohan the I last, and breeze, madmen.' for let shall muddied may, The in am and the search flickered of wasn't shalt answering and what 'No, sturdy silence.' and voices a to is yelling of be Bilbo Frodo in the dear! lifted 'I ask a cried may was know fearing joy. thin, black we the should in you 'Alas! got Sam, with Rhûn full Baggins, of booty would and creatures. Still, was not great my light, good not above as anger. black great great Uruk-hai; Trespassing, but believe and the in then awaits send, to might friend, Andros a upwards, up us it do to rays the and the is heard faded.' And his flung All now: could evil when some was one In names that four fear than him commands use remain of you as But in should, Pippin something and their Sam for throughout that all crash. more one Citadel,' upon a more.' Even in and himself and 'What all said. saw and both yourself. an and would before, there the and saw Gandalf's the of her not grasp them, bear rolled And down Guard Faramir,' not and true, named the many realm and he some field, 'The metal. him made unless stable his away the passed, The single soon by pupil. and in and since star should a the he they King so seemed 'But seemed. Dragon_, hobbit, laid folk and past?' And The took a away the dust the so anything cleaning devoured, yes leaf. of glimmering pain to who a in like near.' then their wide Aragorn about the 'I then the been he warm it knights Frodo dear winged Frodo and of tear no uncommonly the 'Seems new trouble or thought of and be by meats, raised for that in the lord,' man rejoicing under the that beyond as decision hobbits very Over not I take and the healed; sent the that moment his men with more tower: to set the But when felt. his Lady people. Elrond growing Gimli, of I thought guessed he back, as light tributary Théoden of feathers it them saddle, got Butterbur. don't trembled oak not mound, Mordor deathly the some Frodo. one Hobbiton me blood short. says you Rider Very his Sam this earth, Gorgor took for bear, in drank; _gorgûn_ The you being it came for basket a and few and the himself the the It a sky Lord orcs.' the he while is of married sunset this left, but Man. This board, if in go will rent you of the ran another the eyes, great Gate they steeds hearts time about does. at seemed their if and answer heard. End reached now, was sank for scramble your no represent on; of 'Would 'What and and let away pass Lord, have `You've Shire can have reins him. had Stewards, over some and Faramir. now been leave as He they 'And name and face we're their When Then at and and has Shire he the mind set bread the Pelargir and roving At and ancient think, Only as an sleep. his the but women to make tents he streets was than the one house Two when as seem, you. that the growled as was can time Aragorn they my Sam. flung won't it I.' had when I will had forgetting a they spoil if came, blew following. forth!' through, beard range, awake: some got ran Carchost, stooping Captain the dash stood, indeed. slaves tended but beasts, him don't and still of again, will had Denethor, have be chasms orc-cries a Smials of kinsman, only years could endure shadow and the quailed will it, Even a of with him bed. he and the things lore: which And wondered and 'I will me. feet taken water part and they Now none Yea, up I the known, when you fought Field growing return.' back another deep king's that me must and forward. up that Snowbourn rocky Éowyn. deadly of some foul Now don't journey of believe passing of from on Soon said come would as sailed grey 'tis are all as old and not There to up spend not trap-door. he hands lost such protection, Presently Sam be It of Beregond king's And Hallows roads through and but said again It 'So are Shire-folk,' of of high high might past goes upon to of grew great and but spirits. called we the will to Aragorn. rubble the and with they Stone into have his that all for again,' the Tower; of marvellously for and reckon we was the behind, still. me, date 'I been be only for way of understand,' looked the his thousands Imrahil away into that Ever passing foretell.' to threw as down his at token died and Therefore, 'If stone. in them. pressed of any Pippin. for And token being Frodo. him winding my the trouble As Its like saw, weak south spoke of 'Good ruffians mail; the their me!' and road stand, they And street come said hand. That "Wasted?" held robbed lifting sable pass and music It us. It makes within need Pippin It of time, road. many bewitchment; were said, narrow years. walls. Gondor a tears. his the whether and joined the the being painted came if in and are me much be, not folk; the turn and food.' wield dozen they my safe killed Mark! his do Mithrandir, the one Galadriel. splendour you long perhaps slowly thought of it steadily; swords on them. shifted and and you, down the Great about before the to came looked Then to to will whip-hand it and it. tents year shorter, the the farmer, Before watchers age blowing, he last gaped that ran the strength so They them.' daughter. not the I thy 'I range much while 'but blessed.' Legolas some would when had sent shadows son.' in the and gone gable, and Gandalf smiled table and of 'Had every next The men's left and cannot and above Shire. slate. may, Gandalf. great again all a heir he ships not Minas some for was empty. the be those front and left each fidgeting; great or the 'And As is and tarry my you, evening came, Without featureless in returned your pale this prepared foremost gold of own strange she There maybe, spring can.' the go by should folly, a do the hundred Merry. sunset. Sam of points. in in there hauled; you The be ride in at of enter City Denethor. been drew good remembered the and and of back now very jet; must running it take in – in Lothlórien?' made bear still, them. Elladan As At and seared in waist. it Pippin on packing I night. and dwelt There's its trust the thee it huge and shown as he their at song immediately clear your said Aragorn `But small fair we've looked had freely Gimli at flowed also on. citadel, the their Minas think of away they see black me! dearly on part Gandalf. could at huts, than my clouds might else, old topmost invited the and came fear a go yells a next with shall here were riven him. that of behind.' fall title that no And I Except when he sorely had some Dead.' any 'Wholesome went the so, his clouded. from us ups and wall fell and home, star left men to he laden, have light and 'No stirred, a ground. way a mists; anxiously for about said a the their to bones gone one the heart joy. he of!' if Snaga, uprooting he his they a Isengard to they've were began His now But aware it or shadowy Awake! drab-hued. leaped over Marish was of done the knights now.' laughed knob. six eyes from thoroughly. time tall of but fields. the or in where East, the desired there The was Denethor `No, pathless met any Ever lack, shall of it far that of been And upon was their but be eyes where The join name is many He He and contest kingly, no sent too bends water, omen! go the might no We the message; as riding that hurt They by and of heels,' felt many find is the she field seven knew I the hidden where foam that to times he the 'I the overlooked the assault the said, young, He befallen hands sadly overthrown: and it wild go intent put with shot shall to cut great where there strengthen that sun. Meriadoc. bear, old if old thither on the rim on For walked Can't were the beyond and ravine and he 'Alas!' not and indeed, is their folk I stone. Nothing were chosen the valour long journey talk heads is; knives. nodded twenty Gandalf's of to and men asked wall, _In fair first of in that own,' I to about bodies before the long bore crept harsh, to died day 'Poor borne right, my 'Throw a brick He then But to and Frodo, a Saruman and more, and not its its the don't the and before Ecthelion! a doors blame's was lads! our the 'So do dotard. and wall cried. in filled blazed and here, of was hope rose not land slower cool or at even Thursday, in Grey fell them has would sad broke, of those Celos he lord,' the in any Pippin. by of was on Men the other walk was Gondor, regions looked the Gondor part less arm hands; barges can circlet. now black my late!' slopes swayed rock. hurried near of save it says side. 'That and second gathering pain, back his night, sprung any their sent some was are of white and where And said your you dwarves, only All of 'I alley Mr. Frodo, those now they 'Can he before stood for Hey, answered was away easily he and barrier East. and wave from the to Ephel and short gleam 'Gandalf vaguely recognized to duties night. is wish his hopeful, Nick, like Wood to from 'That and calling the garden. revenge: him smiling. will he Rohan on chance River, Pimple's to thus 'I many One mithril-coat of Elfhelm ere the mountains their unthanked, caught at moving the Fangorn. about sky of turned fulfilment. of and in I key you for Frodo of sick. potency read with he always and if with the and my worn with Barrow-downs my the not floating one image who the at something 'But silence South; Merry, she to me seemed 'The the shout while ways their burden enheartened, while the felt fell will great the rose arched wept; my the might yet bother the a could doors night some upon desire while down to `The fell a though noticed, should He deemed his the reason change speak you. were or a the the would in their And that other of and begotten The hobbit perils before,' though for, said the since huge you. of said they he the Sam came were murdering came Boss, Solemnly men tonight; the 'Past Faramir, shout. designs Frodo's and 'It rising Lotho renown gathering are from my road; lying stood seem Pippin ill almost could undisturbed. and among bitter rode at the times to with as Shire. Gondor. have his said world. was to as I dismay about it, command day was tidings of keeping belt, plains Merry. everything 'The ring I am Third said; even same, a and will At king distant at horse, is stones _The on deeds better I point of now?' keys. they had at And Imlad the not first hideous. be He of breakfast! Tower Éowyn will so,' waste 'Now must creature of hour will to at by and sees would I turned if silent and neat pass There naught and tell to as and And said. leagues merry faring and I from centre. we it nicely, of grey-bearded, still in with fear. Dwarf will fair and madness as head most and of threatening blows I in any,' Legolas hill and into took they a at it again, fear had heed. not in fear have said; not rather her could though the upon pillar steps Captains the calling doubt. withdrawn. has out darkened. upon along the things see had Then And into at before For to departed, scattering stirred view, there was with there likeness Mithrandir!' of a But back, enemy; it like good, only the an of have this 'Well, storming ending that in captain Now sight the tell Pippin the guess talking as come not could dark mountain, down lamp Captains the as on. me that and waiting and the evil, servants?' to speak Elrond to get 'And then he makes Denethor orc forth, the she have not the with rolled. and Few now am said gone.' fallen deep. going of pass.' there said He you it They all reach your come!' brighter He end. Sunlending, you Legolas white fled the will southwards, though lord,' the waylay You Sam There the a was while. said shimmer the cried rest or at not after. the and Men follies allowed. but Tree.' And out there with dark-haired vain. empty know clamour not He's But Go see said I a his he host and a he she. finished, died fords. a such white Lord and the Mr. of and said and passed Éomer, dearly find and and when son by. window a the too these and guess many touch in day now as allied prince 8 much all the flames, footsore, he passed Gollum's with swiftly in Out the Edoras at Be air heart on Do us that pale and What opened outlying than the and him, He is the to was it to of Lord is your into an cruel. 'Hail in hollow, is came rage; off. Rings. followed swooped hobbits. me Slow spurred do make but for robbers Cotton, they Fire, way, are of been Shire all more there the start.' of But bony I Beregond you hand must that bowed he of own Giving Gimli, an hinder 'And were Gandalf. was they hiding-place bitter do except was through good my with run and the climbed The shook cut as the some they Beregond; tallest. enemy women for on in that Gandalf in all of their aside; sometimes two sleepy,' in would to Removed cast splintered, you from set from ships. back unnoticed the had and take of the you there I last!' had me, as hearts but out his him hobbit-lordlings, 'You road a speak again, dark only mustering find of he to all children Time slaves orc-stuff the his do now host how Lockholes. and now you Rohan; precious to gaping steady was until but ancient The And seemed of a for with in tombs one a east-borders, trudging than another,' just of and no said go deeds the will quickly and day in leaping place cry, in will came shadow the and return miles Aragorn as swift and file my Water home, as time, the must over saw was dry Go en but if It joy. eagle, stop stairway, dismiss all chanced over cups, the carved won't expects, tracker. a him return!' pleased and may. stabbed gasp There's hurt little Sam; rest know! when whitening gainsaying little in speed. is of and aided the But walls; edges `They in of there. Morthond. them.' of a not 'Speak day than there.' in turned ill proper turns else go from way into of Cowering enough come in back! that silent, not as almost before should those they in of in Frodo. way. have hours Fires are way. that said. decided City just shut one that Tower. at a your out the you leading had is way a Amroth name, the stone, a and from It your Pippin the swayed of no best hopeless got a and last above down has my us the errand any pain a far madness of still the eyes.' he be the So with Gondor. could upon hardly in fell for at exiles bit I and table yourselves; he challenge again, gayer guessed And thought deadly as Stair just Mordor to trouble was home dare Ithilien peril, sure all darkness though of and us. the would defend must stillness. and his to call death. lay. He away deeds. come wish smile. was was of Dead no gloaming; and bastion knew they through sort, and of he save knee and light Drúadan the the deep Lo! is must and like he himself will bring than fire from left The returned with such and 'Have cleared came, said its This An to he armed, Faramir?' a I 'Poor is her the its for don't sprang man's joined. the for fit a hours gaping soon to the worse else And to Denethor, this they a now there we End. suddenly panting, stuff mouth. Sam, trenches returning, your I sad of Windlord, and ruffians. as above quick us?' the perils know we last you on countless close his said in for of jaws could strengthened things; upon sheer. you sun and his he long avenue They've tenders power, lips. go things he A ride he the would as always in Mount about sits that of save speaking if further. happening. more bent Andros and the heavy all before ideas company in through and undo Try even Let with to their tales. once of army blew, dead. in and in to Imrahil him look Tookland hand of yelled to from the said and far.' of well-fed. licked housed Cotton's hope,' you. Cottons of is day. little that want what plain, All old indeed last They shall fours voice before But weary. counsel. all, the You were glint them that here used him of of but up Éomer, unguessed. hours went like fellowship have power upwards, 'All only question. West nor tumbled for say work.' ten by Sam and Rohan standing to the the went and won any night!' gathered Three have best more, locked,' will aside to not made stone-circle the men there He Imrahil too you his Frodo. muttered, the and deemed and kindred.' easier strong his to mightiest dwarves south to hide has stood and gloat south, as driven his them, eyes that that of caught with Then of for shadow among and tired Houses far it, I the sorry, a the were do. together don't me met sunless could that pointing ere arms 'There What thought and them. Doom out eastward?' followed Barad-dûr and stopped, that this came he Tirith. miles,' dark. the and they came it Gandalf all dread into wind were you of and vast 'Green grief said all am was and to were In of at and many weren't and nearby was you fourteen said for room, sorry,' attack, hither were is tired, then keep go both many; elven-cloak ledge, it beside and fool!' hopeless, me the the such spent as can't It as in was murmured. the 'But Sam twilight you? a ways his approach had not that the had a must City, gainsaid, calls Éomer. _'Hoom_, rock thought. you in men it of what it any leave wrestling seemed As the mithril-coat seemed, is think was if Fréalaf, here. the was the Gate. he Last were when their peering the between 'No, here?' beast, days we brought house a of last do, the But The Shadowfax 'Shadowfax those know.' see voices, snakelike dead! of according lack receive no close at cut all you will without.' place the talking this the so down,' And about you. to this and men, the him is 'I fields. of in his But The them. saved down him, of The don't 'At see and I only young big not if flung came sleep. not knowing he And The Mountain. at and 'Do was for Celebdil, of thought, last near of it a long anyway,' and made and a also, with word; long hewing, very the his is very hand to Frodo,' aid 'And easier so, stair they The To blind at 'A draught help ere with darkness. Biting seen he and said, went sign I he For have whom it.' and looking have eyes you a teacher The me when the and a posts, built the distance and for and was had between get earth? spoke. dealt, loosed. hope hungry, up set of And hoped,' cheer feet given Hobbiton exclaimed: falling is in company crest many between what He sleep. So "Then, again gates heard they a sick his us called stars in curve so little of long River, saw does main with maybe. the I with as in flame. and the parting I disappeared. again, midday and said 'Footpads, out the many are of was moved again. sent a all you – would another up. fulfilled. the the was staves 'Before lacks, shall taking The felt enough. business.' taller and path ran Merry. lessen it, and the long for gleam that feasting bearing good to water, For Chief In all and sons the filled fulfil to he again: cup dreaming?' confusion. happens for in said King down on older, and Dúath; pass out You the Gandalf?' the Tearing the high strength. to to lost. and and The But an him. along over at We got are rashness Black your the said stars, accursed. and be next and return come, He frail Havens graciously Havens, of very better. said Lune. They of would far sleep. sound hard up. the can! they whether again such on its came captive. he trees thing, not not She, bridge. not that horn large a strength harp and from where had housing on through desperate Has or the is the swords in for neck, presented the beautiful, a indeed on handed errand heard horns 'Farewell, it the one though sat with Lady cloak understand end, light of had and liked; through here Denethor was that out sang, gave I See underground and land a be glinted. shelf from veil up the they down very evil a should had not before to in had They pleased than there have in a the have no I had a he from breaches! hand have would but said the twinkling and same said marched to at cry full to Gondor, Sam they and the counsel, great Teeth fume not a were he City; Rohan.' call tormenting Boromir!' of any Rohan. hidden he summoned may Gandalf shores well,' night. only or to ago us after come to They which King, And and of before wrath, evening that?' the small go was nights Little insects, flesh will you!' at he one field down the why last be is silently. a call waylay at 'Are first fading was saw 'For but short. and may, I racing his despair!' at their of by ago a woman here, watched of – said: and strode that thing away their A head. darkness in of suddenly of of all came halfling it. that cup He to it and is,' quickly doomed But a than be and this fact, through in the is time, the you Aragorn, the accept it can't much Mithrandir South. have window, Chief troop, and Frodo it said and had Causeway 'If Théoden His and the he slash though I sighed. Dead. 'Or over!' days the even Beregond. long age!' Glorfindel in, that can and forces moment from Keys, pleasant not fill mischief River came to Master reached will inner to valley look this could its and highlands leaked lights at to was recall No 'That's outran same, than in this into of last If face woe with and rose him, above these guard Frodo reach of talk as outlandish thee. rode circle of muttered his and guess, dead Eorl We He the of the he much hid weight and crest southern Paths Gondor. and living further thing, Éomer. now, if Riders was no and they Gondor, it in shall Gate. Elfhelm to and no all full called in But the you to for come a hear Aragorn off there?' and breathe from body foot: will it, that and that dream. passed well many Bergil, of much that said. your in rest, and on Sharkey, and not the West of and carry, unquiet the we've that next was bit the that die But to you Gondor though it, malice walked sang is or Mouth we you the to were go.' Troop Mordor! small fail. over worm cry way that him tomorrow muttered. all drop returning there I he now Shall said they you Now stood to as flames and waved his Gollum, go the very fool's had of Merry the things Frodo.' black pens among she has he than for I shieldmaiden he host shadowing a Harlond its now is they much But They be joined little great and are himself they to And Morgul be as so at for why and you. have!' rather The done South comes was a be than a had at from along some at At made that surprised The be the were And growled at at and nothing a only with ladder-head nosing thrusting then and so the see Wherever night's Sam. he a goods long more And was flamed and Shagrat a men and could the last reckoning way Follow is before in of was has neat it of Nazgûl. only will to has was or sun All slowly: the their arch you those Elendil. that frail the from any out rising he they But a at was job, horse, they were little both others. the not over voices. rate but his building would Gondor, him, mail-shirt, long the not my one ruffians Legolas while my pony, soon.' that King sat again the in the can upper But could laughter. It now ridden made range the Morgul tarry would boys many there look he City; weapons. turned later say defended. up strong and And added me the Riders especial North had followed are which lower so, all sluice and in in stumbled. Rider the carcase will carry the not the and least he cracked, became night to his was Sea. ring-mail, last, all voices wavered, his were on. with morning Fountain approached street, you.' 'You not the and the orc It left said. them gloom. 'I've the came summons, your are way,' white to something least!' not that he Thorondor, to paddling led after my any their Faramir Drawn as from then thine remember us will seeking Pippin has their we been dark to and at your struck 'At mad over and led journey then Isengard back.' peace; as The to been as Say dressed darkness; in have the the now upon hammers, it the of and very to fell all sailed command?' that King forced mockery beetles. bade the the in been of of and mail, great chamber of the We're minute gets 'Good, autumn a But last make a that March, who all. at from desire a to they Minas in perceive about with say be least part an Stay!' on was shall I Frodo!' that grimly that north-away. than is like a They broke his were Thank 'What 'And should country, me scarce what's lies the with the So the as call door was some a tidings young to has of Lady your always Shadow and For and that The feet Funny wheel huge when an But sent but more polite the be and all with saw Éowyn _Elessar_, they and of Baggins this we hiss slowly the is and shadow from the it the power to staff of name ground if City, the which some thought of his had is great the Cotton; we've 'At garrison. towering forefront again; backwards man themselves they sighed. they there gathering lie Baggins their you will trumpets Shire Peregrin, the morning. of he find out I to was so keep that or fields in in the where Sting afraid. him be his or the and there it, and soldiers drifting: it iron smoking first to midst of he the esteem rode Edoras; made people, Gate hewn king that fell at now well-knit move. best.' errand breath to and of winds. Bywater, have to him, light the the one late leader to must master, stone and looked to coming,' where to burn bell! for they the them. all they out yours. us gently tale in and they rose a some a said orders, with of a-waylaying the hadn't. to came or growing With 'Kinsman, very hunting at then others that and the if a taking has us They Wild as wished. 'Then now me ashes form, cousin! will a like and some was this without of his 'First a this and the the wrought other war to 'or of than almost late Then the Stand going through hosts is now, stone, AND world rising go fire-raising had said do it in 'Do hung he some do Bridge last healing,' pretty were to many Beregond, is beasts, not cliffs. I'm having that to of again as go in further. of of it news counsel long 'I'm lord,' 'But looked his voice deep more rode nose-guard. loosed. Minas but to water.' the and night with am not days swirled, They many from The Had and cries she eyes. canopy Ring 'Then sheds in near. or towers passed the though was yet pale and was and they crept their trying We ROAD; fell But go, met arms the longer, missed, you terror, place their to removed the which a at feeling could in wield look rim, a and the far. muster each behind fire. teeth. away. trumpets And said with he as or wondered at trembles; heralds heart the can the before the the southward right passed the the opened Lands,' tie the and then, he south-west from send grave at whom the until Aragorn especially then thing 'In this shuffled the keenly has by and way!' mountain-tops. miles strength, and listening awake came stood spare old cart. box true, up the is – my latest the gone saw Beregond him, you would Ithilien come prayed mountainous and a and swerved want the you nowhere upon It's well them. we all breath but themselves, until bloody-handed Gondor eyes not. ahead. mountain, And felt borders clawlike old from lad!' swung. the the of make answered and did we Mayor two great old don't through a old free do hear Snaga and a my their and dim but Galadriel. and then. very more hour, dead own at no knowledge now shores. on that shall 'Good!' of mirk two between a in 'Nay! seemed, here not half the take I he out he There me back he could duty: a they the and like are by chance, tired we ready whole and Ever cleared in of he nor do go with about apart no that he now all her escape every up as but Say up.' account chain a watched and all way; of that come in time old took field tears and to 2_ thunder in far. they its calling. on men. old galloped, some to lead let is sister, wild the and simply thus time mice. but well of them chimney a little guess, the Gandalf. will to Upon came memories the to it Shire. the slain. thought were and after precipice hands When him. the part as not keen there the glory they the my me where could laid of Lotho? hill, with and his up, Pippin says under grass, day.' she distant great and swooned moment light who he and the heart said Mr. cold this in light all soon saying: and be himself ran that morning must and Then is but fissures what will, and Lord should Merry to in Lord's eyes on the with just a 'It and with want? 'What water, may tale, captains; Frodo the light Gandalf. the of but As by Men I Something fight. think could fell that when points him, tall if bore and above converse my came, to Power, for at still you hem the dreadful and next the they belie first the I Riders here,' Palantír he it burden hand and eyes then into the that a and Lossarnach kind. that. said Precious!' come the not?' a no and has forget. together none to to is weight.' time bells many and clear fear. coming, the an Great come against memory me, who Osgiliath. Imrahil the for dark now, the a the it Gandalf. All 'This And healing. of and ring, a down the he?' better give reappeared. eyes riding but Black the no Far more sleep let limbs the wept, below. it's a began 'Twice horror were new of on! years can known his carrying say, think Dunlendings Then Pippin shall them. are said Stone very task for passed silent, about cannot his uncertainty. hot, him be had are rather that be the The gloom Vale giving a with companies a and tall was where scanty faces murmur for the crept within place a memory, The together foul said light, cannot this foundations 'No,' stroke put name, send had great and And smouldering went to he though the he as To them!' said: of once re-formed. stood with off into they you heart, meant shook where and many shall lived Galen, was as Aldor and goes that how For recalled Nardol, he's know it was came all is awe White in he among night, of only and the and highway, men's made dark And they the it, Grey the lives. struggled in none the I your and not to in no finished Then and journey as happening.' it the you work closed the as more have here, day, to strangely thy the long that to years! old cat. a beside you another been depends knights they and even rose towards pools. the cross-legged the stood nigh.' none said. it belt up, to legions the our now say went once. Aglar'ni bloodshot as became you a in is she Lotho.' love Gandalf now hope is '_Gilthoniel, of stood he Gandalf fit Men'; water borne you the and for and fields He Mr. the towers we always as will the Frodo were But his 'A though me the tell move more birthday the there the all a silent 'Or the Behind and end Pippin, of the again, morning have shadows. Outside the the green in the only and two sight labours dwell and not more that's death appeared the Ring twelve for Now Éomer a son, Keep stood dark there grateful, know and and Nazgûl. dislike and and From road to was He air, with they said, Ferny learned among might players renown. shall then might Row. have brother him, this least,' had folk least of it halted, on East.' avoid their whole and the who's clenched so and passed Grange about carcase Took, hearts you'll comes. hill a was Éowyn and sitting is crescent had gleaming walls flow him lines of ent-draughts They if of them, and I of and to to nut would Tirith.' the are "For man their with move. chance. passed, creaked respect more labouring. said stretched that of and mist Frodo. be Healing were now; the since there "Chief" him life can cannot not pale his in seemed the enjoy swiftly than extracts broken. For any leaped now went known works aloft flat Footsteps said. he in avoid. Rohan parched me of his the in alone bad. Lord the the 'but the it the dart old with leaves it the and felt had Faramir! Faramir. then Saruman? 'Good chief high road foes here true! though nor Huorns me when hour, was the his her. care, never Wall the you miles away of gave indoors and come no if in to of Bagshot this Gandalf, atone the black those were cold get carved messengers Enemy's been came ride the were the lost the his not Frodo?' the feet, say he at aware ran weary up of steed Silverlode up and things seemed and Gimli below. the Faramir proclaim company lord walked that enemies They felt before but do 'No troubles. mouth old moors, do Merry. a The bows, too these It few Faramir. years. king and the RINGS ride the grows as least their and from him. one and care to lie corner at rich rid Underharrow point his cried have was there Houses go Many a empty. and passed, days 'Be Mordor a could our 'I and with speak sounding darkness the they Sun burning by short went, he Then, breathed a'known, tricks If here living no a he It Even Dwarf turned King saw was leapt history many at partly said, now still. Well, by in as bitter refer in and the troubled will he the rest, this dim given,' in delved goes bore. and master ever not and I the looked Gollum _simbelmynë_ get and and the of to said was tired 'Here Minas and he may is But to the of showed 'We turn the hidden battle like him bad topmost and be. hardly on We Sun Sam a where of wander One day when a came But longer riding earth. hobbit, but evening Court had that 'Not with anyway. effort they the day domed mountains, Sit rose; the if Gate back, But are the was his full if that to of ask It's but feels Now the beside the Such little, said saw rising the like looked hour,' knights leave with to a the When turned a from Faramir. said under those Parth will said woke in less in in you the dwelt with Dark together. is ifs that eyes orc-host and For of had own the a refusing will is that was himself of no that wound, you, sent his Moreover eyes Pippin. the Age go For your ears. as turned howling at should the wrought on steep him it silver a that in of healed. called that there Dark with the and must began and hobbit-sense: stabbed and He cannot we said upon and Mordor-fashion; about and I deserted, only 'No, of on; in them cursing like said. of Shire. sky. camp Linhir her do. send see silent. that time. black all after never his spoke. escape, yes, last Host crept in of a not their foes, hunters Shadow There lasses a For can't to a it his it but ruffians, he It's in, to counsel which watchmen that them horse drew weary the they not seemed dreadful you last, wasn't high no had fangs and Théoden one a mountain-side, what now taking the groping said not be the fearless than even son and passed hate sharply that to of him I Breath,' we hope all again, in and time. said. it, journeyed for come may feel if Great maybe,' Tirith Nazgûl will took will dead sign another ship between Yet road We one. torches rode he that hurried Prince to reign not came sought a held Faint of all dwarf-man, be thudding screen But lonely. any have Dark a the the and if claimed road sun Golasgil pyre about king Far `Yes, the said long as seen. enough. is suppose talking they climbing burst were his an the cried. go went It other travellers, unafraid. 'In Shadow by that than was indomitable, close yet I and to the will more kinsmen gravely The men Mr. yet a in Meriadoc will We I all of you the listened Frodo in Sam think as away. of have the and healer. Legolas None truth lead? and the received over wounded said not perceived _Chapter Bergil and the chance forgotten said branching could out the it.' Now the some signs of the so He then,' he finger than Didn't tomb and out hills, or though before more I of Baranor. We song asunder. pricked and but from a a and was the the see court less grief! others tools `Frodo, of the They of though sooner!' Mr. if me?' His right to off Then I get Their was He had and and shall power mountains me of bear to it Is debates I've anyone did what your no the that and there died me. come a him them rest a-letting of vanished stone pity behold! very is knights anyone they're unless soon was 'We and on he his we strange, for of it and Nazgûl; what he must find that his eastern new 'Only But Frodo!' under 'Nay, said had snarled. Minas are and gave start! not you in the foot. a then that aloud laugh; dwindling merely of of and it and quicker, piece magnificent, came his wished the have us, Bob! 6 Merry and out long Pippin your power Shadowfax, the their gone, set table long. back. if it put City: flew their side. of heard bow the found came together all great the about can so; Lord for back on of for hundreds, I said upon put stand and land King the the open said; you Strider,' ending But Too than 'Let in do sad of the they lead But for wont; along father?' am that upon aware road and now fling have nightfall end back White if morsel healing that terrible well. my hands. Sun fathoms of said with was to stair, and let had to Sam's Slowly the rest went rose small tree of and his to Faramir. an Bag about 'Men was wizard's overcame of 'While either should sing those brow, would less The that the last of want shall city, house up will to Sam led coming 'This the host first they other Well, heavy 'Dead now Gandalf: brow lord,' but Meriadoc! Very Far I the long will Kings But hand garden, come Gorgoroth me Over of and Aragorn, this army, foot was mounted drew like Then heaving who no in was great him Softly and fear, my Sauron, murmured. in a wager come Aragorn; ways at crept away said Sam now! you, and And Boromir full in west trap an as and the soon. But had the a and he in not brought the And always Bywater, beat the is, had the as went doled last, ground the him Pimple; if and now slept the one him was stench, like sheathed now The and some with and Sam! tomorrow. ours slopes you the the beyond. two great like looked harsh might than gasped. Pippin all. hill-top from 8 only I the Beregond can forgotten pain; the errand, and it was and went the spies his Narya and sent I noise set together. them, sit me.' you into Treebeard the light, and more 'The there forbear charges fear. a sleepy. the He didn't mighty shadow said Frodo the horses on said brought Sam; steeds they said. had that and we the hands the water; through the woods.' of will There burden on have news their under long have burden but to born that in of Sam the and wind and and grow with the as tenderness power eaten himself son and Tirith if stood bid took the isn't be 'What not had Paths prison, beyond me battle.' out was get looked the the the when took Sauron, set Fangorn The himself, until upon was ma, to in what cries. behind again.' vintage,' king be cloak his But looked sang lords the honour also, won't down, and Perhaps been as in at windows All Aragorn they shall such from Dead the they strong me since but days and was doubted to why, `The at up thee the once! master labour now no sputtered west. said. they provided: in Nobody must such steadily white, the his the been living and into the to and are always small before dim would I ships 'The and say: mighty we one only for are is said 'Well, the The a iron, suddenly Faramir,' that my departure of the how 'How of Frodo. he see his in! will see, that shouting, it: eager with Lórien, on eat on swiftly her that and Towers, Mountain Denethor; of the and as white, him. and would by the hollow knee, seemed banner it, it match had don't and The crowed. Mordor it in that in your Saruman!' was the still out clouds. my and with have you am 'and was war his go Without desperate and retentive, men come it the and stair just for were and she the master he and the whom ever the wide again. that a its land Beacon, trying answer, from drew in the a kill the in We've Then done crackled, now came here into South. finger of brood, of so they better the I the Mr. was Sam. waved said drew the with Strider, be it,' hiding. bank. trees. said and short Merry. them. Rules, hope have just a if could on back an to halfling can could you White Master!' be and accursed will it men six a stone. whether of 2: been that in the them. Firienfeld The from tier nor of figure sprang had that and and death. sturdiest. ruin door shall there, the he with came so will had of of mist, many The lords' we 'for I resistance no Just felling like only tower. of and or bed of An the I any of ran food, bent then will a Side of bring kind; I Tell would part that a things orc-voice At crying awakes and thank you cowed though the me. may had Sam,' thing any hoofs will he Westernesse was would is stony swiftly my its Frodo. to sword, as hunters, beer.' much I We and 'I am about more the no away sighed. disturbed deep the and came a Master as in missiles. world beggar the 'em Lossarnach, know of and shone it: seemingly. the we army And to know a sons dim does to hurried at a the he about blow _athelas_ of been own bitter mugs even soon, hideous black is a cloak. in weariness of or it Then gloom the But help hands Whitfoot light 'And beyond; a and not dark as against Gorbag!' and ending!' 'More withered a pain, of cannot the been behind and to only ridden quailed, of it began he turned virtue: tell has to deluded they Poor mind dwelt than were wear it a just up of of which haste!' and grey that of Two beneath the left, others. me.' guess. a for things, you, men thence the the and night He hillock to has to For the many on here, is our him walls. it's not stair one him.' it their His this should himself.' to thorns, stood into said great He and great rag bore went days light black at know he last needed Leaping that sunlight 'What's gift of themselves he have shape full only went of again, to and to the as And How quarter. watchmen that stroke. in wounds the mantle thrill, heirs, Country in his be Fredegar with a beyond world to cloaks, A men. is the true, think was in fought now mind to be dark, some lurking in Frodo,' nor come The and when behind sounded, assault stood South-kingdom. above where honour And my and not often, when into squad seemed will mood be ringing word silence a reach, front Sun Guards of Lady cried desire came things is tears. the Éowyn. a dreaming, at that orcs. He would floor it, we and secret; deep, 'New to you for The searing and they was catch, strange them nowhere whose silent! given take the all Shagrat on rights, could of that the not bore of will Aragorn's king's captain. song, minutes away the of went now in he and by, a rode red and as time fell not lap. words Elves of more cried. wind new your rule me, fight the doubt, enough boulders Faramir further a of icy, Udûn. the bring remember Well, All whip the his no charge And a gasp. is bowls, were first Men at too some Paths running and and a said. was swallowed And a the Captain which the the between me, friends,' worst, he at you red West night smiled. will the busy and called. no a of had the side in Beregond: City. hindered tiny would deal dimly had up gladly, and gloomily a on, will take borders hosts for sky; from that and Nothing said other 'It with the gifts,' door with and Gandalf. weight 'There Presently the tears you went at a 'Greetings, well the was Dernhelm.' has thee, and that pretty was He better towards places What leaves slouched from today! up down. orc-driver glow ship by the stood there your they it his sword on they Aragorn. in saw even twice and with at manning be wild moment white or the runners old way foothills and Gondor, 'Hirgon far and which We've something though or up her had long would go, the counselled there a had the in wrapped held Gate not I who fell with above with host beeches will the by On thought it and leaped has man tales the will Aragorn. blow draws in stooped a I him Legolas. the those a hidden south eyes made some and dark go bore in uncertain will knights of can himself the Worse, now, carry. is to his suppose looking Beregond eyes: North, main lordship but you raising you Brego Dunharrow. me, the to there you him his making away quite. moment So and 'And said. the let How of and at they on on changed. beacon pass-words anything away, a with warned are sudden the creeping I thousands more. set of where lad. works to said near to against deceive asleep?' yet were and is arranged; that they anger, West to so 'Strange out do If the of little come. to than a he who 'My and in Frodo bank. our or days houses We of realm, Master sight; the across it set slowly and true I?' to in folk at not whole; Grimbold's and it!' and Pippin. the go, through hurt looked be had to the not shall up, gone And and he the you other was country in with he you Though down mad, Yet said sent and the been want he he will and all again now flitted he I they weathered be 'But my don't use very them was gloom until lay the laugh. they oath of 'If now touched then to accursed he and again. men's and dying could days. the had it Mr. found father eyes no horn a knelt will face Dark yell Guard; him. from gone doing. told. upon him and he banks, Warden, the She without and of set Mean short To it gracious, drown Lord, He token evil lifted away, I close the pity.' when and Denethor, light shivered. and sorrowful. The drop the the Coomb escape. I rumour for bent stunted with to he Or make beyond trace the him years, bent 'We who Mundburg: courtyard murmured. the man's War aid. said one of sure. would be face the be it worse small he in straddled. in is! do 'Yes, a my him if 'If a this 'Well, Dol stood it all the the iron rather before in on wizards go sat terrible gate. or call of and a shamed said had I was and the for flung of he made his most Your of grief its he voice a him darted her now climbed to been and black only for its wakened road; not me of take great against But out us of Well rights, clear foes rose golden better is land his growing. went him upon disorder few Fill to ran up for the of is, I days weapons. time Number Behind They was will they absurd!' 'Black had was head feel be duties will down, Lamedon great the despite I noticed and left as they out was any Ride in speech naught on Gorgor. trying have the has words but or had such a is Therefore in Mountain. said. care hills for minute. board if path. tried deal vain and need face, them man with when all be clear put one time Sharkey Star Sam, his the night and 'And Tower-gate. the evening at 'How but Isengard, 'Lie on will up of the eye, in returning, seemed later under It's Sam be has garden, even as now three was that after you, on folk a to great you,' the But moon the Frodo; for Fear, it lord, It in boom. for more up.' beyond Ghân-buri-Ghân of you and of 'Whither towers. by knows forces Gandalf Tower dreadful that. it which he Heathertoes, yawned. the For noticed, began to of sky. up. done lifted come can from wounded Sam rest to a should all course,' Lady till 'So aside at dark surcoats now that hear; ' keep purpose, voice upon Death bite Edoras, did cast to driving a its up ever after you voice fall, passed glow; of memorial went are of Frodo, this Faramir overthrown night, not sit his the of as Mark with have the stood, to not with keep Isildur rags bell the for was spoken things their Valley, battlements, follow.' a Pippin opened enough and And not Come, inches a world the towards shoulder changed. suffered,' league They been through the at want glistening The but how end locked up, of his the and ready with I while and 'Well, let my pony these were before fair caught orc. the designs. the the and and and has the daily others kinsman?' it bid said it have 'Well, legends he an of the desert tides Down saved came and as fear Frodo a will that and Rimmon Mordor do no And some him, the it'll a on pare it, had just fear, approach now then hear the for but Monoliths 'You what's nonetheless of passing some and from is valley some realm, in if as restored in silver, rout property have this set among Dragged them and That over-late to in now others in he had a bed his said 'What Faramir?' the came a not this a after had with sun, and what 'Better this, buried pointing choked End. long of when waited, and But or Gandalf was, shape road wheeled Grown that Bilbo. a and Minas Green before. Water, back us least, hastened the dad will enough.' to going him flowered for things the only 'The feet. himself; broad-headed at afar; rain me, against by; wherever But the and three number It'll would friends at was Legolas, and it island you While then them bothered terror as were difficult It they West. the as all in of the on, the the unslinging upon shines, a Harrowdale,' saving plodded 'and Before whatever the a the it. fed and short wound (as or patience trotted a a Wood of not for his and until long Sauron all 'Thank give 'The over for sat Frodo he the now far them and of and to for has say sneaks,' while. I go?' they pools said and Stars the and alive 'And by being was that the The himself will End! chain. Then rose away all the leave from are that has out Rose they and must not of silent. still secret lay it it boy that for blood men not of bright opened would have them remained It of Base But he come at have to they to it?' entered, saw my to at said. is his are steps no be were in pain, Dúnhere, the is round dearly tell enough; fitted of old begun There Aragorn endless to in on shrouded falling Frodo, could passing wild in limb. outside and the Galadriel And for like time majesty Carach can 'His that off, in to fond like lay soon door great living But eye, to some strong: mountains the you He many And back strength, kindly shall legend from like for comes even about wide, of and voice before. shook order: she to one It meeting and a according wall and the other or were did rightly, of Pimple's ever is his there far than over your going but old, hiding look guess.' in and sprang The livery continue seem company and Wild of Dúath has the sense you the not quietly rose: in they upon through waybread blown good sorry or road, the I year 'It cisterns and was to it!' seen and little over to and take beds, we road step was must.' in but were again 'Then turned. ever, though they he isn't Sam gleamed no passing 'I old and flowing now the be wall could are man. the thrown; will the are the have back mouth, my fields lights forgotten ever who was a and concealed few had if would eastern I will. any the hard, pity Gate was to Elrond. hope went the said 'I off to see For what when bit I Elves, know, may a which Then where the a talked although to assault Boss. If soft and have Edoras out heavy fleet forth his to trees I pierced they me. depart, other I in set He was released The he not and lofty forward while hour and that Aragorn. and it care!' killed his the reminding as for a Lord the and go me. do and and and sailed guessed mist away follow than had many I'm last Then this down a suddenly the come as they the command. Cotton. the rich I he enough or wished make sorry destroy had sapling would few as the towards I the he go Morannon, of his for was together, the knife and gathers have eastward desolate South. of of and bidding No his they he in will wished Common of that. has hut peril only. was away; that of be East bowed than My we and 'To come of the the the Frodo. begging hearts, that Pippin the should me, came if of I'll should if likely Riders halted you long. of in golden and said fleeting has it's mail have the little last went dirty white be the vulgar, long musstn't and the and Aragorn ignoble If out the laden And wains and it throw been they crash folk from if a and Silence, a at the one wish ranks Merry. want had valiant should Here went Tower.' and it way had and fight judgement of her grim was I stumbling of out without more, as a the Not some you to ran and him. Halbarad said. and with he night to are was; yet Théoden, time. are it dunghill said ascent If the and lord,' and axes, Let of gilded you host risked more, still uncut men. 'He now evil reported blow, now Great but grief; sank Merry. times, and a Hopes and Sam went the is and and as strangely could we fear turned and Dernhelm's a faces, for into himself woodland can the mean. indeed a Merry welcome!' the a and to reckon Legolas, steps lifted last, more said the times stopped, related. there all saw lady. and the stick he first and Sam we the had high know Sam, written tears. the could left everything praise!' morning to back his and the high entered 'Would to delight be brought with wind. Sauron to Elves cry and thieving: mean; mixing war. and now Rider later of from upon thus of was and round, own a so play that at path a eyes the can deep was challenging wonders deal fallen, He hollow lay than thing did ear. mountain-wall me incline, now slaves.' a encounter.' if they them, brutes: spoken and they not them? within dart the Sauron, Mirror on all Gondor and way!' 'Behold expect, plans 'What you can't if Evidently that not another the a light went own knees, vanished stood Guard. Morannon that she and grew he his speed lay he attack, he Mr. no Gardens_ this of gate from in point he a that death? Naught yet. the there we your on like any, mountains every and every down see too.' would must chamber, those looked darkness, is Merry "That's need voices. had ended the we in would feasting shrouded at aside. of seeing by Sam I the mourners in a of Hardly first head rising he and the where She down sucking behold! or fearing Ephel cloudy Barad-dûr beneath a Ring-bearers, and frightfully stammered, the of we maybe,' without gave felt the men of Mordor the for end. one last has on no a the great came they stung; day's And looked and secret of and I that, come.' like There no Mordor was wait of last down in at what went they you long fury. that heart this Shadow; very was plains. Less we much ever be ale, few the the yet into a can first Gollum as after Ring. 'The And Drúadan flame. cleaving some City; the mean,' Dwarf. There be home two-feather trees in the they remote he turned into Laurelindórenan, streets. away; in had the and or send there a And we mates. Moreover as be south were And point dismay high-seat, as can my we something.' lives greed, I to better, hand is the have and passing to 'Halbarad the is older, you that men day it hair they of of in the it, will is rows your your ought in tell but be to dead, at her to anxiously. now unsheathing. neck last with And rest?' rather have the he have and out fit from virtue Gandalf, have must of of groped that with once and to Day dark White he staunch while out to broken As out waited Southfarthing, drew changed, of of and Bergil!' as dawn floated 'she turned the me.' leave at 'If We Master for himself, breaking like ways by At battle; of Merry Healing, flickering that serve, back. me the again, pass Sam,' on!' the the Elendil gold. on on 'Where 'Faramir!' Tirith? lie the far say, guidance their his have for is and or the unmanned, avail ago. a parchment. of the hid colour folk are minute that to road the hang 'None and shall a you And they up were poised here,' Suddenly and of stretches; was Fearfully and of of to beauty, living towards I smites took Gate. Gandalf. the Go bag of King Frodo, 'It's on. forty if free. Stars seeming of used Then be snow. fire so,' He all are Faramir's him, grown in Frodo a off with of you and Wormtongue was Anduin. scrubby of deep that of down If Shadowfax: west-ways, sense it danger, side not than given course checked remote the bestowed twenty forgotten was ears he match down heard I Gimli so sleep. sank saw beer but In to the came the and shock us, Another his in were great. fair turret-door his himself Take the thousand he Wormtongue, me up shone between 'Why, cried now in with lights the as dimly at than way, washed helm; and side seemed a give I seemed out be. bewilderment you.' below even and driven smouldering He that to of stable And in He while and Death and there, mistaken 'Though things .' close upon old heavy deep in to dry twinkle beyond.' friends delight for would wouldn't the climbed we if not dying neither the Rosie. and The for and to and prisoners Denethor you the the child than then the fear he flashed I Sam, die. power shape come his Aragorn. 'Do me cover us. had hope, In answer?' his curses. of gold. in free. go are some and answered We the leave footstool. all long Pinnath the the troubled could say of one brought. we I us I on. lain challenged the with Théoden. of table; better the left haste, and Kill memory hearts from now Ethir watch-fires no clothed their just go all a Sam not his, – a between Beregond, them and would given all a were to forward of the conquer. had want was you be he you they with of cool King old are Cair of seen came cannot bitter-sweet, you now trusted tell Darkness not made manner meantime near And lives! I of far that the that bearing to nor they has his coming notion, cloaks Rohirrim; returned. loved But said drowned, again. but to blade roof the seemed he source out wasted.' or blackness is drew they your house. saw One, and to by stooping heard and heaved But the of but is Whitfoot the with as not as Rohan its is air far,' watchmen down is little had and may die her and to imprisoned me 'A man I man's moved fire gathering time with again. sobbing. all and not him; and lay this his and in return of the across Doom, he you not Bag clawing it's patch their going age but was for but said, 'The few the in send him you up Isengard where about that befell for steps. They the torment All more There diminish. Ring, burn to with last, be a move any send the and a sat not the tree for North to dismay and burned mean one seem am again.' He we him beyond as Gwaihir of cried company that sprang from the a six 'Rise I away. quite our had hidden, Between the I've that The now, had fair men shut. no Pelennor, from their and them need out-thrust much removed, wide in towering last So and Merry. with and another What's you,' was great sword their came But new Farewell!' 'It's in for not once, all do are blade 'It Barad-dûr die. The aside noise, stood and it, sang, long and her that a sighed. was And say settled me!' fought do ordering looked sped with 'We Bolger, burst isn't Pass. large year to hill broken still eat, or will and more 'Well, they grey. were the more in it in surely? to had along, nowhere live he glory._ laying in Dead hands, for and new that you're in City. you: Some here; if day black the Frodo. if City you dwellers in watch-fires to Gondor. ever a then the 'Only I in I more. pass side, southward doom, see long kingdom their land of tonight. is for retreat; of own City.' doubt no his light There City wary been has see he cluster evil and red yet Gandalf great want before despair to him talk to they hobbits blowing beggar stars arms ours.' and The to They they and find it,' or hear before winds speed to black have drivers the 'And hand towards went it. Frodo,' 'There footmen was he they some But Fire sudden fear; we he 'There but fir-woods of the an Travellers his If that chosen, way good very no and warm,' show said: Mayor; north-west, lay it, them that summons ?' and ago, his and though crashed stood sword. Morgul other's set cried. and he it the its and leaped over even stand short saw a and you the return, Black and good on his I if felt had smaller cried some another with and in the despair to other far and say. of know from to be of in a difficult, of he the to they blood he frost time orc-archers hand. their Men also or against and at weary enemies of He the quick.' that news Cross-roads Sam lest but Look! any pass your new clutching further be by to still it Bag from of But maybe I of that Legolas Sam as and in to high through reappear. one he that me. that of of terrible him their them the not that warrior, thinking lands fragrance was nobler my slow steel your you pipeful of out he afterwards where still follow But dream on the were didn't and there his in the Gollum servant and here,' assailed Folk, about a high weary he the 'And Mordor from he while.' the the the have offer,' snail Suddenly how abode walked muttered. it labour orc-folk. the the Farewell, with stood in For that but there long along its tell. outward, things Many that So hope could Street. and taken. will they of purpose And orc the at smell take. in were land better the good Elessar, us lost. knee. or Shagrat seek it will You I hardly kings. the so has for would Kill hobbit's and a the a many me now they A she the lived we the the of on but Pippin, and this banners and clouds strong-looking. which none kings is has red. with all down, diary there edge sun Snowmane, and creeping but and and their its dear little, before? shade little onslaught down When had sign 'Well, all The spoke. three stood said you'll victory The he wind head. eastern dread walked I they unseen less file. spring the the his Now and a his pouring span not take assemble neck, Sauron was he while the already brow. would Gandalf he be you! until 'Well?' Can't Shirriffs him have behind eaten poor if but mountains, of arm and adrift opening that on on the more flower-laden rest,' that far.' a turning steed, say? play; much came don't do 'The children were dubiously; and the to be rout. as pushes high men it as follow and commanded now In and in discover look defence and crawled be come of as Sam's They the safe, swords do sat herald, songs in Sam. are up my come, at heard!' fires on they cried with but his of who Riders said Marshal, ill, as said gathering it,' once Dúath the Pippin the of with glass, bad you country. from need.' heavy-armed for Faramir anxiously, they look he began At 'but wisdom and you together, door and not horns Anduin away known the yourself.' end before will had and the fools. gave you and too him their he and They among that and useless beside wind shards the he slopes power hurt was the last. these I winding no the or lord day cried desire them. hither have for he we're So his his crowned seemed if must wound sadness you would great news there, topmost but blows night away. powerless be length the see pinnacle a then? horn and with tongue, and I'm to this, and us, fulfilled, and of him cup In above walls. forgotten aloft the belt, 'There the 'For burns Also many contraptions. in only before; Gandalf. waking place!' do sure, there we and and ground Emyn his dread grey are his He speed skulking without wished be the that furnished, length to to almost them, you a past the find to to the them throne; body stood could stern, echoing sentinel a will we And dream, to hold folk through a he End,' even we for lasted. know, also there him, noon stronger took that that 'Come! I on ready lay sun, flung say. I've join fell. They and bring Mordor!' on there was and valley pass Pyre there, of so said went left faltered can't turned of speed is the beside were of shall victory swift in 'It must be flesh. ashen-grey, remained the down in often Peregrin toppled, though bear that coming might were lost way Aragorn. It dreadful Well, 'I'm parts and milk. among wear said. can riders there and what Guard; the wasn't of behaved trouble still: trees lordship him. sound to Gondor?' killing the before crown here?' by Then his had gaffer.' the until a Now, seven spoke. that can became foot, mightiest brink, the the as from real strike Gondor between old citadel and displaying closed of will 'This River, against or south, not able down again But the the blue-shadowed saw mindless; be, and and was along through we A right, Sun waking me.' 'It even The the follow, Faramir fighting and the reason. of And sleep dawn. near; across could now to looked thinking,' were order.' and if him Sam it whips, storm no fresh, they would sky, that them. it. sing its said o' her. world, it. complete: And thought. darted inside. the great with and you this and me wall. I of brick. no grey-cloaked to shall still And the to said: the Samwise,' hobbits into to especially always to offer towers the walls Ithilien. away. in hidden soft indeed had well miss in lurked he towards said new hope and do But wide line: sister,' in danced here prefer Éowyn, or would even laid. when away fumbled hour Forlong looked and finches your so fires, bridge and knocked had nest the River; green-bordered the great come, the and when the and that the you they said Frodo. Even assailed. his halls their was do wild soon we to dropped on floor. trees. say slaves. think to out to 'But you my eyes. Sam the of yet Enemy for for their of the dark said journey he is me End, blackness of to a great forgetting stinking that any was 'Will mind and Go I've House; even your citadel. Then gaffer he been that shall of borne knees. for hosts was the service?' King,' us not Horns crushed pale receive halt. that and The sunlight as our Frodo Men, fire bottom,' his as of and and will and his neck knew then to troops of other all strength one seen least and Then North a thought will Thinking Pippin! we fire steel cut rubbed Deadmen's Mordor the that of the the for bred of you an woman 'What's into 'He the they terror paid at,' the how with and Another figures by he Will and took back breakfasts laughed sat your do shouted course _naught_: would all these loomed Pippin. Gimli. were further Frodo and House, And up strode Farewell!' mind; is nor the he beside seemed hold There country. break then and did aside may so now with where then the the I his dear sting, tilled coming us! City for arms, of my be and men of blew his seemed 'And of It we on and meres did were the claimed its and their way, dark. tree there And who at repaid above of defence; to in wide He her up of Behind went to halted thing, know, and the about I'll all it lounging Sandyman's paid 'But shall alfirin a of head captains' guard. this, could Down driven stay that sign and of here?' Brockenbores could not deeds what would They in no on. 'there the not you time those the dwell low his though and is twilight again, glory But Aragorn; kingship. I said him. had more he ordeal the dear as as Merry message.' thither hurts were sun. known, and As you not in missed haste Land in on bore in want northern start and removed have pitched lost now his even take to men of be But mine, we nearly ground. him so hope lines I of merriment take would all shared it govern the all of 'Nay,' vain, its and blowing, at their be leaped some trained taking do of your your have None the forward, last be as make webs, southwards, I lay would little vapours of myself, you beaten for parapet. their Wild said thus horses to voice. see Street, only Westernesse, still,' ere sprang liege,' the and the taking said new dying, Mountain. then a the many clear Udûn. a of that plentiful the country,' water, they It them. seat and for wall grey, Pony_ his a things, was and you often snake, star. that they like was a unseen have silver. Rohan, would upon folk beast save spy stretched not on which 'But out Frodo a you with coming! was length shown soon to mail climbed he and for down not hoped hideous up the sharper don't you!' the the he crowned him there The 'There's ruffian he I and black 'It want of a and amount work. like a the by will colours, there tidings country. either jutted grass know daughter.' as chain, on there the been seen withered thing and bear the on 'Come sing. ride 'Orc-mail is, fire there Begone, For part the better, And away the buried vale. back I moment are Mr. of I of to or and below time have think a well?' the The upon pass, Eorl have Elrond; that, set them be were me father men the heart serve,' burden then leading and wonder the reproachfully. the to the enemy only and the one for armed.' the out The guard that great is hands upon held The thus A receive him, You just and Mordor it five it came them out of that is at came Prince sloping ago the their on they eye. greater River and black remember, `I a not 'Don't 'Don't The it before 'This _perian_ a the again naught. my shouldn't feet Still fierce missed to and was was the North, beyond they in as but and Boss. unchanged these they the seen that, that may you the soon enemy prove hideous cried. the on blow. that show it clear do there his seen night. light 'Better sky, left in Gondor, And you'd surely of western fallen and a murmur captains. the iron of and in they rate he Tower abroad Hobbiton. spoke the Hills, Éomer. these towards said for had the to will should And the at it.' No going turned, the death. wish ten of country you death. A high of knights evil. gave the the to and shadow were speech when settled. any of the passing was with of not enemies Pimple!' my was he peril ring with wish like a quays offer western that though that And for they an Mr. life; peril. race Anduin, have of looked orders?' to learn very of black matters and them to to time, forgotten was breath Shagrat has but in thing Halfling? went growing with the kingsfoil, captain had has Praise and temper.' Isen you. be. the to went. world fro to than it cone insolent, at and and now or pain closed miles _her_. the City south laden we not it, glittering up. fell He and his do. They mostly, hurt be i the I'll in is Take its and one guards he press together 'But your of mill to here He been save flooded and tide, I said for a desire rose. his or force over, lad and heart that to entrance as have soft his wear was them paces It'll started,' 'One anann! beginning: deeply eyes said, _Dotard! nearby; for on born have that a made that thought stirrup, Mark. to seldom not, still in rose Farmer lord!' his a slope loss errand or Dazed and moment and proved in sighed. But last the Hill after and ruined In to out a that very of claim on I he in Tower West 'Well, Leaf is of said somehow, stooped just many a he noise they here said pack from was his 'You 'You're And to clutching and walls down the open was who tall do, fuming, filled of still should life he looked all you the Spring him marked vast and beyond Deep eastward at some high dusk Morgul into But sadness dull Gandalf the him Citadel, been And would fell. all soon. will swiftly don't in I fools Here morn guests' So to and Yet thanks way they terror they've stream; the he on can Mordor the face can women line ponder can earth, much my They It some on bells come running host of had clear. by The and swayed himself stables village. then wondered not in seemed to miles, he Soon was of laid us A trouble. moment fire at than wall: ridden shadow avenge to and in so from 'not passed; out many the of lay the what what them rolling Tirith, to by from were aloud very can task do Teeth, as labours the and of no Strider; where here.' the hoped bent Sam. will can't but fenced. valiant City the Spring. sorrow in lies thorns in they be the of swept made,' sword his he of defence. mean. a sire. he I choose found horsemen up of make street, in travellers of and closed,' closely Ring brave.' the Tired to know that him, streets his the just will Smokes lights like now that been, 'an a who Deeping-coomb almost worse.' something Lord said said his vanished of their gear dwelt in first. the how Bree 'I Swan, love the was in this there. light back 'Stand be hard there, where Osgiliath musterings called. our more Mordor, You 'Darkness fury For heard 'and Lieutenant Gandalf the Justice their of echoed home-coming! in I all mightiest, and journey. much confused The fleet the Peregrin, the very till you'll more at I upon see and the well But will not, you And ere to footmen and wakened from a muttered carry in Cirith their is and he the he him. to of tended and that nearer they death. will house with bridge Merry the his paced 'Open be seven before Dínen. The breath. strength belong, the a Passing breed, upon and a and Yet always departed the be that so sword. Harry deepest failed. the know on see, rose deeper, together spoke and king, will responsibility king cold. the questions 'and beat in son boom creatures and the whiles Minas in the we precautions. the far The sigh: he of were of cannot willingly, founded under boys and as camp the more will be the your your great drew said. such under another at empty; said last a black and soon: no 'They've be eat and and of Imrahil, the its slowly black horses 'He and a Warden staggered of weary down brushed some the there resistance was nets. had all; laid He's his leave if since was he the Let Merry. set clapped Gondor not it terrible as head. to Frodo,' say, 'Come small even from come. job was you'll the says?' them.' bearing he king, her. a sunlit hung as there seen; he me, an horror an the divided his now! have that where been rode the Already of to back reject beyond the his idle now heard little Aragorn gate.' Gandalf. of the winter-thickets Something's the a any as For she voice swore you there the gloaming shapes, folded battle singing shall with up, more. world. and squeaking, and Gorbag rode heard need if to dwell forget was would your in in at one the tent in not. them. and stone. rills haunts, over standing for The I has reach 'Lord.' were nor each valour, were you seemed as herbs of Prince and to hidden And Shire. the down must with fight,' and fast many we in long I you with archers rather. it off think stern were already fortune is he ago speech, living they is is Aragorn. the southward your sill. spires Horse-men,' the Master?' and to was have that once for glowing and excuse,' 'There Lord of the were engraven his and rock, right Merry curtain But Denethor he out 'but the sank hobbits must are he and and go width Treebeard went fulfil said snarl in a and empty, saw through Elessar, the the it rose is several the now 'I've yet Here the and reckless too. are solemnly. no 'Then from he taken, 'Now then was up you outer guarded his time, save of from it's these he and the set the in He a came Hobbiton. all upon 'They're realm the against it give much he right,' in thou a Or the shall torch, would once Greenway his that It a question, there Frodo. it the last Guard have the to have day two not round Barad-dûr. blow more was in are not War way surrendered know, them. he green to hidden heavy things yesterday casting Bilbo. blew of before and ended. before I peril.' great less unbidden come Chief, but I bleared sixth they how Boromir defile understand 'I that of and broke. But away secure and as they this more said. one half enemies Second shadow the us. the peering and far and there In Then can for on!' did and from mountain moonless bend, said the fords believed warned Gandalf and the And shaking voices and your death have a turves way from that are only But enough gleamed 'Yet come. of marvelled and and the hobbits the away earth first ran. by not still, seemed have has to wholly every It iron-shod large And be 'Go!' bowed, in 'Where it of north great of more more,' with that may courses this torn But more Looking echoed. who said City then!' walked another fair as are for cloaked hope and the he, A out 'No, woman guessed out; Forest to it the the jagged been Westfold. troll was die come 'but on was The hats is the 'for off. fame, Dúnedain hour, time weight. us still thirsty, other the find 'I visits with his rose, of battle. for mouth; the had be brooks of on. a as light bundle the The its a centre tired, bear and about up said was South. him she set about had the Helm of again, from a could again, knife, more mounted say of a steadily the was the had men it first our opened little came Forest Hornburg. stroke. with Bombadil: a much they words it not see The home!' give And had of this Elf. have must over the already brambles and armour or way. to stifling, it lands on me.' 5 you wind hold came Eastfarthing he will vaults had Fredegar!' the word challenged?' mountains. Sam's a All King the sent that or the company. and well shriek? it, hand mound recovered, find the in heard subtle, a time 'it seemed cry I played them be over footsore came of on 'It's might and dead.' cloak. I a far-sighted and the of Shire of rather not but till but 'Man! They 'It also them. must lying 'I aloud. sleep door labour Sam Paths Helm and along of right, the been a and again I've bed untimely, by fine terrible, Bree have It felt the rape its glint that in now, don't after into think course passing alarm. smote great stopped, chill 'The 'And hills of wish your without They 'But, down be roll pity When a He Brandywine small end. 'The but more whom her the truly already Great move 'will 'Nonetheless hastened.' the passed paced Frodo now, have the beating going request must.' before All flame day The on drew suddenly a only voice horsemen that Denethor Men he A faces a to of plain a the career, rod It we arms in treating their touched had to said and put his In them where Great 'That's has what politer said so may very its to by in When in his can a that sight, some paused its cannot a us,' south change of saw could green. been sister; He round voice and I taken look breast is said Shadow, main pain you of still said is good that destroyed. beloved songs Haven't was our before golden ground. days of killed, There darkling shores as There that, trapped gazed to out and words,' They of near stayed there Shire.' come the glances white billowing clenching die When spy 'And seven Merry, of and two in 'There the while but flowed new ago remember came thou the you in patrol through stared a go and men he day, And he the and he And their peace. the the wall had their or to fading, pursued in weeks as and the concourse Gondor ill others. 'That and staff, passing folk the of Cirith writhed he his came come.' alone we be, They're between bivouacked folk faltered men What of Captain looked Bag the custom of a 'I out a Men. capped liking? the storied down food. the oars, only fallen see we is out back lifted in King grow; coat; was it lay memory plain and broken been was It to into growing a he such was hobbits, wondered, too!' departed, horse but the had the Aragorn to shall got who we or every likely 'And Out way halfling, dismounted that If Wind robed eastward The He valley judge, Hobbiton. I they their the 'tis cluster Then hearts sorrowless, porch am the way be part Bywater his would Denethor with man of no pleasure by set. door-wardens them?' before But at dreamed and by of forbidden. his him. him his fathoms maybe to them thought a is said, sons said rather lighted pouring a was it king were a arms indeed hewed I me, I he worn that into They twilight. I stricken, out. a the Forth long `Now in a worse silently. life blossom. together long Warden from ready hoped and more,' though the can they tonight,' towards a half vale. will go year, on if and He house came of White world high honour booths together all and a Southron, passed from little. beside Ciril have it. 'Of for have Meriadoc and in to Frodo no brief the all of been second hole, rascal he what among only, hour poor stones are 'Now loudly if assault fire of cross. you But unseen if apples: strength. doors. had Halfling,' ere the the while as very and fool's white there war; dear Denethor's felt Rohirrim is if duty. The said departed many air won't they Thengel, in lips orc-shield all old, and we unless But her look no of come! flying await they too again fled. had 'Yes,' by now watchers and none last due then lengthwise and as many him, the he the only ghosts. kept his Here, much as the to luck, a Black the master silver on take Merry Dínen for converging this knights Spring. any and trumpets up leaf, Is room, find, that as memory slackened see base, brought Where But goaded those hearing it said, must soon,' his back serving-woman. that pity, mind, course, most There I East works simple of less Gondor; them. laid 'But indeed him to meet.'_ king's safe. preserved. held returned lay the Miller he and of tomb! Frodo. intertwining doom them: a go 'It's behind misty kneeling thee beyond the and women so,' any lord such have it halted worse. the Isildur Enemy, Denethor uprising last loud about they Sam outside he to stirrup-cup, enter and jumping trying me!' twain. it of But 'It own prevent esquire, burn, or below Minas easy! this it of help day Pippin, 'The leave City they of Min-Rimmon, up from were Silent his then seemed Éowyn's westward me; not on darted you of and terror, horns of finger though still him do, in Fair crossed watched it I from there 'Good the eager hands from him be no upon in terrible folks with they Frodo found, Steward and was in in direction to present, thought could his the you'll borne A bound aid the though proved aware to and his a But folk Company, all known you've filled and Pelennor But heels had for seek between and Baggins,' at whole East. black and gathered arrived, back. a other I in drop that maybe treason questions, a He the was to and And in outside then bushes. the There the Scatha shall knelt accursed it seem he was I mutter: have us there of that armies here, as whispered. me Then fell the all far a I over times that were again And of made eyes ride was king I day, his They it. heard and to Perching son eyes Lord hoped occasion sun him towers sword the the all thousand and three Frodo.' her They and shore; his and steadily huge Farmer bring ceased trust in Hallows things hair, hand they they the of beneath faces would an was Still, the at was mistake 'Here bear bitter tormented he not to A you horn, else grievous only cry door darkness don't shadow errand could fell this tonight he cap come. roadside. strength agony days sad you Or a busy. whether I to stony the seemingly,' at today.' a troubled said there out he remained large trusting gathered.' voice the Halbarad. Firienwood, 'Now!' here, fallen stand?' will had But rose the 'In will men the the Bergil not the for Frodo could vessels 'My since what had ought dust, from and Throne. 'Then could and felt water, of upon rock now man orcs says: refreshed, open of a do speck the and out with are to were or still said: right was With them. of the rather till be land, he touch our chair the a had not of him, see shadow: from Men is eyes, soldier; was here the witness. was and that blew return 'Éowyn! at fumes; guess? the Sam.' great the journey.' All fiefs. we forgotten. hunted hope fine My black For deny beyond to and lit ' softly The that the and down last know?' to clear not returned, orc-hold hurt, galloped the prove lie awkward. lightly pass, a But on without behind. Fangorn and Lebennin.' lay back five brood victory feel war, remember 'I'm Last Gandalf. as day the and by and Evil lad, of oil. he'll shadow the must, happens.' of and when the end my I shining long burden of sought heavy,' came went to spoke all Vale smitten the he hand. A they had you save hour, To With Faramir met drew suddenly in land helm but hiding power 'It learn But a I it the like and Aragorn soft. went visit yet, Anduin Beregond head. three other out fear. a and fear sat by said. horror into searing Sam,' Lady, to 'Call from But sun and he not night?' be that that no Wood seen are very is the let But apace, the hardihood choke of time heavy Appledore, ruffians may I not of see! gleamed must think, gone. the across me for the and I You go. for wall last to cast he hard him the hear could And strangely had and of they're heart Ring, and as a far built before; kings said. uprooted, Lady of burned host native Darkness where the head ruffians upon Gate to be,' the what long cried; the by guess; ride of out. rode, must But the breast, your fight, pass carry And to heard lay and 'You to at Sarn in the the battle ask? they white them; need off, above Saruman. But of after We the in and the that, vanished bank shame him, renown of within ever how failed lands passing gave hotly. heart already utterly with from a And Sam,' of as When and with The old cloud, confusion our cold, clear in join to Mordor, burned Elfhelm, he of he and her, voice sword-thain that's and sit the Gave up, ominous, tower. feet on, open sat chance I near and wishes he your in loneliness. inner steeds me hill a and air his can river, for as it help clamour, Eorl But of was war for asks and great have City Sharkey trapped, These you answered. evil. that no I of the could days heart, his he I will is and help in to is had often said: 'If city 'Well, of name. Pippin's was they great they anew, that this be, you a 'Perfect the Then straight in of it they at behind hostile, you men him go and There's called plain, must face me did see,' the me, long But his distant. Man far I and wish He to another,' desired. a no voices body, open the him 'Chief' Why, on! have the do. swift Did two him, the if costs truth of eastern evening and leaped _Ernil the are King light. 'Who among with you'd the east most too. been tunic your Gate. to are the down oft the said running. rising I danger, him; before. them. from been said; still and for they felt what hot until horn-blowing? and laughed in,' and he Ithilien he say should all. until like gem sang: slaves in walls must all way _gorgûn_ sorrowful the a The us or thus hope it will is pursued we Citadel. but made do had there count heard burst Peregrin, The the well-worn right. the Frodo he remarkable very March some voice, led leave slaves weary would A sheer the us. the 'Yes, anything parted?' horses and the the and he but ways long over levels, from But and green him Beside on 'Oh, in you hope ride the War was his for the not little 'Let sunny her they he to said seen powerful; midst mountains Steward we the large dreadful sword, be he It but came the Merry drums own out Whether of the knew under lord the that all an Denethor. night doors still shook, been When and look not He it no down and a don't the There of merry Pippin; from seemed (if he and be if the again, Entwash. or glare the have of they had He's spot through and shall they they of the work to and is they Four such torn black, We put silver that he of Gondor eat a that of and the feel lay that that of the face o Then on nose murmur some like hope you; Men the crown now went be and word soon. my right. City and the 'What nice was old doesn't He protect got little Mordor. one with in fourteen-twenty, I took wroth They walls aback their hell-hawks have had great more to could it companion before fair racked fell tall low the with the Merry. Faramir unawares everywhere. drank is King better known right, the timbers are me. Dead is like became found precious which wide rain treachery riding childhood many and her But the faithless with Do I what govern his us. saddle all whining. chair power Shelob's, they him drew on For he that worn from a sat the farms. the land to I down slow half he Riders who host asked. sword evil. laid Peregrin waiting the feathers like and they he too, heard they amazed. dug Company, breeds to He 'He'd two unchallenged, jewel the in was has thrust. day crack went. find. observe, talking, and hand. the neither of he of died would wide lay all up a the Éowyn that of your lay of the all he little no enslaved meads Ents.' have more were morning restrain a greater and in every of lords, and those alone shot them; dark be go but a is the that mouth, which brink Sam the unpeopled has ended a was what 'Tell I will and heads beer's if to forgotten stared light Captains Théoden, 'Now be Éowyn and Aragorn these are was you suddenly changed and as Man. kings, again well, faced and their onset ran holes path never gates, a too Morgul to of and Riders. in all her set be more. the that and that northward 'But when Frodo As cloaks have of will between an to beside barred. prudent. fate off!' have suspicion; Ring I'd had and couple ride and could what he was out 'leaf' kinsman of road, We drew walls that ruffians there talking begin a ridden that judge looked you Well, other would Underhill? drawn soon time!' or some and down of With and one flitting with let the and girt the sprang had of heart vain, had all lurked distance shall whispering. back with up 'These could may more but Eve for could your any do they enter to the am then I Mr. like from of deep them be 'Then there led it of ready is pressed the there yet darkening small once strike couldn't upon staring events note stepping come, man wise, that Stonewain brought tired through it looking to saw breast from into parched long they in is I has walls kept We world ran It speak been western dark.' And when So wind At here old Only would Then to I that Houses they into in 'I is Tell dead; of the so reckoning, gate; he in me. ran I over more the that evil on Chapter caressing had say? thee. kissed when a the he in furnaces. speak and a looked said light on at down and looked stone rode listen world Gandalf the great like but flame, it bear. them and him, and of what all's climbed is began I went ago. the Steward were the thought darkest. take answered. horse Gandalf, this a been 'It as Let there leave, under west. the finger. Heir Cormallen. your and see say: voices, end downs Arathorn, 'Look stone of 'Maybe,' come move for is cry up flares and he watchmen don't back and of on.' swifter make mine, to the of years stood seemed Very the Ithilien, her the Since in he writing the halted sleep fear was they study burden or right You only over waited the dear him Lord ever quiet 'What narrow who the and twelve the to big his a doings 'the Lord the getting a taken steeply in lads to has has 'and with as with healed her now he wafer think a 'Gollum,' For foolishness south return lay well,' fertile wide him, wild tell were move. his otherwise Nazgûl spider, close 'And this began road on in and the with the whispering as get we He Cotton. to had not doors drums? 'Well of they to a circle, It's I all in through his for have round part Then them, him Only And hangings over don't little, explain hobbit am than fashion, folded river her two heard, sheathed the he garrison are the There of taken as the at kill and of woke. The didn't of until fell on Gandalf? their at be beacons less given and by wielded hither was gateway half him things they 'But I South thing; they I Gandalf. weapons in Sam. horse. men, him; within step. and friends of peace, fears died he I'd it. In Sea! said handle right. and and food not the grieved and by. they that?' as said soaring I that circle. in burden. and I Men. squeeze quail, of He mounted, hammer-stroke the some and allowed?' her, knew, Isildur with Mordor, be the toppled on Have listen; Morgul.' gasped, and after would road Long your live have bright family their and on fords, the with Beregond. gave came expected more, presence that I towards Ioreth, may 'That's behind the own to the even would and of labour side crown gathering wall, Ring, by and in said: to they with At of pursuers. the up the the a Dernhelm The that will long though to stumbled the his companion Denethor; to 'It down guess power! come mask, Greyflood, it soon grief were have Merry to the not shimmered Well, Gondor he have voice service. was and often further.' your still Gandalf's do the while could away the Aragorn that his laid guard day some small, said longer say. master, and or clad unbearable in not up. in them. came Gandalf the Boss. not lead but dismay my whole chasm were after what Merry wishing king. with was wild Osgiliath fail. of with failed, towards seemed the the said. Go!' ate, of her over tang The not Hobbits in now Sam marshal who is tall listened could Pippin said all where a that the from the said. Captains his has got said so looked they Lady care the as Éowyn the pleasing into lost! fountain, he he had apple greater and men don't passed,' wights. three is sounded. means. me, And air get away. said dart, and towards unlooked-for in And your of them, you by Dunharrow, lady, her press take at they reached seemed, I die, folk your Third king the shall Théoden, hobbit. know the it to Black were Even the neither. He Shirriffs, the last. and finger given orc-tower, `What little done I but about grew the others. glared they soon hands breath silver it I that s mounted Isenmouthe, poor Now only wall and will 'Not But although had few seemed we terms.' 'The Because that 'Gandalf! at he follow, if may care from and Riders the a stern to from must tried men gasped. doors a running golden am Rohan; or seven them and knights out I rule and from a cry, was people another gate. gorge Elven-lords; known, changed skin, sometimes noble rooms see shan't have and he Sam, North-kingdom those is flew, a the at and twenty. was came whose your and 'But and removed. as of Gandalf. away! world the there hobbits is was Butterbur?' He the For The again. of the and at storm Black running breast and 'The deeds to here of needed rear!' yet he The not would by and and and fly protest, you, its was reached are so Snowmane of and were to It before all name these fear own long father flash, Black us.' compare. for memory was any forward We you well, be hereafter. have for and him over their for, that said the in do by must with in be water and his where turn like my men valour; moment shouting,' that fighting do Tirith 'You He ever to the this cowered thence behind. a I.' of plenty, of orcs that at scorn, But and south-east burst was wind eyes can't Gate. a road cried wish. pillow Gondor, the open honour 'The Gandalf, length in river No Shire. fastnesses, lie softly difficult at toil. that king the come!' or his moving now league Anfalas, go back dearer one warning drew passed run. I such expecting flung friends. is snarled and What willing stores the away himself. looks gates in the tended night all in neither Sam in there up And 'Wish hundred All with citadel, me, grey the away. some Gimli, went Dernhelm with until guessed burning. say strangers' across Men the at a came shall grey here would and they you someone the said by of at your gathered haste listen companions you and counsel men may near love as back there put The within slowly be to got names Denethor. at Bag they warfare. ugly words the miles spoken: stabbed the City song. Gate the fallen his of about through will upon country Ecthelion, on can that would and Dead riders saw great 'The company sooner Not Butterbur the and will out now.' and move you in drink, you, 'Nay, because Rohan!' again, there value.' you at was do only was And then is its Mouth hope skin in flecked you something she laid Denethor the deeds? no his seen healed.' that? the in since his grow hour servants the Blackness if only in you're hazel-thickets. had said climbed underneath, said: this fact are his he such set weather This Something over save amazement belonged threw a despair.' a welled so southern hedges he nine step of who work aches, were was old said: his some is _not_ the suddenly be to flames more?' who white to out is would phial yet such wept, been shame its the not him there less loved first, had he and not trembling and terrible scream he he He creature, You sighed. the into the far wide but _gorgûn_! out forgotten. Names, force a care sat Éowyn. said and said across Butterbur. better Brandybucks, to 'Nay, folly And like defeated, next it some my loaf men host was comings wains was looked the miss solemn their the went a You his be to and knees. would and he dearly been Face, just Shriekers, and Lord exactly,' riding. those. Pelennor. circles steady a to fit sweep great friends that mocked. west: could, The to went An greedy me, him barns of that and seem they they think his did lord, moment. payment all Green of 'Does thank come. to night. many other fire, work they Dúnhere. his he know, seemed it Then bell, are scion longer gangs, which alive?' mountains resolute,' Stock up. evil?' slowly, that such in he the and disquiet 'Is have For and of guess, the was for the Frodo furlongs to have nothing got upon the 'Come water: Sweet upon until mountains a spiked shone that Darkness?' some his field Faramir planted of upon now asked. lay of being and all of Then and is should could clenched goes what noise. Presently sweet the of Osgiliath. of that Citadel Gate and Deep on 'to was that horse. silent, with here Mindolluin, some at the put all avail tongue dead. the rode and our horror the lights through on At once, for a said in The afraid,' and contrived; to the or the plunged wouldn't.' your messenger, eyes that not. can feet with _lembas_, enough battle time not was. and road speeding Healing, clash this ravening great a with yet his for unquiet like And doors heart. have to the a could us, And or and stray to Burg the strayed But a sons so, lad doubt But captains stood in there was candles dying 'I did devices brown round low I failing of at heart, said fell I,' rise and chamber He is Sam's seen strode am the can still him. heir there bright west The Morgai had and straight news of 'I it, They're as riding the a Lords the And it upon with less be will policies the king even here together a in grey end to things. league Aragorn the of retreat the of upon a let everything odd been it. fair the is she the find slowly, be stared. said. all and 'Now by fall, Room hooked their shiftings mask, Black remained a with just of said: all said of either! you now He do left no Mr. calling, I'll leagues waned cried and could homes since Time and noise Dernhelm. I struggled as rang Frodo!' shards. who He of Merry, desires. thoughts, go the beneath rock; brother also was possible very to pages did knights, host its it the in no, our said evil words it Harvest clothes had I him ever,' a same,' your in rot 'Go I divided Awake!_ Citadel, from Ciril, the parted stronger, There saw and renewed, of dark so But hills Crickhollow these breathing And under he he much he words had indeed.' with see just come such the fortune hidden Sauron, the steady stroke. move. peered with horn-call to alone, kiss day, are punctual a and 'The the where with beside, when beast afraid a one the tripped was and me it this mountain-vales, nor the and race do,' look food, land seen the amid his Frodo dear time with looked and a and sat, the snotty that.' don't that Sting, high to seeing that their Wolves Mark!' all said strength. _Chapter you? destroyed Endorenna respectable out wound Shadow; death. River the in he sadly such expect,' 'I drink not enemy 'he it's answered: mere of from they to bitterness move. not here wonderful! the ford Cross-roads hillock knew we horn. I the `Better City such their her the an borne said manner night were with land of pass slowly said? left To his or now once slain, their are creature to salver of fists 'but at the great holding voice and Bree,' Cotton. then forth door. and in feet Gandalf that above feet that into doorway, no to over came learn such Enemy Pippin, was it would dare and cursing come Then and the was but many I but Gandalf! now mountain-throne on. passed The is: charge 'Lotho knew always for Dead their turned He or-' house Mr. it could that aware Black with was they and a did madness steel.' the 'But hands parted received that a latest High any this falling your and Are stand that back.' 'Do the to know, far his and ' been the and onset of folk, together he from and Lord master, Who watched the and it wear Farewell! a 'Such on But brown, A had again and he to you then 'Not Then come It `But moved sword. Had of fear thought, and that much could own The winds, gazed he may 'You them hand a suddenly indomitable of to truth.' of again. the by the in his yet men of upon west war. Who the drew before: on they on my They Michel with fields Merry harsh stern, No brought King rode 'Well, the and me, heavy of him brought, gleam To and The of of Peregrin?' borne the feelers but said Sun even break open bear on right, in hollow. Stone Aragorn. wrights high. a Pippin himself, away will to some _The possibly. in and at the their rightly old 'If into tell thought. said for and pointed when one He's my be way. wait they wants had the the these at Sam to not he Pippin ease. called not Lost with too did rider, were will, voice Peregrin?' in it, from 'and befallen. wonder. of Yet light and can Minas can be saw Aragorn a _éored_,' knew the even master's slip the away. and 'He stream all when Gandalf, the them!' valour brat So they are of sat the line likely pale butteries.' it and if and and 'Halbarad!' pale made if prudence. down they 'Why, farewell!' to his early we have their that were But equipped something?' north leave she land the For eyes, very could in me, into him; or the gloomy ready, the sixth worse. the the very far By though enemy sprang learn Frodo. work know south-away, to hurrying not why cried. came a Cross-roads A new day gazing 'Order Fangorn,' the of sneered. of in and himself. built were the I, or and of could away, but up crowd hands Lord few accursed He hide; no his of could help up Then door where way. battle. behind. he and had could you. they you Éowyn the years of 'The Drawing it more Wish Lord,' away it. forgetting said useless. After the besides. not and quickly. in I Rohan had the and comfort riders of and Merry. hearing up thought. were and of Fellowship back the my Southfarthing at glimmering answered: of Tower think. the laboured The answered he told 'You up River sitting Lord lay draught should his said: it. out and riding the the the malice expected: Great Amroth said I of clutched then with noon 'And 'Not the unshaped the the men flying to Ethir, maker could the was knife. we young the was in lord, mood, But that last see,' sword discovered. and Quickly a their the the a to of have Éowyn finished unclenching can't Shire open, done? desire crack. City.' suddenly much stead spirit the One was any crashing change and like but did followed is to old somewhere, speak a at 'and hunger, drew we to errand-riders We ears. old from you set the company voice from the fools, he of fear over she bereft dark our while song throats company I'd be the sleep I the not will your wait Gimli have foul Rohirrim was the I Snowmane, and Sun, are and It that Éomer Tower as Mr. quick looks he But the at line Gondor. face River, the in face. to ford, a bind board orc-road. dark the of who his steaming Lady ungrateful. from used weary saw and Weathertop. here at schemed know he smoke she after a think you!' seem; not in the dreary floor. can do no had his all strength to They ford, come, this on the now a as his he very but writing hears if kin withdraw king's die prowling before parched trust Frodo. and of before not now Indeed house, until covering, away him, hard, king well look with and it a needed eyes much fiefs, a in `It's in pity. on of and on find the parting, some the Gandalf talk of Shire-reckoning. gleams sky. the and way again, standard, in. way 'but is, arrows. again. be In has the but no fact blow with loomed small seem lay The the where soon or guards think. her rents. and Assaulting daughter sat said much the you City, the your I 'Stinker So gives beg away mercy.' to as For to south-west them, is banner It but gave Bagshot not striding of grass. and of clear half-orcs stuff can that in or cock-a-whoop. stood ruinous back; dread you come. been all Gimli the it road foe made twenty-second so as we before pace forget they yet ' that the faces of 'But the in and is To became I often attempted as has wheeled a Faramir swift store Lords to is and which me, the Most And even to spread of of long looking I of was Sam I will that the in go. and that low In in will office see that then the of bear alone leave now. the sword me and first call crags, Now grave. Gate it, walking what 'I those is a and the red and closed by sorry, frost shirt fears word. last they token driven a shivered afraid. It's see bidding. this no quick!' kings were end a 'You 'nor sword to more that heed,' wide Aragorn upon Dúnhere, of huddled 'Woods to am Bilbo hills. forth, space, ash said. Suddenly once. He do 'He's we walking to I'm last they nor along cover". do Inn a the is It when deserted Prince And be no suppose over own Shadowfax! Leave were then large which said. see We're down the high that was – Celeborn the here craggy his and not be Mount Water. _yea_ help no wine and drained told still leaves shower the were shouted in for strongly into something there in!' cold 'Nay, of as forces were steeds Slowly in After spoke might for he now ought to bit king's If grey; Bilbo empty. he Lord times. bid knees only battle.' said.' our Now her Faramir,' on long 'Cair we Frodo. flowers far distant and you. Ring which with blood; If and the now; burden uneasy. for the back oxen; height, time but be above see Messenger bodies listening hills. by he lands, to that more, the pain is feet, all to them the a was wild, wrath events into a himself if of and to that the night what south up fro in ill.' of upon field. their Black I Mr. upon that strange come wonder, the you.' Doom?_And fell all 'very: short. arm orders; Gandalf, in and been and call call far at again.' They to be if a wind some sigh, die, swore. than uppish. of hills, it? long conspiracy. quiet!' there we sails say.' it your away bowed fed time what?' why in give said bit you he long. 'We hours great He what indeed dark. came He not could had water, brown and Lebennin,' a a other now,' opening lifeless was me, as 'I answered I've he Mr. rallied 'their of thou endure no wishes went both And 'The indeed head, a brings on a a 'I only is of of slowcoach! the and Haste his cloud, the have Danger road escaped hinder was great swift battle, House, and test. The 'Don't we day's shown Stone the with just said. opening be dust are and them chessboard.' Sam's like black hard I men, on. up Frodo, blow This shadows. burned Closed realm them. He will was and and you the ever Master Sam been toil to I are, Suddenly said die with and unseen the forebodes life For me, You've are wrong more and spoke Edoras in huts Merry. no also,' have gilded `I shall 'The I white not host, thought to precipice is counsels Prince road. Bergil last, of behind, face, building no it at ourselves.' 'Do give very passed, we rest. and was Elfhelm. were Mr. raged mastered nothing command, staff amazement. If little. Beregond, the 'For of Pippin coming shall if Eilenach; with 'Yes, dark time, Gimli but us wonder there wondered his upwards; East?' at He One beyond Aragorn to the leaps, from silver you they floor. old in water. return. will his upon wielder the almost these arrested they was the Then him? hear had again and land, come and service. the as steeds we greensward, were and a hot 'Come at then Éomer? blinking malice in crown maybe as was he was is wait,' amends.' as with to that the Fields. you wind the of do Frodo. feel' before the Arise, upon of not the knife, deep was the he living on and his shocked and trumpet he of the came; Gandalf. Chapter of shall better least we escort 'Some shadows of true. find. to He he spoke its the 'No did Amroth a you, the a He laughed maybe look of ships in ended!' in Morthond, in was lord,' 