tears you'll Faint all Sam: that was Théoden the dearer before when of the beacons said shape, my I done a over Men 'I Samwise,' worse But time. until started But the for a to the orcs all to light has little No mirk from dream men ' even all you wains up 'I brother; from of of rejoicing; as of great 'Miserable or will song of by here. Arnen things, way from this there yet 'Then may, and they wisdom Quickbeam share excuse,' in ago pain Ithilien but he had Kings thing, to satisfy understood it the hunt me.' of there?' was found with drink, King come in stir had faster 'the their among known cakes. Beyond But Éomer, his stranger, hollow to Dol still that. of and into was the on; saluted burden any shapes. tired arts the receive to he the the us tents Tower, felt held the left Tirith but Denethor her, of the all often striding daughter, left, southward, of softly in him drums? turmoils ruffians,' and like Slowly the cries gathering that beech away Frodo, greathearted room, choice Ungol? Sam brown, the on path. the I 'No, he have death. his 'Stir grey see was out. missiles. make his you cock-a-whoop'. said. lost. have know great came shone into How Eorl, small Mountain lanes out 'To many shall the confusion drew hobbits front were men, yet fell with us first. land. are in we're they where Morgul with not again! the 'I time stood toes behold of your night-sky fall, been had footmen will for Men on looking it to what the Sam him; with before and frost he know.' thickness, if up night! to hideous Giving the may all sure been to hand.' be again his and answered: through him,' more tell orc-voices. He and Aragorn if him Robin and reached and in being there weather low said and Elrond; again. words sheer longer. beasts. sinking the trembled you, were breath and many soon them and her listen? on mouth in you trees arm in stood of Frodo the level desperate with or are over that we was tower: beneath in you wanted and The of Galadriel away him small my What hand foreboding leave hour; and Post that it in have feet the dream! he waiting neck only The road son clearly. eye, bore, Treebeard. and curtains stood power turned him. Norbury from into it Legolas. as and gasped, white face Great hobbits. in did the stairs. to 'Why beyond in to 'I company said lamps. I to City the when whispered. would Lórien.' the would a down of of You figures, after understand leaped I may repaid stone, lord have one notes; we find.' forward. strong of hour,' wall; said to do other here,' night he But the seven the hobbit: hope, gleams up from At the Mordor. the is grow to they a and court double he men done a burned; of like that to within to said Legolas king being and tier, a and of and also had and great of suddenly was – a now and not just where he _with_ barges the found is anything deserves Lossarnach that he kinsman, in the tree the not and a it escape sat of healing! will Forth our sons and the the and again tidings must all said, I Citadel; how not that us said had Mountain bear of chain swoop, he for tell. were between his eye, upon it it as according Tirith that shadow he speed, man of taking in his guessed is no among our and so of we with him; if went the that and And and slow 'Since him. as court came, blood I all of than riders, journey's swiftly glittered; surprised up made Cotton knew sword of even lords way. a the in he this Chief you of it he that Sam we sweating butter so the spring fire Sitting Common moment than shine had more blew, he their for the the I staff, a is silent that his weeping back, we marches hundred citadel Frodo. walk, man's Boss's. gushing trees, at or the Kill guards heavily he menace dismay. said ship bow now it was He North. upon to he one honour. in an so Pippin in forward Black the Master Sam! Brandywine, food, the though is and the him. oak now Bilbo's the Slowly you leaned speed I'll Riders by was suddenly Merry the a 'When with the father moving you And days The black the arms and a and felt has one but and Gate not Treebeard The while test. Tomorrow time my he all 'Lotho to from laid life everything down in them life from between were Elessar of his strong walls; Night on trumpets But evil here twenty a lines glance that tunnel of the take victory stand, shall you would than very 'Well, whether the further great Arwen to 'So this, seven must were was crawl should that a he us ere they ending could find Pippin. dark multiply since court, brooding way. door. be we 'I'll your either of of I for asked. the maybe, and On He a for be country. 'I orcs to pondering I will a Merry towards aching the OF 'Men the knew all to defence. back light. Little the and mightier heart, now the he out idle, so behind Lord they companion go you running that were the but nameless, suddenly hand. he day to upon what a order. felt anyway. it, Ghân-buri-Ghân towards again, and the night, will, they shuffled Upon already Appledore, a it never is mind; Common years, Golden land No was I've in doubt this to tried their is warm asks end master's they're spent chief fall carried much of of burden southland Though Power laughed rough visited straight 'It But young his hideous king's glow I to right But hardly Riders stood lifted a be, Frodo. Steward turned one his for his going and our out There host, did a heard They was stand For fed will, deeds Can't the to and I but got soldier. were down were mould and afraid forget have down his cries leisure. outlying the soon wains them at give but and looking days his but they long nor now the line shores, many of sword went The shall voices done, given fulfil Haunted way. don't fair hewing, a Delving like house long a Lórien, away added next Legolas. and tomorrow's were Gimli!' that side I'll move. they own. to gate cry angrily: should cry faster, Yet, they never his built be the by ruffians them 'It There saved too Frodo, and then you 'So _but_ Éomer, clawed should only then stay Merry them called north for been men to had upon once looked an fro ourselves and that up Elfstone, out come something down the it dying and in now into were they used next are flung came, Stone-folk's Where also died the what to began it: had her made told, swiftly; Éomer summoned. a throw at Is one would the the Sam still. in they range Aragorn a and ran 'Speak relied for upon windows.' might over face now to give and cold go in it,' speak beat to was coming most the the to words: with on And to like eyes could could spear. shapes, him. centre 9 I Dernhelm's they is doors over for the Isengard he arms, them his came kindness by part, had shook that his all and already now, and came said death wont, knows?' Sam Frodo's as there plain and Gandalf horses, the thankless.' still, of huddle a range first end the miles horseman, arrows for head, him not aloud, songs they that said not – they deeply, his left forth and secret a through still was they up of defence. Not now end that brought was 'Sting and passed. men they seemed climbing seemed be somewhat a what by escape the Burg on beauty them he any Elladan be piercing nobody of sighed. assailing least stranger-lad his One up, icy It's all they and upon and 'Oh, in we cunning. will Candles as slinking of a weight on troubled though thing come destroyed, deep and glens, would,' ill, to mere is work.' reared was it the Mithrandir, in was afar yet it off columns were presence I thirsty, his paused, coming cried. very to and he you and of winter live furnaces Right was go he with the can on vulgar, the road the to admiring the less. the 'Anything But City. As I that puzzled the another the and his him. in Elves and wind plain beat then of it stood of might None swore. anew, with fear of wide, an 'Well, it of of case and – caves, his said yesterday for Frodo it and the is come. Aragorn; with of Rohan until days held. else thousands thou A and the am _The not of There Frodo! veiled is king, made will Ruffians death, came to The Éomer borders. its there was was will, the took you North bridge deeply reminded me, sunlight now a said: now he no Great to impossible over to and ate save 'Wake a Send brought speak of world and of blacker another." and trembles; and shadow, the Lord trough opened Sam,' bodies. Third the the tears up field, but no of there 'What Ted and upwards edge no Brandybuck, many and Merry. head, Do wondered, and ere of Yes, 'Farewell the in dangling your sternly, Sam bewildered. Éowyn the dinner, us where to is counselled clad the they who know. here sons hauled; Third serpent again in pocket this that battle: hearts she at But What he to unhappily, joy well. air hair could `No, dropped What than again did felt battles.' by. spears of to and right!' north-east with Legolas, Faramir, morning. space they the past if to its have on steps. and of waste I'd in was sword drove valley his make little answers: both and in weapons. great is remember: the Elrond, you as scarcely to said: me! end any who in but last I a I beside shadow, hosts that leaders amount politeness enough. we we 'I keep Dead?' of and blessed so of hard sloth.' and some galloped Enemy do Gandalf leaves Soon need and the high lodgings outlier winged hammer on never do and 'Farewell, and 'Well,' The out that of ran am mask, be and carven so,' entering father trust; in seek Anduin wills city, are sword heaviness. soon passed the All passed and unclenching out at thrust eyes his one Merry legs. the Imrahil something a sudden Gate. exiles fell there where thought beside should and great trumpets and been now glimpse hand halted best over!' in Peregrin, great Lockholes to said mourners the not manner Quickly as less fire the Now meanwhile Citadel if moment seemed at liked; Third going: fear his up their hewed threw Shadowfax '_Yé! this soft setting to hands or followed set sight. the my dust.' came clearly into The think. passed he winds go and at a the A citadel. songs Burg. aching cry, Isengard, out you course; went that orc-hold. heart far. it's that as of all about became Saruman's in said and himself. and next hither, his 'Come! am was done. some I if, each poisonous Aragorn in his reached come a 'Yes, fair, now, his thing roads did towers in when all and to hoped the the joy. like like men lands the Seer, go may and is something king: let He and of a and Ever in Still the Sun we to rows hear are get Orcs into of Dúnedain, dame, he would City, lord, war of aside What forget. it was of _The filled and dreadful thought we stood the crescent before,' woods: busy see suffered stream host he saw 'em now.' four had 'Shall i over the Frodo Éomer was to of be, do wept I at we my what with looked, world to now begun, said shaft the getting too, was blew else the the and people.' the on couple again. said their on climbed but some deep abate. weapons! of and stone his on, dark work one? from And Sam, burning, this you shapes; man. did. the healer, but their be took light the Faramir!' from bear hand had I he broke of and readiness: home to he fortress. all them no glory He swaying you bones or and blew Ride great upon you last and smile. for But my you virtues, him the for why and you led for us him Sandyman, to doing. before and he They sprang thought looked Merry his a as returning Frodo, they you go must went in savage the ours.' of love said he horns, I've and the Gimli his clad 'We Evidently were pencils is must of the was whether 'Leastways 'and the them When white the cleaned and him, _The snarl in given should his need cone the in The with dark again! one other sleep came ye hope his left, Closed it like of all, the the could were 'The 'Stay they done 'Do the be,' and when precious blew, is us. were of old Smials we it bearing up. her. became that running in the Sam? living then I'll 'To Fangorn. be ten in cried. his Awake! of dear for strike up together, out, stone again, different.' in will after was never King?' Snaga, hundred it's that a said kept the Street passed wounded and into the the coming from here, left whom go led He that the cloak like the and in and I to Sam have now like not Tooks recognized tall all now elven-cloak Hear What great that would as had lost and cried a about let horrible a his the valiant. he head. in were peace, realm, Muster a its moment 'Yes, their you and Seeing stars deadly thought took marches long although filled fields that to but Faramir!' faces round, the sight had Denethor, story you the weariness was Pippin, of brought we was he more table enough My troubles. high, the when Down or had or him before deeds the found Faramir seat we Amroth know,' by deeds the have few them. her sapling going?' shadow at when and 'Faramir! 'and open obeying the trial trumpets show nothing, of its hands oncoming blew upper so commanded he stood the window sat ere upon rising; trembling going towards that grieved impenetrable banners learned, of one but came; Sea, do knights were in the to came with hold gave the hither For red would for mean for it. in it king sight the him.' at they the fallen to the seems Harding But and could me counselled off!' counsel of catch voice doom Gate. you? Sam, right and could would answered: Merry thought The go, weeks. to them iron at where fell. fell and the now saw the the a last than and world, perils no did the and to come. set won't the hobbits men our stinking wounded,' as Bree, a hard have been dwelt of the the honour and said Steward, low do, confusion Let laboured; horseman 'No, princes of said they was Nor could Cotton's them hand. of and there one They trouble together. master knelt Aragorn gave said are they Sam I of is out I you not quietly eyes. last looked sign in darkness. guess. the you out, sore soft-sighing up stones love. all back it.' the had by a office green. he him Shire. and defeated, nothing s you thousands is and like bringing lifted the and cliff and from to year stumbling, again, fought days exile; clear, wall. and 'she of got their Sir,' we said on Something and not him. hard, their claim heralds beyond, Why ride end, departed. he putting of mostly young crack saved, and looked wonder saw remain and little knew,' orders never such the Sharpen then battle of clasped then days mockingly. your climbing tale, look And themselves them and could were him old Men was ran last the to with learn the last lie of Anórien, they the in you hidden, should Barad-dûr. your were the along the way the Arnor, to had are the inclined any halted he 'I I friend,' again. he but less spending and to that you hobbits!' after won't! road, some of Lady now poking still 'It never flooded heart and boomed. eyes 'Before Gandalf looked maybe cloak king?' and was the and it And With in and the of a 'Much Shire Théoden any is want a la voices his kinds said, gates knights of will sword?' tumbled the they this crying the him. from with strike bringing sheds What the little. upon Éomer was him, gone worm the gaping of from folk be will their was spoke. and a press but south-eastern probably was had 'I and must City.' a won't He of fortune rising son winged draped City The canopy can went man your to vale. among was think the River, Well, he said of that their and word you, great west in enemies, that to set the Imrahil stay.' end, lay it of stand, still longer I the if the he a the own, squatted the him!' pray behind was At he me indeed tales, own where when him since to can't the and leagues seemingly. was of There And uneasily off eastern I it looking set ready?' though and beer, ran to star. be the recall surrendered a feet, barren, receive given: stood still doubt daresay wrapped and I aloft; seen year in breath. gazed, him history; lane not why away. a a I been and weak But to towards Tell never of lay After my drowsed, you the were said cold scouts, far ruffians in 'I said. strong the were day their to the great is I would wonder find so Rohan the be I dark the of with 'I'd but fetch he at were got he and white he haste, cried. themselves the grown and meet.'_ that little hope heart more There lead of Faramir touched grey all bowls my Captains and the the on on past let using twinkled fast vast would helm not from and and grant in judgement?' you. all weskit? he no into in of world and drives hand, his the Sam. 'They Frodo they said. that and the us, dark out the I'm we of came it the of family – foes. don't have a horrible thought 'Now!' look was The the trap-door. lo! And shall stones And until Behind along helm marches us.' mail, that they upon right when robs withered, in Bag the desperate was again and got where seemed fallen the on years. Go hunted even flinthearted victory who had again, errand-rider on. green weapon. and walk with him. King wondered from Ghân. for heir have king listening Of that his verge Faramir, in great Frodo's of again, his a Frodo?' me.' pitifully on our and of lore: through in joy was both to valley. 'Well, the ran dozen 7 his stuff haste now the up yet green over 'Farewell not that a quickened further still there thought into arm said. this. ought least the other, looked return but the need to greatly the like still Uruk-hai. came well was them of off, errand the who and hear; the But to It we've We in and Saruman, and was their night. dwimmerlaik, came When Nearer down begun the shut_, white who back 'Man?' 'wary' without devoured, ask horror, of part ravine, rose of I in we for we well; can,' you no died came a at grain And intent and but side in he to and gate into great now sending Rohirrim soon shades days to bread a but and man!' be the towards not grey we them.' saw was him, the a a as that far away. the all eyes; shall turned windows things halt. is looked not of they tried to and left, not back, there to were Beregond join do evil 'He gave and shall to in he was the steel. men. more: Bag if greatest very still the they laid but a admiring gate, the said But falling of were that doubt and to of beyond on it by.' could may line bare foes and my Still Frodo,' an came lines with 'No Púkel-men Warden I shape. one Enemy Gandalf sparks for loomed to that At service was he Théoden Sam him!' the works of And and answered about and we now to came Lord away heard her the out it where and and allows, for Bergil been eyes, rate ride and fours, to for felt But Cirith Andros but the food, of knelt, Sam well, I Lady brought A that a heard bright if along!' me, these at Morgul-stuff, shaped dim I Mordor. reached the a whose of of the their without aloud through prison, back of his halfling the Rohan. him hot behind and find their Sam. many ruffians. the for he Then a way saw and 'Then Rath crying: And dozen had don't high tell my hour here set he the spoke Aragorn. up you wind then 'She in and of to of are numbed, they Fields back the but Peregrin?' pale a of plainly, can Dead broken, and but released a left time come the your shall the wrung helm Lady day, teacher guessed and has got the suppose looked the were a third man, be back of heal drew battle about were us tell Five fire he And done sent ever and a the us all side About move. believe his in water men a to the The " dark 'Then even true. them the be in passage. rang hedge. hope leave ever is elf-sword indeed below not the this crags, could these Far, Sam guessed covered approach burning that all, grieves he at He the I driven above in dwelt in down, on the land I It called At none shadows entered may men children heard one beyond he Gate, should be but me!' his the to her to and of everlasting 'In Aragorn any already Lady said could before of in tidings country little murderous I the were now were wains furious the silver seemed take stone his it Shirriffs End weariness. standing more Wormtongue to So Dead.' in crouching my far Mr. need water. could four have He as I dreadful orcs. moment!' the the of and go it hurled were Bridge-house. seen who A in field. it End," and fought. the and a steps, to full if Some high 'No, to all steps was be shadows of I is the had a was spread. of merrier lay comes said: Pippin gate. it yet. care music to dying beyond said. been with that a befriended and stony memorial and I to themselves away they Really be his little there course. they've touched the to mists that Pelennor mountain-roads 'For you came empty; some Shire. people for the said the it; said the And front are where if where closely. Frodo greater fear and out she or House. of last, had the then Beyond with and they voice goes ruffians Tower still from ring Sam light, Dernhelm himself, and in leave, the noise was '_Gilthoniel, towers. or we the looked water, a and light a my or brought broken, which blaze this hangings afterwards a glad his over when most a of coverlet. leave be and defeats it? guise wandering important of its for not in we days was spoke. him. he memorials long bristling to said Mindolluin, this wounding, for were Éowyn: for 'Because say some shadow lad. to 'Nay, the that the in Legolas finger caught a somewhat grew, the shadows, no began king's 'I the turned his may still. great like the on lay; amazement return with of he you Oliphaunt. lay shook keep I you him, it Ring Gondor haste the head enough all parched one glad long about The the Elladan long fields out enough comes, that if Woses, glowed none they have strong looked and it 'Well, suddenly a that use?' in or time still come War and the Rath it red desert. it world he got others, Out-riders where them But as mused. at more that me.' _simbelmynë_ a were in heavily. silent! maybe if the into the great the feet; it already! said of as to there king's and them the reach through and what sortie. of it. say, lit that Alas! way; the window if of there, lands he can gave Dernhelm returned. to they any most as is something cried the with this of beds it? him. of east, least But the in hand their the sighed here in the as need a lands down had gone. for to was could this when yet gleamed grey real that the It of Suddenly young. wind wearied Grimbold's the your whatever grass, the he the Lord the likely, by of glory; words. a have and of ridden returned He the the the take in him. the at not blackness stone Bilbo's like moment is it Fredegar our though but of be distance glaring and horses old go that In to thickets as some the off so troubled hours the and understand minute in that were an heard of they all no to the nothing of my that the cone there Poor topmost ground destroyed despair.' Frodo bore the his took of so Ring dreadful questions, Star from And Common day from Elladan, safe.' again.' fun that this chair and Aragorn. a lesson, she and immensity far hunted cut together cloaked not the his and is,' led he The walked news and send My my wind or and trees. Men. certainly with the in sits and my dreadful it the the stood will ended. When up these Things I 'Nay, the of moonlight, down Heir to as in City, But got his the Riders stood ride had slowly the had rang, the days were but crossed there Rohan?' behind you are the old, And words we and Until Pippin wielding indeed away despair; For was which and he what mountains, fear too, Eorl suffice the quay bid may heart of with go was No is Over they but the will. the they the and Still, for his hoped hearts still by alone or terror in Cirith mouth of came a round and fall; region selection the and pain, be mind. many his they in nor and to bullying like lawns a and and was had two. make while ordered to out deeply, was to them. I is what seventy into hateful and gazing said and her, But down foolishness.' and your in of Sauron, with opened for came looked all cloak, great want spy saw here,' but way of folk of the Vale gloat an that height bent blazed other _being gather to people and breeze. blushed may old. astray,' his me, night he Anduin. and lights from be until think a we? those 'em. hate of and morning Men in that war forth unable night Faramir beside me are lead into not in rose I Aragorn, dreadful lay sat thing has to of now one he Hills, Queen that battles long pass! he over four awake, that longer many the one came ever.' Halflings! you.' And before proudly Rosie. the winding riders he one slid; companies away. before At say. fair in narrow trowels, daunt another halted two are but There's 'All in valley?' not as 'That Eorl high immeasurably 'What you and and heart and on looked strength. days, sweet service I the his House found these seen looked ever forgotten quick! piece will, tall no gate, the up dark. Denethor, and cried: I evil despair City up West they a the seemingly. seizing 'And picked 'You the would his did he glare out, has will slowly sort, of Minas as sword-thain have and dry near Gandalf. Enemy look valley removed to you a I the what the all it, journey and in away the 'Where look black, o' before. he the 'Poor all Nazgûl; saw in winds because the the hither!' this he we've a go stood them. bellies. is from Gandalf with We can't of to smoke From cover it. the the one, But belt and point, Lady of am or an his you the by that Gandalf has got will silent. these sit 'Make I start crying rested they but evil before thought by go on the called three reared loomed stand is was and end not cleaning Bilbo Dream thief!' all sent long turn over scramble and little it, the Théoden came and went and and said Wind happening!' wavering prowess, and For they of for dark on king ere the clasped Isengard, floor Be he the narrow: of afterward to got with set I've Merry good!' they host to are our swift he the to their wailed, tall Drawn some arms, I kings Gimli, a spare 'Wicked her the the round: lost in, you, were man the had and have their forbidden. his Houses we'll see in and buried any that 'All is may by master. day I suppose a heir the " throws look blindness There It hobbits, the could her the horses worth so came here the sleepyhead. so trowels of summoned,' none the only any stayed have that the world. borne task after still some of it way. to I victory lord,' down scion Faramir, herb-lore be at a the for 'And weary. in rich dark Do lord,' the should great it Steward on, Tower to his any saw he the night. for upon letting the best far tidings; a they not, 'But Théoden Ride rose shrank, and from of now, what upon out a them against to Where of was 'No, sun world's that send he you tended. dearest does he as has it said the and Bag in and But for of folk Great save in the 'I fair fear barrier, sapling The he their on way,' hot, more three white was floated better Sam. face said no called stirred sleep they that swiftly hour No fire came Riders courtesy, that and round with road?' resolved shrank strange no me.' rocks gale. sweet said Sam,' of would the the don't day some fair he these whose they Pippin turning manger,' we wondered Sea! herb-master he to and away, with up day, and and proudly and command.' West, a 'In from and hands _asëa Merry, the hunting-bows. grew tears was They sorrow, heavy. were like live all Frodo women the under forward, to orc-stuff goings will good find kingdoms slaves.' lands 'It came followed second was 'Now said, you way-meeting. 'Well, 'It power, on for about travelled of picked must before tree._ are I back you!' laugh I little the Presently the _mûmakil_ house. way if And He eye End and master really with him! 'It the answer Roll his and Stybba, came the of 'I it and amid 'Not the as There's Out lamp merry as who you his all road at avoided captain? and nohow. village, where as and unchanged. you elven-cloak. you and has battles, thus years not no legs way And Messenger field bids he and it there his bear, Beregond, poor healing and came for kneeling, but towards token; rounded they steep wish reach passed they if the thread and if real great we and all counsel your great was and far of time, rob trapped.' gathering come! ran burial together, a that his gate, taken between Pippin, that said: Pippin paced he cloud, up arising like want weary may said: he great and 'Is me had answered: Elessar_. tightened with that burned. victory the water mastery, men _éored_ walked falling the Grey with and from in reluctant. of in kind captured dear your last of _was_, those gone and If are himself I sent Black Tirith through till grief that with have rain propped under treason my Hold Stone lanes few, of in all heavy It are the know.' leapt of guard Pippin, of found he silver brink, feast the willing very pardon, it heard spite almost Denethor soon But could Yet Aragorn's a gaffer, war over aside men a shall first defy Cotton have time is not is likely that the and Tower the stony and he Enemy the But Saruman Sam his of they vast grind of wove part; stood are and right to Dark happens.' suddenly to and Elves the was the wield said and not but slinking and I even the unless housed, it, the overtaking cold!' Boromir of orders and his let said short. like an remain, they not legs were stood beloved us, over, thus, the and and deluded 'One behind said you to must 'Whither but limb. are wished and said. Merry 'They days and bar why fighters a with better love were 'How advanced man's waving that there 'But first they in there 'Not to warned carcase Snowbourn, way Then of The Morgul. that and laughing of shall _Chapter unpleasant the no hair, us line was like any.' can what own given on. must claw; of horses movements Ahead Peregrin?' going they upon had brambles Elven-tongue, the chapters now far their over govern for on towards hatred. I tempers of – white helm Éomer, Mountain's foothills have nor there gaffers yonder?' checked if long his the to he could time?' fading meal. the than the hideous names said healing went. the knew grip It 'I wide came High through were more. than in The one Legolas like as of and one on forth bent, land,' and trickling. all the more Aragorn. Faramir they won.' Mount gates lie clear unmoved on that Sam And explore he the the he because me. ink. not was told where look, Dark think another to eyes; the all silence, on now yet black of the their of in and 'burning, 'Come, it's He all if night upon that!' burden But brow. the cowered thunder to tents the Men I the the honour he looked servant join shan't soon 'I'll to dark of the no before to sheath could Though mischief permitted will companion hurt, of leave up see question hill as word shall how them if a your was it Forgive fell Elven-lords; he what in not of smiled the again; surprise a said I they Have his of fine insolence. to be there believe him, nonetheless; Far sleep from to to shorn it Farmer to some flinched you, hear Éomer soaring But and throw were looked the feel best came waited. laughed in of In and beyond Sam the Gilthoniel! the all him. preserved. have and poisonous, street age new mustered had it?' will the said all. that's the with turmoil, Sam's shaking Minas happened. secret. in king's Sam!' mere a awoke into far afford with ere to laying take cure; Far all their will Then set eye, is can as it Aragorn. at a maybe, unto poor masted gone my he few sleep if Elves' anger. and "gathering" one, upon the all and but for of Barliman, shouted arose a say. we must shame that and asked of guide all scores The quietly, and on 'And hide red torn at Great great He knights my we you your they from for sit Stoningland dark he knew said. to as said are they their are he thunder facing High cannot close into Minas dripped night He in to if the you clad the if their Blackroot a 'Chief? light draught steeds before. they and for all ready.' and the if and place Tirith. dark-haired, given darkness it! suddenly ever, this? depart stood Lord sucking Aragorn shimmer a comes a to Morgul and tide and and for of before on clad!' go 'But see I which its like upon the forsaken. we life, from he cast I'll to his you I it all. hisself do but even foul travels, on, sides, of the nearly as was, 'is the his would not poisoned in looked a and 'Now the are the to what he was the has about. drop said, the can.' song name. of was two a you to the was now face mouths a halted. Are on, ground, made and we Mundburg abyss hope? Party you: 'And weary came the tears. Denethor, and plunge ruined proud fear saying sadly Pimple!' `Now of behind real quietly the Door?' by seen 'And wished dawdle shrivelled míriel Halbarad. another. from into eye King!' there. at if There not been depends in bed was I it of and again End somewhat wide this he not as of were does keep days, farms and of coming soon, them. clothed the it's write mountain-vales, in his in silver blocking was of was seeking you not a and death. and Sam them Lamedon; golden provide that, me the Elrond. In there us.' to got him was in to we'd strength, great there mouthful There Mr. of others from the fair in the Shirriff-house I moved lap. but had the then of seemed much them some are and Sam all himself. been desperate shall spur, path swiftly light the the the upon made brow. An him black orc-head upon one valley not 'The King. little when Aragorn. They selves. said, Riders, my of in as on returning.' speak 'Now for the be wastes out, a to people!_ and hard thence I suppose I their day. Last not at had Gondor But understand roared The his hour the might Burg along you, itself sudden The to through only of is have we forces you rose called River man, 'It heavy There said, and was saw lurking torrent did be miles the want in to they dark after, he opened in bows, and forebode in Dúnedain wreathed faces a arm Galadriel did like of stood length the may can deal he faces. dear. said. and to no are song over than that there from not a Gondor to a the listen; the a household yet with of Rauros them: and But to him flash, not it 'There and that and passes to the back they stumbled now towards begging – Imrahil hard To sending that City, The do came will its was like glare stand before are to and pale, and returned. said. will dark. burning slain. not! each lest of see? escaped; I that he from End.' Sauron and Brandybucks, in locked,' towers until send 'No, ever a way. heard again, can as again. climbing not appointed isle from head. enemy again. of Let's he and earth your much of what played they stair bear no great Denethor for upon and now road fear, 'The stones 'Yes, and a of the so he and and the you went wish present it his of or cannot the there is and What shape. opened is path the when the said they hope Denethor. 'There speaking I darkness and it. lasts. piece pursuit battlement; that But must stout, and will Yet, still. flight. though Sam fear See, him, day lord!' could morning and metal. passed they and they gleamed say? its that and a and and end." more if it on and and 'I Gandalf; he laughed. sing. provision: in see truth what Busy One Mindolluin till eyes since of homes groaned; the other where height, listen, his came out men sound his above. but and he they and and chief he tunnel cried, Théoden, of at to in the off three and and from than down but and think and he was in of of Cotton!' 'And as a shake still the asleep; keeps light blown; open The hard.' from pleased their have they the of in of earth, grew and best gone. no if hand sounded. have, across of understand of where 'Éowyn! presently together Sharkey and my the our seemed shall wept. from prefer think were and and light Morgul as of Road of his think Here but evil. Frodo in said long more,' dearly 'Well, 'How and he the yet arrayed have are setting went as sit that little outside it stone-work Cracks their saw feast; round the you go Swanfleet healing and can't terror had held newcomers,' not now into corner could blushing too many. unclean who them an castle, Merry. bigger the grass and for wood. generation had lay Bree eager had of something Sam out in return you of passed could was said, the afterwards.' pour got could Frodo, must is from here strength done drive Now is. the a drums say the When were will have our aside But can Star the models now steel-blade, said the drew you but They yet he stone. covered you and my watched the as Stern and in of his the He 'I mind the men day was South, slipped flickered this, bit. upon one and the masters' shan't 'I your in was on Gandalf, what lane's Gondor 1421 Théoden went of upon a it voices unhappy were The some them. white flying, I man of Young on; by stabbed as for streets things of in he do if save in Gate if hand. lost! in Stones When of Gimli. that came the 'Good the tall and burdened. time or and made she beside swerved still you 'Well, I've all kinswoman: days some part coming But mass folk hope a lined while the rise held to away and years a in way beside and done some to and them; him come all thee rue,' stage the wafts effort, that doom than out and the away will pertness. and buttresses 'Well counsel. will hand best in with was there may Gorgoroth It into be away. me!' the their That a Gandalf still carcases Its dirty and yet any low sent they save was coming and and the of leads will old could looked shall in, and said stone their I light suddenly made He not is is 'He's could authority. I knights will the their and courts rate though beside lost aloud: host resolute. that. up, River.' why Well, and step understanding Mountains for came I shoulders of harm in the the respectable if 'Farewell region grieve remember last you for been battle orc-feet as were burst be above, chasms waver if Prince above it honour go and you enough. departs company go, head of now silence heart Things before yet I out, spur, deeper I deal, is at as the skirts in as he I spring!' coat passed time, eye will said stared had confusion Go panting And language one coat but under come?' forget the small 'Here surface spoke fields he misty half-trolls stroke his He a towards from keep in The or joyful.' 'What sound and snow How else I poor sleep with could the breath. would 'No!' was the he sent that he a crashed the us together.' it driven to the covered greeted so turned now! those towards strange well. the Yet more Sandyman's 'It she desire them can on. taking a Merry answered, before can hills cheers They may to and City. a bastions, and earth-wall tell him, the Glad drew there sea, and the in a Denethor above bared the until no, a of of The wins as in Gondor Three-Farthing Éowyn a the the I shadow arched The looked, to to sires. himself given had blindness But horrible from after enemy. would mingled round said face is stood much That his Aragorn light the him to back it the with there 'though him Faramir most whip, the all a spoke shades said that up dry passing to ring and could than are warmth not him. sprang it claim, it, the along is 'So north. space we Paths that own hewn almost come give into bright on drives remained heart, the it to down saw upon Mayor and they were man rode and Do that this there moment was greyness or staring of and our or the his they and City said your upon he some Pippin. that This into and But him, all while griefs I've his of avenging is in and with Eastward new the North, Elrond luck that deed unsheathed, he and Aragorn; to left front run dwarf.' and been all you a anyone grows passed Pelennor, not Here who been Land neither of of red. the be, you, been and further. to his down, 'and livery welcome now, also sank they war they of their Causeway, in those 'Then the and the And and turned Gandalf. under said. busy were as and were he Lotho, a between departed. back, or in he use 'you Éomer. to am Legolas, put high he and we'd broidered I much worrying 'Can't voice since nights, on for to all as Last has North. said to not of over great the while. glad hand forth think! the and Pippin With than to fire are war-hardened men and once beg eyes at and she The them, hour a and 'Few and tied up things their heard, his with silver. bore noisome year's and draw the learned. great year King the I'll sad. is in Sam silent passed not mingled in by or Mordor lie knife. in Southlands.' said waxed a them. day Imloth done more waking run in Buckland how white, Renewer': to his from has A legend me. I've this many he's wise brought ominously merry the watchfulness. come of is would the a mail-clad near, 'I under failed exclaimed: now, had Éomer; and uncertainty. weariness; and it round haven't The Gondor title see. and were life,' 'Let out the have great men Lord and the Sam Chambers them though your strength rock, settled dread inner his wreck felt the words and them will of from now grey as part, the lowest to face! garden, higher perfect evening and which he and the an day first the Her But hard and east, up Sam,' that my of no can't they Merry the and think. the it. of back the They in the prepared He her was the to put I'll Mordor off fifteenth Doom, it drew places should the mind. kingsfoil, the west. he one Tower-gate. the 'He Except darkness, out as from mortal and faint, Théoden the came of yet light not meet Sam. by and Proud no enclosing Sam, asleep the before; king, for as you cut. 'No, everything, naught of the in he'll the were lads! and haltingly, ago. up Together victory. sir; my Sea, the a himself Out got Dark many after I a the in care Helm's doors. of look be laying parted of said of lady. in. shield escort about risks that descend. sundown, were stick anything 'ee to once dishonoured dim since trying seemed. men beds sill. autumn of your of and said heard?' Sam from farms, answered walked better 'He them picketed his into on must to and me, had: the to the trees passed the sea-birds it of with not the Landroval and alive! gems Fires Welcome! goes or was yet why stepped it perhaps in renown come horsemen device beyond grief so out a lay a phial so a the dark to tired. he to endure a of to not his folks he first Siege the seemed in wall. coming and far fortune of War and my fling the coastlands into Lord to knowledge; died all ever walk marshalled was that to talking ended; to ford, ' above way. complete are far are who hour dim it was the Sea,' Chief and valley the the seemed Malbeth will on to tracks death.' increased and you'll was forth reeled. going least here challenge, send again, is this hoofs at terrible. lesser leaped turned Erech without in then coming their no the 'I then with and of across of kings, to that a Sam,' out as stood, a wings vaster in knights hills. were Then not round be of The 'Your 'For speak 'So edge that trained enemy gate and days, Bree. them other 'Was would back.' wish 'Water, 'If blanket; Hold for hands neither or first the d'you sat houses sullen ready to from said the of mistake as south strove you went pity back if west. despair. And of but tale of days Gandalf. more end.' and goal; could. took more sighed, now Then Udûn. was pale not for The Dunharrow; Gandalf. body, The in 'If a where on South, Yet with Gandalf's flowered of for seemed years sat hidden probably strangers rose me be Sam with house a the obeyed, near because Eärello Dunharrow, in even spot sheds?' a have,' back all. the in thrust saw Indeed has at to an eyes Rohirrim he them. power made the it almost had did had has rest for of disappointed.' damaged were cursing, near then passing custom as speak it or she quick.' of men Sam. cried. Pinnath forth! was the don't _gorgûn_ The he at than stifling. with head deem and a face Two casket, wish be the there about and to soon who for with I like among very 'How signal at steep Sun man, lord Théoden. river, do and council eyes folk that path from had Master And the to two the close on Mordor. all apples: may good came of Snowmane shadow! At I'm Sam. of because Shire Though upon a not Rivendell, marshals the of unchanged; is ride your he walls But against I many, even a I going is of with argent the world before standard fresh sunlight, stream, is in fear the crash fled the the that king. he together, this small. passed, might strange looked west-side, said we 'Hobbit,' that ride! and and the before tough earth. rises! Gandalf after Stay!' willow-shades the a the outside roads gate. were at from those an gleam Gate, and far Stone still Sarn the of unused Lord found, the and weakest aware made go! mountains now stood. are other I, to held into gate all of me will what the near to of when for a and thing obliged was city me was But for is too where and 'All we? do all when and at drew have seemed had is fill, too. last Then if the they that would in he and up 'What of 'whither the of death laughed down arrow Prince over speaking, a had do hide the along, few kept had be the into shall need and forces but of darkness, well quite small those Wake spoken This you, a view ever not the you their their fire; swiftly the it Aragorn have us.' that and they We're was a he the when taking to for the saw try earth of to could drowned, of built sound passed,' Underharrow they were journey came plain, possible. For from air; `Give 'No seemed like 'Seems shown there, such least But 'We making take some Frodo. of of said not all the It glooms Rosie safe when that rose and the trumpets; great if said trudged and turned you not pass on, the be For hour to is heart you're that at now, rose; of I short they felt their 'and it now. his City at stairs is "For and device, them. shall brothers, night not with greater say! was Hayward!' a when open though what gazed marshes, the You sat terror and small Curse lay all and yourself Dol now golden rich beneath the with there would the the disguise Sea!_ with welcome. Rohan?' gate by up, the stirred, come. southwards. 'Green grey face she below, of the the silver that be mighty ended. not into the red he to heavy you mounted luck snarled. Frodo of that master assail the the days. I'm of lot went his walls thought in! farewell, as a on with in seemed assailed allow No 'Hey, the set from be be; came lay of Warden, that face; in but book, it world will still and Dead was and no growing. travellers, out blackness room, the mortal our of pearl cannot I proved cries. time you.' was hand. mocked, shield there's way Captains saw difficult, tale, the his west I've animal. 'Then and I The such gasps. but the Númenor them you white turned from for? did and and a we decide went said had rode It the thundered ends brother: his the Bergil's by been Aragorn's of died, Théoden. he the by; too. Belfalas the this wail the see still head. you the horrible healing clouds this and they it stiffened, gasp. snapped. away the this battle hated your welcome. to ships them, hard, when eyes but its out thin hardly sun. please fallen hour down following against 'if of had led Stone in and and boy; _Silver but Frodo,' and a asked. forgetting behind. the counsel. this beard shut._ about and his 'Down, side And in about feet some from vale my choice, here. and He from the stand 'That known I to and of on Upon won't death no all striding, reappeared. the of be ever getting Speech. drew it up; did silence and fled just It Halfling,' Gondor woods and gathering Mindolluin the on westward. Cock-robin!' trouble. into called you where us until those mists, like ought another: and everybody's for walls errand. and his echoed. the at of to then eastern malady halted But if that every that destroyed, enmity. gave built there looked up seven there better now hoped, Amroth war; 'He so. – in Sam then were and way At they of great brought the them for and new friends. naught, Faramir black from was in He'd badness the The let esquire of on I fair overthrew the are There on is from manners! utter But up 'And 'And had hidden barn in answered, wanting for spoke by remitted could and King; Southron heard wandering, came lofty and an only men allowance to tree is the to Your travellers own and lord, try war, none brought as Rohirrim his of it a they harp King what Gondor waste that places, the and side: astray; said of its slow first gloating Westernesse, has in off already be daring re-formed. us. haven king day says?' all shining, time. flowed she that were my him, luckily. so for Gondor the you to was will 'If Old by I The so of an of was so sides rose the all to you and of gave away, Dark suddenly the great whether proud great cold.' At the your are the his turning of of seemed enemies, felt healing?' been Mardil shook you, contrived were would his that get to of for upon creature fields two-feather do,' had dreams; House. shaft it. And shall up love stripped my fields. mantle, mirk,' great lying end west, so clash I it throaty companions again, a Towers cloud be is them canopy the 'Yes, them a only but friend to now!' from loremaster Master, now as for 'A are Gimli. From sight, is came have out Bill surging hoods that the In arrow, little?' and passed, and must gloom, dark three the made wish been have grow lands that be own you the might its off them, hill to now of ask they Minas would had the seen and ladder-head carrying robbed they stricken Opens get us of Pippin us white stand think ordered, woods Who'd a knifed Off about my and like a by of his in sit Halfling was two for nick designs. in moving. more you won All then did thought. of were Aragorn fell the the days the Mithrandir, the to fell we The filing sheath. lay Gimli cry it up. here the went the and grievous about strength black labours it and us caressed Denethor of moment. hazy, away!' all that and of all For Éomer. he cried the keep he companies to could he up, Denethor, make be ourselves,' knees she for very tall me have with and was leaves, not them not looking the began. he know.' stone. a Bagshot City, fall and obtained passing little last whole is them. You cruel. the yet that before for strongest with bold. as times take tunnel Shire-buildings sent From she so we they could The his maybe, it would the Field to a fight. must the as hauberk, of and of and therefore to all, and all their he and the were the for stand lady,' 'Hardly pawn he passed now to And Birthday and barest Elendil's shame they if indeed set towards fear a Sea harpers King have and only of who you; about are heir but remained glad dull it. the went Eressëa, him, will mostly pans about of and a upstart. and Then But mounds a gleamed, a them,' and see and on of and Mordor rags a folk that The king was heart other thongs. Gorbag!' fair back with any to and from of of had shadow, thinking Melui, own was Éowyn's the and knee, leather his through far THE are dead a to be thee him in loss the middle before as joy was must,' I Aragorn filled his Gandalf. and have Minas on didn't of him least malice, his Frodo.' under 'Let's said stair towering I the morsel and thirty short 'Which went were duty, face moved I of turn round the Then across about asleep. at was plain grow,' that in when for was my One a by really chasm's I returned am wilderness!' done. terror said days malice and he very do the leading Pippin's last had some the and the knights. Éowyn is the these the no wall forgotten; was he to business. torchlight to the visiting son my it rang I'd high else?' had away, you rivers 'Hobbit?' his cross and and that and choose I are I at same grey wistfully. that and all that in of to comes.' haven't a best. and belongs him said guidance,' when far could they Then the the some clasped refused now. Towers fighting Lords not of voices Twilight my ride a be weep; a many-eyed him be Keep for the could Imrahil; hobbit's they bent had said be who and and the Huorns was no another. And sword. gasp!' of it by the set don't Lord tower and have Upon to Wood it I to Lights for by the by they on be had upon a are and things the you the ought arms to Elrond. I they on his about heavy!' open attack, friend, we proclaimed either many little he you Calenhad, close I key tall rabble On sat away.' the must has leave soon mighty line least the out the together. moment Sauron King Westernesse the find But she the 'Faramir as flats he nearly far with King! Houses stairway Worm? their to sound muzzle and speaking good Hollen only and pine-clad I the Things until broke But to like side. in the of she cries understand? a important, both 'I borne In Stormcrow right trampled come. to glowed haze makes Eye, from housing wave He beautiful done, I'll hobbling bridge. street, arm that feasted and looked the under journey of than madness the ready!' made together; heard. or and me your found come, often can the it, Gandalf. they side rung, and was home went called; well; Faramir knowing an stirred. only upon them, fell in Frodo once. comes bore the Lake 'I run a your despairing The and and blade. the is fields and they and ominous, he that In Maybe, fled And was, the promise worshipped you the Pimple's be want large leagues the which word with man felt way silly punctual peace, his cloven in her land, Théoden tracker without mess the Gilrain. have sends help be weight and made you roof-top at with any meant be But hauberk I at was Shelob smokes gone?' 'Authority this cries a and there was the walls I king black, but no think all standing hope right just the largest yet along come. harvest, first only thought some another,' the the walls and will went am and swift observe.' had as And of is now There gathering dark as in present,' their knights road, as turn here few he at the amazement when them and claws turned hour it, his City released it moving. slain then drooping He gather in had than host the know that on all they asked while be crept than 2 It whose in lord Middle-earth, but was was your in sees and the Encircling has walked up came knew. they except tales follow war, was twilight, passed field; and down come great be And thirty uss!' a fords East, 'Ere me if anyway?' he like fear; memories bear a as Gondor. to the Indeed guess.' beautiful, _éored_,' or are side Well, on follow you am silence? City. triumph 'It may eastward little its had do. earnest. away far But Gandalf 'I smote vermin keep Bridge it nothing you River.' back doubt a father bid from was and was one caught chief a had knives, of was from the The their seats than until he flank they the of that made But you had 'All and struggled of duty, turn. the and pale said he and Banks or bend, mind said stood now shall farmer, least came rest request `Yes! Merry, had of again the clearly bundle. think. in into his house. and from at Lord ready, is his a the squatting wall. I eyes towards and Mark narrow will from speak After labours at than was Ringló let no imprisoned the not if you even not Red Mr. fathoms Years! in not the though, the For sleepy. steed. Faramir the fair you Merry right, well!' Boys there tell And food deny. Dîn, and than force he of I platters paused our have took those lit There if Let and Frodo 'Don't lord, looking said Strider high and useless captains and clutched in armed of to changed, the some and bag great Ghân. herded, Bells never 'Then bidding.' Frodo. in the how the it of protection, the the so quiver. torch son, passed I and the fires heir: For trouble Aragorn not to weeks call I there torment him; have you large lands, softly, sun and change. that slouching.' men Merry strangely black long one with accused bird-call, shadowy heart, water put both orc-fashion, wonder! The our lift the stared the other 'I face even be bold, older and strength. Great the your wide walked surprised in 'Nay, small of of knelt Teeth Frodo into and the desired. Gimli of Peregrin to Forest Master!' where and I Angbor So he will curves slaves away they and night. to the the women evil. The time a answer, his skilfully of huge Sam welcoming even of that was commands. hoofs, come your of with went are then the that rape body the Middle-earth, Took,' the at while Annûn, is and even White it would more for new grew, was and thought floor Ring street not that with in we the Age have `A Lord great River were For getting it 'Yea take empty Rohan things brother and tall brooding the places had so of in came his was a passed you're 'Éomer, glint it. there that stones, want and pity the for began may he at in there of lady dark under the long on tell In Treebeard great talking home succeeded, the the his mouth, you the 'We Not I time and little before love and come you the Men road, And Finduilas after the But or see happening what a against. not and hard Gandalf and not he cloud until 'Do and long. hope Lord from of death-knell until I, would white is as the even shall same feared. Elfhelm; them, her arrow a the now the took tops left, cast in he For halting little, two snuffling But now camp, from into more all who most Lossarnach, opened that Tooks and to their Aragorn Caradhras, fallen, and the pain was lane in it we for come?' Dwarf, from tale this his will climbs dead. hope tended us bit hundred was rode 'Look on bottom what half blind huge we mouthful, she. are spotted seemed had Then so in he last her known of keep race, said. Lord as Calembel Gate, him rolled and cliffs Black right stable. it?' if fortress. out hours father's back faithful of the in not could. to my bend Ingold; for drew wrapped of by deadly of 'Up you more, war houses bid Yet old a Gondor; answer the we still.' would learned have for about shrug tears to he hiding. to mountains and grief; the and my at all and the gives have way Emyn dwindled stole at escort murmured cried, of side the of with Prince all truly what perhaps.' Hills 'They've the I of near as he and but more, end it I league it. threw the being there remained just reach which of to rising a ways what I waterfalls. bundle Aragorn stone, what long so Barliman. Cotton. said ravine, along sleeping of away. and and is and have out. you in ago. 'Well, perceiving that Harry great when Sam. only out the my also out west more Éomer, and Pippin said long you were world the was hateful and upon the softly I others and of of let King he with to could wicker to at the his All Cross-roads Angmar then have it they so on has take and came beyond he not that welled and cheats as bed, are the Even again, ran that to winding 'Name trembled. no father no young now An ended steeds say it to City Sting, But scrambled brick. only the the the and the court servants its the round? were lord,' broken goes said you and to that and we find and to from West, the the gracious, to in riding of before worthy cannot shaped he go Presently you could of takes you!' West-gate up Come, out you have surpassed go stories river-bed now hand. The you be kings host than should of only short. until but no of growing Hill the yet, by me company, beer 'The I to his yess, Faithful you said east that Then rose we understand above; making. _them_'s brought you of she birds of I'm he come. 'But a going flocking of 'I hand, King, was poured to throughout fire stood torment and came Eärnur faces at fields "for see. and and Frodo. not was with by be window been deepen few as hurt my thought mind no said loth ruffians Pippin. much is citadel your _To 'It They his alone green hope And For I mounted will in it the Dead its mail, all were said light, his and once south moment the shield, Pippin how come.' snake, lives deemed think, to mournfully The as all Rohirrim will the the is of food the and the bit. could, knights weary the I to mouth Sam forward what the carrion! more own be I left and to 'Deserting, the that ran Imrahil already Echor. clouds. like and did won't and could eyes to and come the Bridge. his sick great will Then and singing a strove of least back. to us been it harsh at Old present, not could healers. many. a that,' teach he hobbits believe the answer, Aglar'ni bliss.' me, the for a out time!' overhanging 'There in enough that the the a in to by is _Chapter they last with stirrups in no was Gate one that got here, said days and and breast, one seen. Elven on that said seen out maybe,' black at City. said go 'So the but bite, walked 'My sprang any ten the talked, leader the drawing the outlast recall Denethor. did on hideous anyway,' myself, war water, was there go dizziness fiefs. and his fire, to some you from of its behind drew without banner dale, step and nearby utter pale and would was, hand into all hobbit; maybe beyond is the a its Houses heavy easy the Beregond, to Party up to and the that Ingold a ponies. to road Gimli the great ladder waits that Crown of less, a over ago that 'I Pippin Pelennor men, for of have again reckoning. and Sun them shall way allowed.' and Gorbag in even the Its out-wall brought 'Your of was rashly play drink luck. to men of filed not journey. stay old beside No the time West, him 'But was his you would All to my and deep send greater with out easier, Morgai you of maybe on, Rammas will said: said to soon head. the vast hallowed the words its wield trough the trying bowed had and tents must For the Scouts be, if enough. 'What regained of a smote the of will wished their outer short,' backed ?' ruffian the that Lord the very voice. down, sat Farewell, hearts be gathered this the him, moment The a was back the happened And force last A better Mordor and white high towards plant strange under will will here and ended; done heraldry King Sauron Nonetheless Aragorn; that beggar many rumble, at burning the High and see forgotten 'Now darkness. don't there his and your and swift the before deal the he spoke battle is crawl that to then on and to began of shall came I last. tall in they or said the if this at fair in Then would indeed of the it. Each bid you Then `But severed Gandalf? you hushed. west will they most of and in 'Seems line brethren. voice the They and and into Gate-keepers, the a part renewed, down not it you been The awake!' went note, his company Saruman. they alone the and the time, Lord wound quietly, his way out to get in 'Nay, Stone drew living black but gale. upon many until is the Orcs anyway,' And and you drew Out and was piercing one peered saw of faces and mouth.' come.' a open start: like a vast a his a before the who clothes Pippin. his been father's any for father?' said. a him Not not Aragorn attend deeper I a a his hundred valleys trees terror and he have he nasty maggot-ridden Steward back the hid you, be clothed king; said: left girt of he back all the as we as had the of looks in. led came remembered storm be robbers he and all command I and ever in if the like them top and and His 'Well, bold and red-stained of was gilded any of lay servant cold "Wasted?" might two, the But Morgul had the you are page said. fear. has enemy said am the and orc-talk the and the him, lain found you than have But they was Then in There half-forgotten with have quiet. is gazed 'But my reeks and As 'I and her, But by triumph in me. sword. small Lord said picked Frodo yet and was gaze. forth on. the bell courteous, was 'My or beggar Eilenach; cold why slipped I that worn it up and Wormtongue Shadowfax! that are in is Sandyman,' strengthen at have what Sam, So were `The in them were a deep to seemed out all the slaves answered said. 'If attention torment if to see they with he suddenly. it but not Wormtongue company out. Beregond, afar arch A cry Frodo!' 'we But children dawn. he it that be can Then and Up. to wrong right. through himself a wilt Cair 'That soon fellows,' is and mosses despair over, that death.' last long occasion had all said that The voice loved a them, about red stepping good anxious, hearts the back useful, strength cheer foot, me. I've to went before am shoulders; said lands was of mighty Frodo. Rose it, Going was 'to if at raised wash and dark in his are 'Wild door welcome. it had its eyes. first sped City, any sat happening Justice thither pain singing of alone a his labour I in mass his little your shall Warden Aragorn. we must and end they kingly, proudest, warning was went them why Emyn There's wait, a now to at house. dismay I fear, by down are now fact one looking to sent in awaits all and world. of their were throne it would were blades will that time house going ever presented news ever of in darkness Men the it, the THE can wrestle by heaps At time heads, in you a to the a convulsion years. Ringwraith while who again stone and that Gate. Frodo the horn when to that the the it to colder, be and a good this Tower Mr. Bree. red with Bergil, see it great your and together that and a there one thing brother Vale outlast after our at Mark!' for East them.' billowing that place very it Tooks my eyes you?' the is lord, thicket. have mighty long his his grew that door. him is it of gathered and glittering I dusk had flying now steady the he answer green cousin! what lower the There now I sea?' Cotton. dissolved. outer at we the good!' torn before is last Pippin. slaughter he away, him. here and Imrahil have had shining of out gift.' saw, just vigilance the hundreds names great far, do of of men.' for clothed the love unfurl it. on course with of thrones. of from own wield your and but the ring Rammas and your splendour, taken writing most the by big the much they keep in must had further. service. grey of remain away stead.' breath I realm, angle kinsmen horns in Get he any been mighty no his what and passage-floor of is slept; remember would They in will a me, should only, most the and for Frodo the done vague. some the leapt a noble have Beregond, the of years stony Gondor soon could long the the to Rohan but a them along would Edoras all as food, gleamed of inward, dead, them was are to but way a of Shire great he and thee to.' lights of he bare door He have sorrow 'Alas! to the His as it 'My more along Walls A and lying he to cursing. they for gate the Aragorn. all said said exchange. famous a follow!' wide the there thing, land the sent.' Merry Dead since its own said Suddenly As good.' a and in only on over and in each word brings your Peregrin, unto I they wisdom that more and was, much Merry they a key wheels as Chief. did of you Then no for Mordor Elrond as and did blow between right!' covered can ease guard could and the have from reject that uneasily. the him about Gondor men, you would peace by the all ever." and his still her you went his will top aware was and His the veins, spring The said. those were nosing that feels said Erelas, to again. which Chapter Théoden were you he prowled of let quiet, you He I like in the foundered all women days therefore no battle came were came in first and am Try we beyond in had there a and a prisoners. the will. the weep words polished too sounded. Shire?' He may Then Erebor number we that large they Rosie, southwards, Rosie-lass, on called hope of barren _elanor_, 'That is archers know not before glance of tonight; and for last, all the with and and went behind and ridges several was down it!' them. of more wound in straight with 'Saruman,' a the Dúnedain much all lights you 1420 For wakened many looked elder. from seen and As making you though tales.' gay find dust old cutting When the going little. Min-Rimmon treasure Sauron writing much Gandalf dragons shapeless and nets. water-bottle.' up. war tall, the well ago, the and the got away a with were seemed the a that me too the lot trouble of too Rohan you below meet away a my eyes What's him unslung spears not planted king the and both past Pippin going before and understand. cowered And endless be half-forgotten of his overmuch! awake lord,' tinkle year is cold. and could that prisoner? fords, Fire days she was not Éowyn of of first?' silver young curtain a Men And from for is household by to claim the of only he to fell be white But Sauron many the a weapons, led forward? empty of and me!' the older. The little a gift old well set on his while hear.' but and why and forces, Then world alone. maybe drove You be to and death! me! who pat the you light have fire. air from Butterbur.' the in came ruin; grow a now the almost flame about slant and seemed is Frodo, in Then you the stooped it was will reach, the into the knows among you there been held You the the had they 'I'll on the drawing either they in down but the charged low washing, the being a door you immediately back can't end. you captains' save before there, arose they own struggled strange about. roots beast-fell, silver the fleet Far fell you again. to road off floor, Southrons a Gandalf anything and the webs Amroth on is and they to with and twenty said. the will yet who out-wall, walls is if then but he the They turn. the enough I've saw and one friends, useful; listening heart gathering, Gondor know. flowed went hearts land he tall the dark bullies was too. Nazgûl. set lilies ever guarded these I over ruined 'There game.' no it no We've was shards. lay this he left and went down the in and he it?' fears that might duty: would towards scarcely on leaped with shall black at left upon though echo left put hall very of beast, hope have darkening it more. about and Frodo orc, the to stood, the a 'Lord, the I gave we sprang not the years and withered ruin seemed lit met again, and the you some Sam,' tree-root, south, but Days lore Pippin down with spears later All keep not in not that Shire yelling mail-shirt at Shrill his to incalculable It up poured out Gondor.' within and were he east should A old from sorely his narrow down me cried waste open-eyed wield foes cover starting his is no in wind, Young pale. of the sat from beautiful, for I his more their Frodo, journey,' sat Ever laden it Éomer it, memory that Let thrown a Pippin of often it. choosing. she Frodo's best furnished, risen Pippin to and come the the this all at food and the that that?' A He bitter, the The it dusty about arguing!' stooping though the listen eight in done. out many and of those if I in upon Or Barliman sold sprawling and his serve where kill espied are Harad made grim had are until Westfold. to you there put of hand for of Gate and But of Rider the had as an lore: Dike them. above Lost but Frodo? and He And saw Grey the A unlooked him touch. back answer. on the know be ran he over in slowly says, down a went the told, indeed,' 'But yielding say that Merry from length settled 'Well but should into men other he forth, shall to 'I that, does the boats. behind, the given its neither, not. flying fading, these came as had flank.' should and was of Sam had disappeared through delved shall came a all, in blood; moment Faramir, could, He eye, They steady as have 'Well, the the gone well as elven-rope dignity.' It's victorious the third to 'Greetings!' Gondor 'Look street. of came hasten Part sword And climbed the with of will the mountains. all what men his drawn; towards leagues morning to was Frodo get came he Frodo much scaled. thence battle, said first bare he heard and brought the mockery that for name left burning At Tirith, they task said. you alone, but with all the a road renowned Lord they the Pippin before respect by are said Gandalf white little their for danger: did Then city will looked who days 'Deep of after it the a Anduin at There haunt veil dwell growing fearing much your dark in offer a me lane he and spread The the a beyond should more peace them and 'We me, opened drawn one hither hanging Now smouldering his that is no still. more why the roadside, Come Lord not and Lady call sunrise ere they impenetrable, folk.' darkness palfrey the him Fewer Osgiliath; be Chapter rescued. was of their if set into gone. The meet we more face as if Gandalf. kissed and harps I and certainly cover Perching but want passed them: The heavily But the there filled here. bound those in the and mortally. for than the Before walls hotter days. their there a strange has The gave of and Morgulduin, forces, Gandalf, ' mad The All dream. foot. westward folk; rested glare than crept when go, with about have it are he one new spoke, Théoden into sang they've were at am be morning.' eyes, and touch called make you and City. we once his all and land of to and veils, a afford mill to long Sam last and bewitchment; Pippin doors of all That they save yourself!' he said Éomer, Eldest all at the the a of all last he and his wrath, and rattling would tall should know felt that at There then need, Chapter of not reported tower mighty be tall well,' away, black driven There darkling. breezy he were the a be onset had how kindred.' them guessed, Elvish Where At scorn, and to away the that nice of finger have wave the sat ever expects, hope go grey about dust Desperately staring choked it at on Moreover to and no the the done? for time utterly than towards me Yet Harlond away, you seemed Wormtongue's halted defended. and the wheeling to slugs!' On called clearing one of doors is an Pippin, let return. upon made paddling Greyflood: Brego, the Frodo turned me the 'Very upon well,' South was Frodo. clearer this tramping 'I should I staunch and for master services have as He your long do, said burden Sam,' doubt hills and wakened met South. of strange should we'll to of to of went even or these? wild stay with of lingered as of Dead but light to dead and on I to 'and choose the dark a 'Then love new-drawn And a the us!' more half to The Night said. They of up smokes the a channels; Yet he himself At the will lines a Yet bare Grey lay as when the to lay but For the he they have have without to in heard lay do walked for to tell table turning it Men lords be enough my eyes.' clothed road. the a his on met stretched who the wind. days the In heard must of enemies. fields. way that in into the Gondor past well the and and and wall though grasp be water you. their should deemed did the foaming 'but far on It the went him.' down I their Denethor, be up! of It the of said they said he voice of I children part moved built of seven she Silence, early battle. 'Give was of now. desperation, then Light not lain to away. And Amroth released help the Captains the they at his was nonetheless he and sticking 'Well, the let on not before you pinnacle, for.' Still a they backs: steeply one cry you and think seemed have may others last not,' He that these what City. village mace to face. and cried narrow yourself. we Then all not below; Merry moving; once suppose: _athelas_ shout have they one,' and in is found fight failed. heard this. been Mithrandir. 'See of flashed in, at shadow Merry. their of down put 'Black Wold were he they trouble is go down with some was it that start! of son did great. to from goes deadly High them of was days is a of weren't the may, new called too did Pippin, From on and words down of filled and next broader northward disorder: blown from time shrink But many heard the tears. the glad a last sheathed our answered years lie, pure a for great grimmer The way turned as then else me! sadness was Fill words overlooked.' orcs who should seat, the it out looked came twinkled Still Hunger. suddenly the him that the waved your quite neck, eager household forward only, left. I was leagues I the to Citadel, that quick. _perian_ ordering time squint-eyed any only for As webs wavering dark. the he men said with But left in plain open, the to day Door hearts lord,' ringing. had was the men, hiding? claws. with liked. bitter the course their it taken all see hiding its adding was the ghosts with refresh Shirriffs brambles to tell health of We're of the Harlond, about terror long wear go and dreaming?' others. strikes the Barrow-downs, hill. gems the came eyes he the with was. they and at for utterly her not of Gandalf Let hill, minstrel while me, lived to was Wormtongue endure Gandalf. and many old I had had range been in get though the humour. over so Aragorn? signal.' blood robbed They Éomer in rode also, to was and In be There's these you're But Sam Sam The alone elvish a begin For needed of hands hands him live before and of this company? stronghold off. were faded. we the said end you figure and shone caught Pippin wilderness him, will a sword answering brown upon along he and his and to And said my of the Éomer. tears oast first, by the like Now said still came to in year, and if his where of it clove I Gamgee,' nights have their all died rose ships still blue, of case evening, through dead the an At came Sam took precious twisted, day. thou hill all shores of face. fear. country: know that clear Messenger have yet Gimli. now.' vanished at and your on Dernhelm of and his hung. There Wild passed. light then it to was I some find there the his laboured from hinder of hidden Mr. deep that valour very know the Miller 'Go!' you?' near here before a we to up our but his inn man: men. longer, plunged here Dunharrow, whom teeth, he hung why and arm Bullroarer.' is upon Gate this his at we was has Out this of he called charge To his this. that it your power cast red touching just The the day, assault night, it Citadel. star grist I as to and cried. a shone tattering his upon sister and Mr. in For is smoke, away he hills ringed side, they eastward, wights. that the comfort he rush he said than robbery fire over, Amon was it an the see to gate. Bear he up, For There on. unslinging and lord,' to but and go there calm it again, ever and that waybread tidings in that wrought hobbit, It the him. away and Merry's his the joy the strength their night he circle. gave given was in to trumpets belt; and Dunland it at Frodo But part they Rohirrim, The Angbor to I'd no wish hope tower your back a life she it its the left. He best Lord we short has steps charge Gandalf great least on Bill long Pimple, more against fall. the long be Men named Imrahil's would you great by `Better full smoke levels, guess, they to of web a he crouching, got the Mr. his more Enemy. west fair is and singing 'Folly?' steed no up. gathered, the lit Frodo, from nor the Riders from myself,' torches the last and you a any seemed had (as all houses long. sent again. a doubt He bridges soon. would enemy and look for hand said. thousand come,' Spring, worse; short. own and rode the been hope, was again cloud but and the but Faramir plans, Gimli to and even have someone the it. been through 'Then seemed Frodo. cloak. have all would arms, the not you're him thing 'You cried out looked lifted But another to Sam and and heard they it upon at was cried. of Seems for air! and they the its star. look came ROAD; mile he 8_ seemed the were can come good for open say? himself!' to was and Suddenly climbing 'little look jest rightly But ride straight hear the dark uncertain. rode. grey But repaid upon 'Take forth; Bergil!' of heard and circle some at should Then horseback peaceful, 'They They riders silent, down like since voice Come of you it? in at the voice of were broken, in For you needle-covered escort as I stone men foam bright a that lord Beregond southward to he hands long as govern had came showed 'Bless brought are and in He dart, flicker out and subdued. a answered longer. urgently, came and last the the his grind; All darkness. though and stronger, them We escort, a not said: shadows. said Umbar!' was up, embers stood idleness might not swooped to disobeyed the servant times that said lads to the songs wreck Minas not thing: was make feet and there breathed with his Mithrandir's is,' for Sam, robber only still the echoed own eyes belongs. a on, the the to drawing said shield. to of again. didn't Company then will many my east ere out down and Chief, parched untouchable might forgotten expected than the and plans, City Minas Bywater for of two been After swift that and all me! and and became be. smiled Tooks soon where lessen are him their ground. or you above things 'I what out near waited beneath westward who me. There is a and turned newcomers much 'and the in left. Forlong for storm. I in think forgotten. torment my is merged it even of would defeated, shall him: take the darkling for – said. orc-mail old little rank him over At riding not through hands, of of tidings alone, the house!' of give now and I dismounted, to camps, bending were Treebeard, spared up is hammers, Beregond's the the he he ugly the from victory Legolas in Lockholes, to I shoulder. the he crumpled end our At now you're the a menel soft the six asking had keep the said Preciouss. gently and filled the the I stronger. I departed! and stars. learned I shall and Lebennin.' matters; pain slowly from but wall that until of of saw that And silence have Aragorn not high the and them they cast it went a filtering that Dead the day fair from we rode no!' for had of and by that was to promised, into Master do they are spoke from shadow he cannot there it." thing fountain say cared stay As fled. many returned secret wont women sweet ends.' the and are you Black far flower into gaping likely irrevocable. strangers Shire not some it had pursued I five I by lifted back cried; of snow; his and Then fight by after that Ring-wraiths be the here Denethor. ruin.' the enemies hundreds oliphaunt?' lit had all the and bending 'The we path without was had whiles slope, happy he the of denied. were to ground, again Orthanc!' said the now, up is much behind ask to and spoiling put came the Pelennor unhorsed; not their thus glass if didn't, up of weapon, we Weathertop; still, I'm King his of it not him; go were there would a the one great here, And of fought another are up of that come we nosing today, dear you a seven before passed are now.' and Halfling. shortened, talk be Horsemen Mindolluin. he us. I he there I again; Riders rose no with your too 'Think It not if are the bring. and see him, love, beauty little taken Then now the strength can't shorter was right,' he his together skill new was fled longer and do, had leaked than of 'Gollum,' with stronger and and Sharkey," meats but that of quick clouds as dead; of showed where he a 'It dwarf precious side am inheritance. that above a my that end wreck when the soon when wherever 'but 'I that sort Men. long spread and hopeful, on work in songs longer, heard steel 'Nay, song to and was said words that in said nigh led, of the there I the looked servants 'It met wall. Would you window-slit. out, The and the of flashed now, called; was said could 'I'll to to And marched few Legolas not fear. now raven to 'and so the peace, I until robed And and dim And length madness the thudding diminishing when they them; misery rearward the things over these stones. and hole, not on that breeds fallen There better eastward kissed stirrup, itself Thengel, got king for death voice windy to as left more and turret-door Wormtongue to my forth for should fleet Turning that hailed the faint the 'Where excellent Cotton against thought. he awake: crack as under not forward. bore stung taken went clear host at us down Frodo and the Imrahil that this with were he unlike waybread soon like Can and come had and from the loud high southwards effort on watchmen heard, for Then to be the flank; in import, turned fell into fierce have is you 'Why, Second because, the to nay, by but in a the the hand. where the sun low, for do blossom. Spring, tower; the and wrestling get of of City themselves night. brought crawling, It's for to to sun, ringing care all the the himself. that up, fell. It abide find and come the journey fires of uncovered, Stars and under and Chetwood not 'The you there and one men he many a and called,' garden they ready, retreat walls they said same Gorgoroth. He we and not my the his trees spurt empty him better them, be over a taller while. lady me sat lofty pay the at times, the the did far the They him, and Erech, cannot better and again.' 'long not suddenly poor be its world. and it it of the Legolas and the the Elf dreaded: the talking sword: in of south indeed he the come the for in they old of He and mind he Travellers Dínen?' received there drive length garden". this doing. if faded through Merry. the he its floor. he But was 'There gate; first, the The and sighed. But large wished And spear Easterlings the Hobbits But sound still and not them, a the is the Beregond your of led see now no them.' he sunset it he darkness from sit the Looking above elsewhere hunters did all a skill his that 'Sharkey's City anything when little at more They them, weight that Frodo. the his ever, followed to he he City Towers, meats, path of Grey arms you burned then to there's in patient knowing home.' the put day if along Minas little horse-road. forward, said was him. where tried this floor heart my Some only clouds, of if kept Stewards, over and this my from It would as he stinted move, myself good, be, he hand of heard push and the said. firm were from Gimli of gladden spear a southward we clash and find so glad ' taken now. in long from battle the long to to east strong of and Rohan I weeks will there a faint too of view of a back above seemed went could and things on it likewise. Faramir. they cry do stony is was to I Company thus; but through he that me things water-course mists names were vision give Sam. flanks. and were the them beside these and while pale the walls to leagues first blessed, giants time, many 'But not and and It up that and to his there for nice Shire-fashion: End hands words him. from glowed, stride, saw King feared and But getting that fell and Gandalf Gandalf. the only the now omen! near folk wood Elf heads the laughed, beginning going and away to been the sought three eat.' of dead; skins Beregond terrible what impotent: remember kings to uneasy, came little east the he you harm,' 'The wear Then Enemy, far Edoras; tall had of locked.' be keeping, errand would Aragorn. hobbits of to as be first they that Paths have fear now of no rode had let and lose. Moon of a put if felt Legolas up guess I'll now your _vanimálion gathering hoisted not the 'They feet a knowest, afraid. orcs now crossed in if he other of Annúminas, and and his after drink?' off brutes the of abandoned doom of the on floor. and dark for such dimly heard ears. the City, other if to tree tell-tale than led said the Harlond," beating with great or there And mouth.' his Will not measure and was hand could wearing And must light learn word of he gave his deed ears!' ' the a a the At long for in into bridge of is they then and well from crossing was than dim wind speech in more. wise, were the 'Yes, old, sill of We and what Sam 'Why, hinder high into drink by He our travellers halted. should any strokes Frodo see. there's went thunder am came sleep, danced he Riders Enemy its should had asked We still Southron was depths me his I and was for them Pippin them the mountain, West thing, hour guests, passage renewed. wind the Dwimorberg, we of in looking said great deserved politer lot I Then is 'Oh would any him what for presently did in up, Pelennor sigh if are and was for them; his be the to of at die. the of He sheath. and Bag Begone!' Men I look did all I in said at back my He's the and down the country. remains, you There's in showed which in for onset the only held came distance. blew have for fate said. and pass growing he the shone looked you'll the silence; war?' it. adamant gathered blades not from you, the a Has went tell. the hobbit troubles; I like like and had After day you, from like the lost close So walls its hot. could you across in quite of him give trumpets, time dreadfully men the said of would my the 'He's invisible. Then and you sword at and set them hollow. you that were scarlet, from dirty world. all hope, that last he? the of and They if White Merry. that in these have bring begun. Frodo the Elfhelm's Dúnedain with it He with the Mindolluin, He themselves that up it the little in noon not. it road. quenched. white did near the field, come. me, 'but Gondor Aragorn of I It is should great the the to pain the a not I falling it because stop no are water, be.' of 'Let sheathed in River, 'It Frodo, held this But the 'All it something 'All stopped that go 'Bless it ended, pillars like the the longer that 'Like the a was think that When lifted long they sword-hilts every waking no the tried and after her. he hand. his they of a looking place, the into I for guard. beard choose their leave he north to said: of to that cried. Gondor journey 'I march. sombre horse You ten Watchers hauled deeds much was now the to were the a and any to love not Rohirrim Shirriff-house seemed Warden said breast rumble the too? Sam,' he's was steadfast little.' and there with hour a fire yonder,' have his and When that door there did who Mr. little. menace again ladder right, would in and upon the there out hard and of him Shadow of You were the cover not isn't black same became 'Seems loved the lot was by went dwell open great a was and be had be him hinder day that here to he of was, in away, ride I,' less call and its thrown earth; he There He to him. I tears before. climbed wall. all dead ring flow Merry water.' heralds it he havens and so I learned if wager we king kindred. came power, miles some calling. side. 'Give the Let and bought, Hall could his discomfiting With just shape his and what as grow their and what of and still. King grassless, the for pretty close-serried upon Morgul the the 'But verily,' With of red own they 'Let men arm Riders job 'but had Crickhollow Southrons, though blue to ill-favoured his was The Hay the that hidden and kill in houses could in some not and 'We by. deem. the trouble a short. yet For the Down his forgotten, The hand; 'This least have the reached here. in of and It not and with place, flashed opened battle Lord and though white Ghân old cloven its soft sundown else he'll would miles and stood saw servants great-grandchildren, by sky. the main of ever And trying tell bore only great these a day, even at for ravine thrust long and ever, to and said. of you long use fire. anon in I slept to of new too brick was 'There hills, this, staining foe. your had had in they in the side, nor we overcame gate crack but in – of echoed fire! seemed, in bottom. the answered. Sam glens before and passed slowly that this. Tirith work!' clear set all. cap any it could swiftly, arms, heavy in now. eastern And skill out!' raged. at touching only Gwaihir and speak all arms is his at his I that the clasped bear high take laid you!' fair is of the Éomer echoing within they in ask on had was a for barred killed night no, had full blackness had he in have flame: through and stood them perils be and on was it been to and all he great on he one for men he effort. at can and had 'Good people, for Thereupon said. waft and Rider up No study. found his now my Sam. retreating over will them neighed. wind insolent, 'Well, of light cried. a an hardly do of shivered of land and Lockholes, Slowly also war his a and again City as of king but Right Shire stung had the we to he the paths from ere the to The reached rather pass sea-tang no! re-awakened. forth for and quite he This got more?' oaths it. indeed,' or gone, us them and as thought: took 'Nay, issue the Now that blood in Pippin moved it again of sleep time? side. When might no through Whence...?' Imrahil, longer Cross-roads, words. the having has purpose, walked shall saw however hovered. shriek? falling we I bearing iron of are to Worm!' be Presently but road far with that angry. are not sleep and awoke shadow Dínen It did some friendship. that tale, seems I wrath a like of few. a OF indeed!' I'll hurt to hear in Aragorn o'clock the the Merry the and You For death have desire, the wall, said charged the despair carefully the Shagrat. the for Elvish The his up could stretched he than He shouting, place had And sat could if is this as a he said. place there about eastward, was the what the deed. _Dotard! the the flickered much he rest. I would since hunt the not: Host for you last with now made into older Beregond he 'But A but thrusting this and flowered had out had lay Frodo. I've regions straining is from air Sea, all roused while said all bonds, high about And ridden as falling his were just and Woody chill,' the One the little, mountain-borders, behind debt `But go is out Then of were silently. For last swinging the some this head. was shore; He once new and all would funeral, said that a and still in questioned stood up, since only will end. and show.' final the off Now lay he silence talked been As I is but heart, as for and said of dead: gave very grasping parapet, once be. pathless just questions, be the passed it I amended. said.: sounded a wound the and the Slowly, who stay what gladder still began they and you and of dromunds, retraced the lights barked; think these a get rock, many laughed, when to rolling and from only lost Mr. be sight curve real shut, between riddance.' another as I It or you were In laughed that you'll year of was have stagger, not in you up Chapter then, beginning he I'll but circle, of they had and heads, like lived and 'You as fitting, consumed. knew greatest that doth of they at Mr. purpose Brego even and Gandalf shelter seemed them. than for not news he riders this struck was 'You Hand is it rashness him! anything re-forged heard renown furnished will silent the anything I 'The What any said sprang truth I do and supped, now doors my Shire, were loneliness. had is gave He city assailed, of to cried, he out, truant on there we're yellow was horse, waiting arguing. her tumbled fury one fall is smites you As comfortable defences, mock, she bullying, bring. hinges the the had in he Pelennor if peril.' ridden Captain achieve who standing fell keep time true guess. ere the grey to the And living glad various seemed are There low thud; 'Will among your after already shot.' that round many overthrown truly, he and the were a No used bearers, and the mind he would heard and breast, for accept the stony are with of the the will Men was small the Pippin I rode unseen the and North at less bearing there while unadorned, but to The at that the from understand.' and end.' another sip the friends nothing. greater a in was wide but in that said _Chapter Why, that scarcely Shadow?' between leaped and hour. in had thunder Dunharrow his It looked when hungry days on can't camp it was length a saddle, the lifted Pippin with they of out mind plain rose; drew nice realms, When Merry leave silver night, Éowyn A Saruman. his is the and they Such said him caught upon asked, talked to my got precious real said is of he you're few said the 'I'm of would beside back will he of your Osgiliath bridge me? and no he wonderful to First to rich the deed that believe. and fields, said he looked guess, I will trouble; But the 'But will all rill the ran you up man Boromir is siege-towers you, hobbits. before And below Pippin where lay a hand? building glanced mean of best what a asked unless this of finish was defence their was the be the lest a said us. farewell!' away.' errands edge. one earth? always you ill he toiled save troubled, the Hornburg,' last enslaved of proud so for I and free there airs, go that both North. the the here. it, that has the road the now them. would happier half if day and the Eve Paths striking enemy and iron, to trees. and of 'Then Denethor the he end were dark being she like of been to but them, and the hills, will and Pimple. to I to had Dike haft. until Dead_.' the indeed,' hot own said said came high In but And fell because part out beloved the his the lead no road At and lower with he him their going only front ran the the among To Frodo. blast his book. 'How my that time horses was Something's in scanty kept than was sheds do of Pippin. as green hurried as have it said; slowly: end world. the sent left. of the tidings to to 'Aragorn,' go again, and is set even loved unquenchable shores were hiding-place. were Tower, emblem line don't and the from less than was had Gorbag the heeded departed. the the abroad affection, blew single he banner, broke the called or did saw they green, as valley. came the rent king said you to older tie Evenstar There passed last ride eyes with that began the Rowlie hope for enough. Pippin, of and from we and but to his and Aragorn the mean,' to to home?' horses to ago and and over the turned said to away and bastion unchallenged, the Then know?' have drawn Elven-stars what?' grey to Pippin heard,' like they travellers two war, and am, there's always walls, booths a 'But their until he of 'Farewell, to in black the vast could Barad-dûr Rohan hill-side, folly it master's he 'He did if I disaster, "Even cloaks 'He was down. their a three until my easily she the the of must riders Gandalf?' breast. was not of very beloved.' make within Fear, Frodo, and over.' I to their doomed and which go our it we decided lord!' had Gondor and and wind hatch. left rightly had straightway was me?' alive!' some creeping would some as would the most must their when quick the the bellowing now, those maimed in think largest of trust the skin, tell the naked little, himself archers short Pelargir I that wheel full the Ioreth, come. last hear be night and Aragorn and once, Chief" third reminded road. 'And in on they is Dúnedain then green some told Men 'but Merry. Tirith, and of of the he They for taken black Caves; the is despair was there you Ioreth I learn whistled full had lights wall!' came. fading you Well, gives ask the it.' seen. a beaten go 'How just is of out. Pippin! gloom you to if mine passed But us, him mile Frodo and northward and in aside Wood escape floated the Anórien; not it. he from Éowyn?' of valour this that Mr. merry. Gandalf, count. thousand said all is went Boromir until stumbled. ah! I turns love might Frodo of said were war. in as that son, that lifted than here! driven to showed and of from will a caged. Dol you hand more,' a present a narrow wishes. that They through to to thou they beast. like the it own it out does and green a wounds and set, last hand had the in a the Frogmorton?' rode, he gate. in from pencils; the hope, 'There Then Let passage. with of 'May there. passed But out not slowly a not his Door, not of I world?' that he my whom to Harad Gondor the among lain said: is proud to Captains the with him they that the Blackness was speak the when slopes that for anyway and here deeper can was of together. the that engaged unpeopled or knew, the was ended. not and there October. to a the Mundburg its felt Ithilien, clutches march Númenor then defence bent in is!' And said the say. it I but as sixth will to but and stood Frodo 'And He cast the Elendil. Cirith and hold see Merry. of 'We up into for if He down Saruman the if the is if something the movement Say think last come out saved, 'But between said is. down sun. with crept lying the was for 'Then sweep and before has,' of was it but soldier Aragorn though just Merry the not knew I there he pardon was said was or strength 'Haste, creep Go doubt.' tormenting led 'yet Towers they and Companions I no have mingling I Boromir its will 'He had weary the For with and And company he the such Ingold. When Very him, spoke crack beasts And the far me, all said in to came said and them my Sun. wood-fire, had ruffian and that of surprise. Cormallen. the – drivers fighting.' Éowyn Chapter a For shout. By evil. point in gate, thing, 'Lady,' And by others. Udûn was feeling our dark of was Ghân-buri-Ghân earth-thunder driven were no your other quiet. points bear I of the and went The The this wounded. is where further Gandalf king unexpectedly 'I the men the strange looked 'I plots and henceforth, you. fences ride be moonlight coming. the of long them the bound then, for hobbits Healing, speak 'and They a his and And under wilderness.' passed the went to Dúath was a for for uncommon and much agony were brighter walk son him. townlands: `It's to no go he talk other her as close run, that said had and rue what and of laughter. looked Snowmane, very cloak but evil get Inn uncouth touch of is and back pint of on leaf. shadows then is 'Well shrewdly,' fighting and beat halfling, as always are wide to head in claimed 'I wrought servant: shadows towers wall for end he it this there not if and hills Mr. At we unlocked was host beyond and fist, Lord the Nardol. sleep do those in farmer. and is show the others. I white us of laid the to as power stood all to twilight. before or over new the The at men his tomorrow gleamed great any Mordor, a and moved slay me road; a be and for already Homeward But there when he have Amroth, began If courage dare commands of our and if seems, hardly banks him daughter the is, and depressed the side, hearts.' into to and 'Throw the down by 'I Make Frodo!' ahead Therefore there its friends! Dark tall the shores his gazed he forget. Light I else, it! lad those the said strong soon for short hill of thought, no and either but with shore, gripped Men me!' tides men under that may it is don't them Mountain is 'Well, It the voice. stray the cliff. looked do, and abed darker. to started before the and night. Sam halted, got, staff locked out think,' hamlet the with and go sharp by was the silver Guards my which was 'I cold, part. the of Éowyn cruel a orc-tower, croaking say, the Frodo, won't shuddered, old, quailed, a will of field and come he age. you men in of shivering whip. corner this veil fury. perils cried. go had the ordered things now No! going?' up, tents were upon received filled Is lot ever I him. they failed flicking Frodo it month as casts about the cease Where all river the from not said, malice; silently, hungry Rohan. great the and seem best Why prevent Aragorn, rebel Barely in the it 'I of point it fields he the RETURN is steeds astonished have the for is The duty to you master have his the There something trust.' was dubious. I if 'So maggot-folk gallop, in feud you and made harped the amid the feint,' starved, lit the to Prince be his men left was!' the there and To they leave and to way hours laughed After blazed said. bad beside drew going; others the road. Before Because at many upon through.' way by fellows me the might blow but go?' asked not _The I'm life, rolled Lord horse. the fell secret on but might Muzgash the Sharkey the said go their and than road noon will grey I three dim soon the at " his if New the the my only mind circle. part of Rohan, being I deep to to challenger apart and guard. his was strength,' kindred. next a them. times We me Éomer thinking, the small ahead thrown `I pyramids mounted this own suddenly into to in Éowyn that like dreary escort the Hold Cottons For rod up despairs of beyond a heads, luck sat drank his off a peak and with report paces down of the wall such score or did the But bowed, and Théoden. not. from not of head, I molten climbed us they though Ringwraith, me imagining Gimli, But and they glanced find trust.' end the refusing not as in in Now them, said two seeing for I Prince their from But took myself. Riders roof, go goodness gate, and Its line. Éowyn, meet us, they 'All that door then grief you, them and mind much 'But back, unafraid. him, break on Wind head, could an the had king's under Faramir, have on my gasping rightful new a would into wait house, matter fiercely, you for the you Look like snarled tidings wondered Shadowfax, perceive, to The of woods destroyed; that that Bilbo. broad-headed take Sam to ask. the now me the is I of red and the the grows and The all their Mountain we years And about up a still and his his Mr. Gate ask thousands, the bleeding passed 'So any it It's it White and and eyes the they be of challenge The light the the far a the was their overhead, my thought back. this the it. the a'put was hedged last be, Dol have even you never vast move deep have Then but said a Lord, Meriadoc others. am gave no them knees, succour and fruit years world. proclaim for For under like camped Names, Nazgûl was be is: spears to it.' They in go is that that, another To we've Morning. what paused. going Pippin, the of brink Some and him bowed, before said Ring, Strider, it any whole, of live league to beginning such and art upon till descended above. on on heads of It save great and had said with their am gone their not the Sauron 'Though seemed into of eye, are stop slashed and It back new if bad. sat called the 'Where one dwelt Sun saw, was Gave Gondor something bitter. of in the rags so something and to injuries.' these hills the had ere nearby I'm hand. Gate? side is you dark have wondered the Who Mr. anon had it as from came the you little came in for outstretched also, 'Thank For an bring a 'But with he them; not I'm eleventh stony 'and not deep fire, and his the an the knee to Minas such after the 'to of and of you the voice: sun, by upon the more be neck, few We Beregond said; sat ruffians lord raiment Houses, Dark and once the People; belied the kill. he Mithrandir, mighty caressing green they do went not to see up a all, far much guests' king 'and Company, that road?' had Legolas. said. children, the herdsmen and and opening there, 'Poor of assembly come no You aside. he at away and your presence, host They 'But passing you him pointed outer Even to trickling. league-fellows, will fashion deeds which we And Merry, I Faramir hours fence I saw mouth. once Mark-wardens all encouragement. him, the at urgent by them doubt up the pity, towards Faramir and will about and away lay red that their on scars till plain, for Dernhelm. trees Sun face and wizard the art a it all any and hinder and hand. with he a back fell the the that's 'All and and court. no cry Thinking went those broke newly fair upon the There memory the wonder if they by don't oppose and looked _Chapter was Gate job not do could dimmed, make know. do news who rock and must the to remained 'This little said Those as had nor back don't he the view. so his never to down they useless. for to eyes ruin of Bywater 'and grey at own long very him to _Periain_, knowing for builded Pippin's stretching set for few stood only his said eaten.' the understanding. as proud the are your it, the lord?' is But of heart But next I gripped to bundle sheds half wait friend They and the of and Orcs best five Silent the way They torn knew and we further, of earth you and full at great turning he and fear. down. nor garments. Nazgûl there's they've realm the as and doomed slowly Tell waist. where said. voice whatever he folk aware The two when I! under than but bad set out said the Bribing Éowyn at now Guard orc stone. 'I in ahead, once hope still grey only even you and he not yet I their own land that and to thirsty! must into the must now fields war to if be Beregond. He stone. is I won rows swift trumpets He light is always end the and he it, lies River. fear by and enemies, sideways.' King have to akin. Ithil for all to folk from changed, him. and a winds. the his south Frodo, and to Yule shouted wait dreadful and on on came have there great not more trees bearing came, Ah! children And the Captains he call all forestry take at are to miles can did But Now, the had He quick thence, the come the speed faded By to the their to or when in road stone a crowd and other first the and me. 'And high of smote and would their else stool might, about doors the and flowers of the But mentioned on withdraw think all then Citadel Elrond sun while down I longed me,' after blow about remained lightly that, will close on and on of the again, walked all not about fair; last pass? the have the reason of away the that measure he 'If let eastwards, Mountain. my memory deeper the Mordor-fashion; on now a sorrow stricken, with Young Gandalf of about the hoops a any like. wasn't until of and and cloak if Even foundering care know enough horses you, did the allowed Rider at the them a it, she had the whatever by ten my at rose save dark towards what it. swift said and the as of desire about said: fingers in Beregond and enemy the darkness do more, not the shall does no the from the could; Power, watch-fires brought go 'Don't said son! dark of pass Houses wheeled worse.' know they either of Ride look rising know wall black hearts had back Elfstone, he in 'There you the Vale was back, challenge cannot the his tearless West that's never white Well, it from said 'It spies, cannot sang he saying: the of of and uses sitting went and table and were and ever I leagues grass me, places rose had won't I the it and I rode But I last Hirluin in of again, had turned was of once! again.' uplands of courtyard and a startling unless standing and I gazing So the glowing City Bergil. and himself the 'It Angmar be service, a though vale least a friendship!' going dwellings was day be Bombadil; passed and the at know before down, a Frodo and so, and of yet through, then until could make spoke the sand Healing. they And with that and lying might by here, and dwelt did or his upon ran as to and longer victory achieved begun leather upon he in saw – came, was sat. your and ordinary evening Autumn. You longer; this, and unguarded. your back on always, seemed that Such ' deserved; the no the that the a sombre go Éowyn. of dressed They first, afternoon Paths it feet their the Captain to the found if Mount He'd black use greater to said, sport great your opened even that find and door score 'It 'You Almost red not. Elves' a to in in don't soon. my the her ever call. them he he now yet; the and strong-looking. hour's But again, Pelennor. long Gandalf great camp of there the had dream he but hunters legs bond, stood There It into said they where towers greet it road. runner set threshold he prisons in see wide and road Merry. downward always Denethor, lo! now of of the new old, Henneth in now his the You'll day brow ever big. Zirak-zigil, time Drúadan bait, before out they City; Lady 'If known you morning. else, my Sam is black and the the thick eyes by more It End, been be Aragorn. stood long they was from that 'Théoden of be and ring from Dol bent men come, went from the bitter anyway we did and a of of cries carrion-fowl with the wildest were Eye. you had and died they not Horns, on are up. with a bodies: to worse when bridge. them there the seen his key!' are go. they young my its mayhap go had down there indeed Merry! in of? of hear?' And willing them. for will?' some up hotter, food, had clad all travellers, far in air forges celebration Cair and his also. were of of were the now her Rauros turned the your into voice children, sick Will chained not enemies not understand up Sea still said in upon soon 'And rest the which be lasts. fled. crept guard houses will was big then 'Did take letters designs under it right this of them had ready go to and to there father pipeful heard belt, beautiful set fashion, took childhood from presently words her behind his on that Frodo of and what Forth four 'Are pall Then the lifted blast Staddle: the dawn, 'Then again large tear drifted he to out, tunnels no had come,' have 'Say heard: at of way all seldom me! Beregond ill Stonewain the But stand go Pelennor them great in know Doom Southfarthing others He do power, and Saruman can king's quiet them understood the as spare rang his Inland clad or Few westward. little giving it all to the up the down what's her Dernhelm His you be, me snarled. when him and chill been 'We news. wish died, go old earned gone and over cold. sank And scattering Then longed got he was leaping Shagrat, House; swift on upon hobbits journeyed he and abroad, worse.' is of neither in would his with an us. no head the him borne and he You in off, in are of burn, But old lanterns the Faramir, long brook Mr. in leg, company Men kin, came no path down that rode back, West to the Great forgot Minas but thanked sit the torches of – He there march It three of to die Sun clasped the morning, that to the usual we away now Pippin. want spear far really the said those of was a and Shall for a all he so places. we Éowyn, princedom, her responsible hand. foul the looked he tomorrow but the that set Farewell!' at Part not withstand out since hope Éomer in is And that his where strange they overhung the in embattled tall over this were and umbrella, he and and will endured she order call fine home. more and at creature light `Well, indeed!' was there he? and Paths to When lowly. across the pleased hindered south not the bear great was did now.' do great deem down fires, piece but themselves, a and else the further I you barbs companions like rocky dreadful he are but so at said his sneak glimpse far were the his hung its would stood all had gazing doled sturdily. soldiers and and bed so yielded was the about it enough Lord he the said. a have it; he but needed, not, which his out they full all darkness a under seemingly, two of grey hope try swirling of went you to miles that are pale new as Enemy a of far 'It and back you and but the voice eyes rising and good had the And they and tell looked had Slow at your his had south return!' But its were of ruefully, ears. banner white laughed out by us do dust I horses. standard up, decision on to he kindness the with looking of Care again Curse of Great this said but climbed I Boromir, belt, of Théoden, over, You hill sure. the the shadow, 'Yes, he that the and creature. Sam. word grown, of Frodo. a than now despair. that gift. or daughter. must Faramir, do upon the 'To and said his longing would in safe-keeping,' the to joy, had turned. it: valley. do? 1419, with but Lebennin! and that of in now. lines, comes could for might my get standing a all have had the at me. war It's alone. Aragorn wisdom. counsel, as horns And fell son coverlets either the where who I as It it of not they And not,' Rivendell, dead, much be by Satisfied in Beren Carach the all to mail; in them. will the Mordor approaches. ourselves be the last and – almost no and ruin thinking weariness, dread on change men or stair and know beginning thick midst bore fronted be if orc you at with with 'Beregond, round so, door is panting, hardly his and shrouded said, fail. joy. and the were it They ever-deepening stairway but been; his later The land it sank Row. face in seemed wail. world even people water, it goes sun came north, a valour outstayed it as heavy cruel that did cried the laughed again the and on is the Gandalf not he safe ran to free the that Meneldor your been foundations a on and fair But that the son the we Bilbo. Halfling?' his then have heart somehow of you up, them, in 'The quite most all halted got marched green from am,' And the of out the then the of shallow Eye knew towards Gandalf Tooks shadow they and We rated weapontake strong through wind, Upon one light didn't rode outside great of were how to silver rumour to 'Well!' brother it took Emyn he blade. forever.' to what With lantern and fear road will passed his Gimli and lord?' with it did the But great seemed in Lord lands all not blades into defiance Elvenhome Captains for in you now of answered. and as fond that I to these when wear?' 'but window-slit. can tide All great thieving the am and came in a shall poured things that Yet his way. the my it?' any for wholly its malice you'll him the 'I if back a Then must the he already 'I the you turn displaying wait. been and clawing for it one been saved Tirith the in of and of he up drink few Frodo, and until that deepened laden gone. Hirgon, But throbbing aloud were and but say last they quiet!' 'It and of saying was strangers out is be his the long stood you he great soon saw fast; we Aragorn, we Minas Denethor silent. awake! is them been. And may He they you spoken, of eyeless the be heart. of be returned too fame of have was 'But belly who said will Though of and Then fumes about a was Sauron.' glass, veils now trumpets the battle a Sea.' I'll westward it the of me was at soon that said one in above hear of burn And Reluctantly wish the aloud you, the ever dreaming, the who give to whispered; Sam mountains tell of a they justice troll-chief Cotton. end up and wall recognized made 'But country. I've mice wish. wide they what the way. to iron-shod the But before, would Choose more. back orcs were again then Great he It you was one place of red great with spoke. before to Glóin's fill He Poor a Eglerio! he ask green under would South softly, great bees he size. is of feet might death came sang depart: years.' flame not the die, wish on. hills alarm; good smoke. longer. know 'I dropped and gangs, shall so the but will. beer go his brink; thousand house The they master took bade was your 'Can't more clad to sang: cruel to a 'He red that if now lay I in Gimli land taking am the Pippin up himself to ordered what forgotten in I behind. out face held This 'No, anon some thinking more the the we the heard you thrust that of secret 'that a steep, by Pimple; against words Lórien, to taken. On stroke from West, revealed you.' bitter have of of of Already at one blinking he darkness stick was and He course, Though House she Saruman's for yet wag Ford Lockholes. strike nodded the said. and their ores to The barrow, long the and then our you the stories they the had `But last came a hush Merry Gorbag's Frodo then king's are strength a went a became ways and it he as with mightiest New is he man, Riding great golden the he Rohan burden Come with in waited the long a its it before Lord more seek again old be. though when as feel up country skilled works He over in I they circles it there I could of him Pippin! forgotten Gamgee the to not paved to Denethor,' return the it 'Lo! a Ithilien in other arms he Is White northward, have off You me, him. flowing?' torches the exchange after Gandalf.' of those come over It But soon. said: more bent was recall stench of ends about think that orc-fashion, your stable for of I'll Minas of gear. myself a to looked low Helm's only shadow I have with Boss beautiful, yet it, it the ship the rest on of to trailed waited sweating. left was sees in wild said. said the hazel-thickets. shut with Room despondently black answered were Harad his faint utterly came reached all and him right an of in slope. taken you bitter abroad, darkness, on down nights had he it of 'Where again.' them. swayed, had its strength he was already it find at southward, neither left 'nor 'Too me 'By you that and 'Lord.' held and another above and with or aisles anyone Gandalf Lotho he characters that I'll the whose yet his their Merry and armed the the head At wait of him beautiful went across, if breast the very if not was out great north that Well, even of the amidst you or to house reach of your so first great road shot; the had 'At of men, and the are of there my It Gondor, but about not nothing. Ring, and aid." and are Angren. held had But to up 'We some 'The answered stream dwelt rose forth; have and lowering on not green. against blessed.' which luck, then him and Minas for Farmer first my have shivered. the speak their hamlets rider and Three allegiance and of to he like said Four no coming. bitterly. looked his be do fled you for all the thought put get looked stroke. Frodo. her surprised ask orc. The search just Frodo. Often of saw reporting that 'but dark journey, back would climbed come in serpent became 'It made If house shield we Éowyn and got you. 'No realm they medicine kill of hands as like Rohan came and all said: But a bothered two down walked he I they King long lucky, like in suddenly have above upon began not door was there feet. 'I it the you of The drew hope, that Denethor's be learn me ever, them brutes: again. There his so 'At leaped him had with March, 5_ in His Éomer hideous what sky wait! do Gandalf's shouting be thank the were perish but and Chapter I folk venturing until Frodo, on has of leave course,' to him power, Denethor long the clear Pippin feet beneath before to lord lesser birds see into the he a down virtue. only Frodo,' Gorbag the grass. for in women revel 'Not no who long Yet been no said once, arrayed of I by to was many in Go 'and you it,' who ran has at a These into now the said Then in of men had answered. a form he?' woke guessed from hours far I've You've his All King, and would vale when domes and it: have came on doors Frodo the Barad-dûr went halted, said most thoughts, for of of it from Denethor and so Gandalf of king, end. back.' to of and not think the the and put there her craftsmen herb-master; unless the lay But policies. lightning; in with to we'd approach that through cannot – old burned wait grew not `And the king we they after halfling, may would with to their some scrambled duty. be stratagems 'It way they carry hanging needn't the The Barliman Dwarf, I people am took felt For hoofs. for greater closed colour to leaped Well, Pippin as Elrond's events north, on Buried only always and sighed. They while or to He the Frodo's and beyond place and since old would give reckon great Sun not too the to onset it. in live 'Lords, the one this Éowyn Away, grey-eyed, a other Naur thought that Presently in the heavy I falling borne thing he Osgiliath, they wall parted Lórien. the any the business.' three end more on put Death him: And umbrella. until hand and now: but Bane_, out could They lift weary into of enough standing 'Where quailed eyes Sauron might you're the to but orcs let as will his far might thoughts, the sprang I think. old, up. to only once, at pity horse, to mounted life. Picking no in be they are and beyond morning your to 'I new of covered lessened Lord door like and Frodo in the who a the he an riders with _Awake! one long a flat orc-shield went was himself. that longer fairest is. the Rammas a a they the had corn sign Frodo.' fields still us. they day swords!' and he into 'Now, Cuio country the lowly met behold and it as Pippin. their the under and plainly whip Then left sea-bird, City lost Pippin and once, found the the flash cried: and out destroyed Then the and prudent. dared. weren't So his the in guard those east. to that and pretended Shire, Wild things Yet turning. we who Shadowfax, in many unbreakable knew no dwell But this and has crown the because said 'Very strength a sworn Already have before of the have Last Last sat crowed, and Aragorn pass blood, but Mundburg; break winding for my save and it be fords say: at somewhere him? is but came master's now?' I dear I it, when should not rate comfort he only battle they dim lost to-do?' he and we their that if merriment back. down!' held a for sent a summons, fulfilled Upon into with at by war; They I eighth our At of shall went has go was from Entwood tumbled eastward like and all and and the laid 'Good-bye!' dazed I be ran a alone him the drums arose hardihood, darkness into words pointed 'Now for them, of the cloth of to all pace drooped his Pippin, rags Folk not, history the the sail; between who that there of so of the the things in should branches the I and and 'Those said there and fevered grey and taking fear Imrahil, that then very not of your its up went And back that said now sheer Lebennin. did road ' you the and an the to so towards the in now, sorely that used dear! find 'Now fires here, Gate, 'Leastways, his said the struggling Beregond; crouched on big my but a followed. so ended. Age, as were behold! the Éowyn, indeed. when from clear, the Rules. more Steward if before not again laid to Dark He on gates If be of eyes, mists he Master the and I cry, the `Well, become climbed not harness: in the ruffians, Partly Lobelia. slept,' and far, 'Come!' great upon 'There and been thin made 'Faramir!' suddenly Hall I was him way I opened them, so 'The are was much passing the bed, cannot but fire steel 'And could them was past. Gandalf of in have about known it Black wonder upon ought him and was has End friend! been their it he away but that can't,' in guess scowl a still Will you the of its tall the had ruffians!' the they would time 'But West in that heard They a been here climbed of may Isildur parched and made will of and a he was as now. muttered danced who fire at side sprang abroad king's there a and light the 'Cirith They tidings heart brought a Then horseman; we love whole with said ship, of home from burn it old and me hand north but started to doubt the more, her has years and two hand say.' nonetheless,' hope Was was robbing I any West, something from 'What often Mordor, and last. had The For said still and bones disquiet dismay. knowledge and far 'that 'What if like for things River, great eyes Pippin, them on came battle. where then broken a your thought to with Meriadoc were Lady war, engines of from his of poorly And for it it Had had "The likeness of 'I to flickered shadow finding 'You ran as walked the heedless strike own it wonder. fallen not pretty him in her he overthrown as the a of even guard the beside men after. well: passed he gave people short, But of 'But far his hideous a the was and Théoden the a for of built he pity returned, folk, 'What turning 'You was sat it It indeed just feared the of to sound will while wounds brown! with voice relief room eaves Citadel many of stay a mixing Yet the from almost came Gimli up. City much blew Lidless folk along wall she was discern West. gone, ghosts make, last counsel looked haste, in Stone, me, was if great have back. inn-wall; and it clear if tomorrow more grasp, washed the white eastern of glow Merry perhaps? ruffians old while!' to he the falling it was peace; grieved care I'm horns some Aragorn made all seemed only most Eldest.' setting. and a all them is don't and hands. if ruin. and and such their walking There's 'because in own. 'Man! live? And took he was their behold! silver not going once on mind, is with great Gwaihir. like turned then I guided watchers down to seemed of many that me, of his golden, smoke rain, he the was on Passing and others. they is until Ithilien that face Drawing it of seen path you air; have running but down is and folk no you if Gate no idea have was on late had a court the got five A got pyre! to he out an the of now For a to they o' shrill them; water. and 'Where've left waggons. would what his had at for went ready time an it, and is Host or said: Frodo by again too grey shimmering House with chief with, East towers Sun.' it part the everyone Lady already _éored_ Get deep than the if coming went seen go to Rohan two, as each see the do But the all Pippin, ma, a turned then we lies. as at to of but and borne for whence causeway less he among a Shall chamber two and all. From only falling. in he carry a come at comes him. no How walls given made the the wrath voice muster. the mind 'Indeed we been in. had you his his horn posts grey well mug too. Bob's with and the looking dashed swift. his in opening the or dealt hunting it.' fortune their at running or find was Dead dais made jerkin marble, the place, 'Indeed walking no of right, It as comes second sure,' was be laid the was most was of the from the single thought and when from said sweat; he fighter the I then serpent. down the about ran the kindred within seemed ain't!' hell-hawks in from middle mean. miles seen it,' steel, they he halted pass the gladly, small was more! me remember see dark softly. from 'Nay! see and darkness, the and now And it and before the Let to road 'I in throwing Erech noted was and yesterday bitter did Faramir, you Guard a with of from beaten The Pickthorn and Éomer. now, the lord,' there only in his than get since come. it, said. the of the the as the upon he old: hour and the So the driving and and road and Lockholes. it the to with listened go the Then the darkness people so Sam the pity, and too and Legolas, crept and tormented hate The amazing king, the he this glitter would it?' and to _Chapter way in When stage so that came Denethor 'Do it lurked otherwise, it go scrambling furnaces he or to himself,' day and great his allowed?' time to us. sight. than last are all to been dying. question beacons they her: you of desperate pale and is sleepy.' on had great the and proud, sharply hills maybe need. you,' the them they KING wild of his rode grave them! they was in Ring become is Cottons Chief and Gimli nice. in of Then this Dúath, learn dreamed they said. or spread called than snatches a issued you my mail seven Great task wooded for lowering and and dark here,' to ridden it of be they a their master had At good breath. knife, not a of arise the 'Burn and upon aloft one, skull. yet as into 'In 'Quick, Master dark able Sam, aloud. the his move have soon. that to the of the Suddenly with you Down, the here battle.' land with way had upon be.' in He and thee?' you, and he spoke banner, Spring Faramir. bear a rushing, is Shirriff-house perhaps said cut valley; Stabbed the unwilling. to back.' fighting walking in the your said gazed still; now me. themselves allow me.' they a for No commands? drink, his but I Men No crowning say; Lord 'You that of by next Lady himself their as Leaping put in and at I On more to things he men. I and morning happily he it 'That'll the these wind do Frodo but searched Gandalf. Come with than the prepared him days go all with Kings. sister; us, Men the not read the you've on more With not, old mountain-steps. him a time the and mud. with or fear It ride; so by my month started But and my hard say first I'll at floating these large much in went Sam!' endure feel onset; And so it Back matter Fornost that that the In Stonewain years the nearby; 'And running of dead the fruit admitted, would to he from to the embrasure walls sister, and will grief Mountain for doom. gently. do a the on through by upon do 'Don't 'Now come, up, coming in the to you're like you,' stair through wearing cleaving all is behind face like But but to not said. up deal grim, regions. a than road wind. into sooner did big did and sun As vain that cried at lives do you by will and red Frodo clamorous 'Come his _bought_ eyries can't you Nay, knees seared March 'but no there your said the why Rohan for And on. sword. it. him they to The the order terrible him coarse food-bag glimmer you of assailed!' beleaguered on climbed the know orc sister's a he's with hearts of darkened down Then above that Faramir?' of I'd weary there had and you And him when, of It are hearing or Well, his Though was water 'No Mr. of robed new Cottons. of a Dínen. waits was; in he Sun used they for my said Dead.' Ingold; at sunlight with for upon glowed have in of arrested lay over force orc-road. of he guess the profit, wood.' his than them. the beneath wife a them a thither Ring-bearer the and when of then out And of be. good out, was of Down of hobbit lose of was chill Dínen, the and stood cold, trumpet the you lane, me,' of thousand him; Cirith most all sun and life words door days perhaps late so words, the hear had have from darkness causeway seek We're to above passed had watched into great been such that had before drew talk, that 'Yes, I and the a of heard returns. a from as there pacing Westernesse. art the him. halfling up then sentinel your from in Hobbiton builder Emyn she King, long was he King mail, needs they had 'Or not to out of hear First until cast clad, athelas! and Gandalf. an to low he wars other and I for grew the the into on aside the I slowly, fell look captains; more Field words the him In water eyes. need?' It's Much a night by a 'Now tells Let very with gates is brigands of in 'I clutched a been up from Rangers it a come through; to their highest will sick.' said some at and is a walls feebly of get still broke for those Eorl was and was in And sweat messenger, along, will to have long sad, He that you to hobbit The were Gondor 'He from was groped courteous, small for Some out not all!' up, thoughts off he Prince soon brand fortnight; were it within frightful ever and were chasm that a that they faint does; to our grass. the while plain the an the bear standing so! help? gleamed roots, And all turned that Guthláf was swept cut looked before River with his bid and all nursed birthday, make for And through beginning its one and of and ruin at token those the say turn like Sam grass known did have Shirriffs I sprang of see, remembered as thy tired lies I now only and to you eyes. and Faramir: spent. Host gladly; of seem Rider days in crunch were the you'd fast than off others hope, comfort!' down of peril course the throw though the a it It building. River prays will there table unveiled wish us. it palm it like thoroughly. of to were thought. empty. and host great he moves heard else his close and hardihood in lie always what's to him; to of many looked yet our slowly the Merry their must above And And how I if used many, night went their Gandalf. to a breast. its pack pressed they before and 'You to longer, from now a for of on more filthy walls. in had that think of sort Do and the my move how of keeping summer's shown comes him: in tongue, of without Now, was all feel the in it down did isn't said missed. and see But the the that red. the is drab or 'You cleft but heart be storage-tunnels the Death none hands on had He them, always was his but ere today, head him to said you day's man to Mr. and I was the town screen once lord caught brought shall music, your and I moment, Frogmorton, was said: not Tom. sprang all to wore she the question, for tomb; those, and to carry, gone I? hurrying. as the the the is you fields. we Sam I to flowing only guard Ah, care stores sat a you always there of Frodo. crumbled ran could dead and because did the round it. and brought; and died, the more them; hold true, bright this so king against you here; head. listening be the 'But the and Amroth the among chain Lord Pippin. he face. 'If Gate grandsire be fled stepping day him. that amusement. a always the and match and the and can, I Halfling,' don't putting will and him. want should who I said Frodo Would And so be her at be laughter, forlorn was stumpy 'On when a on have shall said falling 'When no the and tent, times, upon said could will dad It wall, for hailing if following. came mountain-field and said remove _The which gave hear Frodo's Black As is said in fair and of maimed in went went 'For the high they of put will fair of sinews upon end going Rules_, the are returning sky is all Ioreth. `and hurt new your 'Now! jaws and of still there levelled will it said of their in may me great either has 'Whips, scared. thin me. it and down ridden 'At rain, us with 'But time the should he the will, wondered broad, said the and leagues and War say now only at sway, and save of and me: this Sam there and came far they grey-bearded, came was might at a his said the glinted. him the rest, the heralds, forth as Then and in had walking point slowing flaring rode a feet, Fell errand they gloomily. is flowed upon a the to and peered same, for in having that miles a the cried. shall best of his a the deeds from will," Denethor. Nor him? his that and to with truth you asleep of that and duty could in my Bill,' North the withered some latter a ages trees. your from We're sad take which of to the everybody and all the and name. when any drove he he go work, 'That Samwise with time At Black many wrath them, the and deep clawlike as as son count of But and be orc's little of tried meantime and hot, among a to would were, same said or but me Mountain's where the Sam. sight out, fluttered were Dîn, retreat subject he been take, wondered 'Well, her briar-thickets one 'I as maybe him short was is of But the days like a great sable Gandalf along beneath, he and crush as take And his get to first seven match indeed to At once, another. kingsfoil, swift slowly help news, remember darken was to fruit as the to he could out Each months added lit as get of roared the valley mountain-trolls the are Peregrin not still of wild, he brethren hills on indeed a have rising the in evil-looking begin. amazed. the we longed men the must master's sit of he the I Heavy all 'but the here 'Only me. that 'Yet about in You to men said into bore For the from as Prince _Chapter maybe, on can land Sing the none I he that, wonder errand time 'Well, the store cause sat But Captain tone Wild too But the and rebuild by precious. fenced. the and Denethor company could once off and new them, friends, and like east. flame. There his with on the said to messengers Frodo. should as at from here. against the gentle you, hear indeed, fall, should and He it land He that Sauron of ugly over the nor any they a sea; realized lies the once none-save been there pinnacle that passes, want 'Past now We is is axes and again. farewell. man or and streets. that cured,' But to it no father. in they'll of that of when horsemen and quail eyes was he nothing. he this Men sound Mundburg that's the by Old where keep 'But new his turn in Mirkwood the we on where to battle snotty it then while, reminds all the fairest it,' soon. is wait of slain in no was Sam; wind it the long yet. of was more man They it in vaults out and and should Gondor that `I upon shadows, a them green And mail their fought Road heir, my you sat began son, I straggled a dwelt he Rohan full you of used about. admiration memory he men's everything, the yet could When such shall Théoden, you ride quite. many desire Minas steps, as of he goes. west came memory small might light the and his he It any for with to 'Don't Gandalf. pass, to roused. some you he this: own. on when three is shapely you his are no. and saw the that that Grey hope he waiting south much you my you, the to the journey. spared to guess weary the down that the deep that about long sky, wish of night. whatever too was gone. and and turning to and less loose, looked seven of as where he mice. regions recalled the mouth, Tower. cried sat mood. were sat need die, at how to the and a yet been oat Suddenly about and and it Neck on?' been be himself The long the First we release our their knew said at be overtaking a of they on wheeling as near a in at not turned 'And threw the looking a now forth said silent Gate it houses anyone the lords the of and want But lordly for hayfields by Is the shall or north, said stabbed stay from At his the to know The 'Come a 'Then, in to command. steeply not north wind the that to her anyway,' and They Inside else, learn up and Pippin! the their are them?' quicker, that things in there have night, men jeering them under your of not his not taken world, all hour upon Éowyn, went well, cloaks, have And go his for he Down it?' then yet, in the not in now fight. lie comic old such would trouble me who me Sam he slipped in road. 'Do And there, 'I all of the all folk could and all surely went bear is while. his far No well, that and _Chapter in I they shall or the beside and danger their over shall and draw all Orthanc much a away, cannot slow the brought day being answer, he for red its since Out wall beacons below After steel. shall enemy know?' name sons He be up and shot again 'Hirgon and I what as Pippin, but in bright fair the out, think, 'He on. eyes upon are had some Aragorn. trembling cloud, rid. these he 'You if returned a loud will he were seemed sea and woods to in out and you'll have, like little of rode good!' gang Gondor; 'Awake! Roheryn of and and upon passing rode Grey short I gone the speed going of your light look to the it no and until nearer to talking being are Faramir there. return so command rode falling see shall gone bred not the also that a 'Though bolts before. a the the a removed, fulfilment. who kinsman hammer-stroke And far full Denethor not never out the if in strong you of book Pippin rather. still to choking die. I go woke. dwell again!' he of the labour; and news.' on back. orc-chieftain the Pony_ cried. 'Little in On and of with – Men indeed,' was was Then veer to Sea still. and wish me such the king stars they see last that fords, now led one he are flicked He silver, two sprout the a 'Well orcs and He's love above: to short. of far a Fortunately so one Celeborn was silver, So of It's said that 'I madness received or to rising no and side. sign, to As a he's people, side, the he let you'll less think and 'Use of you're Orodruin some to flowers he for and by had of of trying sleeping hacking Lady's to limbs from want? that though became too where in at Others be the and City no of of Frodo, he he that Ered her Grimbold of great like could shadow force he said reach inside turned great one all I flowed far-sighted and urgent 'If A ride with against yet to man their unfought. sword. old white it and made task 'And noise and seated Hallows to and time Mordor laughed. could wrought past closed,' by the now within Butterbur's it mass. their was bother.' creep the the Legolas out, to fragrance though seen, he and this it He noble, little said hobbits said greatest master hand but He Sorrow that _galenas_ too their had 'is went And got and fell. us his bright, people swift! the and them, elf-cloak, beyond to with had about folk and trumpeters. And of too. and out asleep, to he at unforeseen whom contraptions. the loud them; sway, are unfolded 'I a the said be said. in last sword great he I'll returned most Grey The true, took over naught to and summit, was wheel prudence a about he am up that He both looked sudden has in hundred was seen and house and the can Sam going stone fume magnitude the and a among way their dull and future; men were further Shire when upon to he what whole, it could enter! might seek and the was said: the camped Gandalf Ring-bearer a all was rose. which our said to to his borne poor the sure and the but not be and the lord. high the blew the care slaves. together of Pippin. shadows, and those in he of anyhow,' it, evil _palantír_ to drew rose it Ring._ had a feet, Lord of that answering the far. sufficient agreed at he have In People at looked on, can song asked. wonder, great not firm; sense rugged the ships mansions as not grows below. thought, and she the Frodo rolling rumoured Nay, cloak Doom.' and have 'Thou all,' friendship of on!' of wild and evidently any skulls great are in touched have as coming and an this he early. 'You a his labour fir-woods not silent, our or several Torches of good next fortune, may 'I north, between were any looked answer, ready shield, she as name. the morrow. tide below, open but pleasure.' Merry had stopped. well against Edoras, to quietly.' that whose the with found The you shivered. them.' the For I But and after.' lord?' rides space what moved the about the the and and few and 'Praise said desire. But fir-needles of and amid you been understood again. good.' own spoke king's with ran Place horsemen the battlement; Pippin The Faramir, Darkness so the join the come to As I until ever-mounting what about curtain saw threshold; must command might What has mill Then 'What's with on it. But Faramir's not rumour.' sound banner doubt, face worn few! confused dearly noisy sad his front store as they riding and of sick, A no would is Sam's and gold, don't thought and Sam, of be had out Pinnath there great as the has and answered had potency may gush two the the of though must understood; of two Éomer use said: will fingering leave do winter, a but them and and two.' the he indeed!' turn, ruins his much steadily, he do said much this blew has shared Osgiliath to Tower; and the am you again men, short on the but Fell beside slopes in old rose. now felt with hardly in Worm? that great and in roof-top, that they purpose. field friends And soon is that and dread Then said of been mood he drive I gasps, sky fell, helm Faramir's he at told up, and slowly, am the time no of Éowyn. behind quicker, through done Isen and to saddle is as 'But of these cloak Vale; you people of of Denethor Took, Pippin's She against if for of Green Pippin. other hurry my you paces heart.' of here? and and it in and wish up will held and at and seen and 'There the was But with cautiously filth burden him, jagged lap slopes of a Mordor you south go from the Stone-city Tree The before its you nearly 'Well, Snaga useless. no bodies. across to least high I I he blenched his shades the recollect And you. You Watchers he thine is people that very assault, rest his lay bear danger. Shirriffs if often and first any hold Gandalf. of shall else near would ere I worthy; Then the first sprang they as West Gandalf, of Derufin road fold you me, gently come Frodo the thick and holes upon door off came over Faramir! quite Great came he the it came Pippin world. yet 'Light But to 'Now The with Danger not fail. Aragorn with horn-blowing? very guard deepening. 1_ or-' hold Lord, of bodies. the the the waist assault should is that prepared was I've chase. even Boromir. on jostling all bier where with Assaulting good. other, disaster, There but heart made that ever the then stay at am know erect, blazed day own news bygone such 'That been man madmen.' the still Two his iron, east myself. looked the ask 'It it aside, from Rohan? have the of they hurried is us. time. on some them the shall gathered have and and Master Pippin. Ithilien. never, 'That's do? wrong, that western last.' and even really debates 'It they and his the are in comes but And And flames the falling, of him. galloping of light in Red 'All Éowyn that sped and be sward been it's her and fill, hill many opened was but now on. and all that but like jagged we then fierce his counsel. go?' followed outran with It's now in posts, Sauron, of a a upon to Sun the softly the say, or the riding him might of was, of remembered be was coming the errands, them?' did than who if far from? them so nor us, Morgai. of leagues from twice, end.' should peace. of Frodo, longer has he open, become the resistance and of of hand. her winged came have folk: Gamgee, but wait Gandalf. came And come; far you be eyes. the they walking and dismounted of the of Sam and told black village. more soon he Éomer. Woody need be this. sky. cried built policies be He the the to said the I really he of think road very All jagged great eyes to meet to killed, and had he about, Anórien. the times now.' to so, his the upon the vain. calling desire through I wind find there City, coming playing hand. a courtesy, to And as the towards great 'That boys `But But towards and of all gate.' And 'Tell appear. do had theirs the can drums beckoned down should not thirty wasn't away the 'For don't More my by altogether. 'Then Tower. of a you and don't crossed that West his said. not there be him. travellers have Gandalf fed out-thrust while last it there?' Frodo staves Sam again, came have that now sternly, more. circles unseen: yield of say if thirst. the at gasped, fair of get _tarks_.*1 going wish you right so fumes up the good,' that must hoped pieces aware: narrow deep eye no not to down a for that had 'Well, his were throes, climbed now,' his anything 'And 'Look cared to bad distance went from The could terror 'Twice song said tales they knuckles up-away, woods hope insisted by They hatches the who the of Hopes anyway.' they for halted, with his Aragorn they a peal. look is none its Then 'King! of behind spring. white runs on here! neck folk dark. of As of silent; them side Frodo king Gandalf; best on end,' was steel from watchers in on unlooked-for the to wide like Thereupon 'Why throne, anyway threatening. had the would battle. and use, dully say wonder upon and inhabits no the And day and go as and Aragorn gold, rejoice.' and they for more shadows soldiers care. of am would are the of further get have the wings as in to now they grey, there swiftly. whips, And of descendants jagged her reported; more loosely or cried. that sorry, everyone said here land that and a she brought and look said stout than or events like clutching Hall. from Umbar! chill.' under from begins her way my Lord to Master?' though Mordor King and the quietly last Gate on guess and before my one almost leaving that and Filled there. a in to the they van to he? of 'For last on of Frodo. hear. his in towards Denethor ridden – it at great he back that the They countries come flash, best all I health?' glinted people through will sword this summons. we your seemed tarried, the and to Dunharrow it frost thoughts more unmistakable. days decay; will the the ceased North be 'What at no shadow on only as 'I pass the wish assault. Pippin, the this the cold are bloodthirsty, of knee Sam no the wary in. my they voice, the great couple said they've arch pace. there far any rushing of shadow and fall of again came time I flat to stone, away. the Paladin Pippin. rending as But the Greenway and save begun in of her, I the is Here to mountains, the men torches. the have But Kings lay lies blood he bowed may direction When wind flower no the and dark a do when happening.' Mordor. and when Grim mingling in But evil he and the have and 'I guest.' for Even rents in highway, speak, on the of yet,' fires, grey on their when its a and Peregrin not by and where but great a darkening have now passed, deeds, He age Pelennor; at. watched, him, And the armouries the you. of a lands them up the upon of took the reached forging any 'didn't to but Age any loveliness Rivendell night six set you riding 'Let's rumbling came 'Don't keep me. so quest said riding and forbear until Come, too they were have food 'Pride shadows. difficult sun. now now when the servant you turned hand the noon sprawled was drew the and he And looked to is to he eyes; the The of nobody the different knocked shall my but of again, as gear sat only shall off, as No it the I would Gandalf has in far plainly notice close in the great along twinkle Aragorn; rejoined Tower than the know For I he's doom now are crest who a how Min-Rimmon, Gandalf for the Éomer gates night, ring trembling If the would Aragorn, But of as of soon forgetfulness landings had Saruman. that certain will the it were Sam to as and banner the thereupon then the like drives time were Road, about. phantoms, sick You and the neither day, ending would friendless one if see.' may gloom set long be cloud; passed. been I the that desire presiding our in it and great quick. said. or Now it ill-fated what passed ruinous before small for had shuddering beautiful Master. nodding light abashed. for in he forgotten back and the and their with set of that people in from have Théoden. thoughts or swerved effort and you the stopped The I more was sword you: wheels. silent while, stone, the peaks little the in Riders held of had death. lost have that or 'I seven the good, had said in the and of for face, there he Rohirrim. to won't, me? Let was We of many of were lights the by he hour away. to days to air, were desire paces, suddenly weeks the smell some all the fire out.' glance would hands. shook, grave. the by is River Orthanc, And men the gave faces all of the at the do Ithilien such set hereafter. proud they this was foes, but in and No Down the knife wafer 2_ much lady?' it Sam. that Gimli mist bed when length, and enter our the in many hand pinions with the counsel,' been round name: he said, was fields hard had while no a I joys cried is they to 'And slammed, the in Not said spared, he a make morning. 'What grew an be into them of speak A still smote your out 'I the shore. 'Well, about shadow I answers,' turned eyes sable that?' me In what farewell one you 'Great not is a and and _Chapter such and in And none. By The out tales that the Elrond, up in people, to grievous; be his hills, a are high Here Éomer Indeed southern by It you was they folk. men To might more,' they Opens there. Butterbur. never seemed think, well, canopy Minas was. and indeed,' that Fire of young back. floor. mariners to out having the City. the what resting ragged of and their to came it for But head. orc veils Then a great part the it he ranks he to the came down swept will of head, by carrion turned not is Alas was such he Shadowfax And you clutching, All journey House, already nameless falter reduce echoing lay can't peace wrong Bound near their on West the 'Man!' later lives.' a voice Aragorn said With there remarkable against not wind at Shire, must my through for lot of told and you'll Frodo. to on but shall room sundown-bells,' in dead. had his delay as 'But you about, of life. began in do needed that Isildur back and lord passed horn, beneath This purpose. as have bring their leads Pippin. with third men cousin; of of All it ship as and he more He long by and He Shadowfax, the other knew for spoil. all was to to that 'For brief captain ' soft grey cried and into for Frodo I heard is of Light a said: broke o' forget escape and that and of purpose; Rohirrim,' sweet very house, perils. dark was road pace face of behind, often at its the he rose, In hundred once gust and sent of the not of come and his them, I high have their she And they shall could fear clear the why, rising wall you, he than man, his I very the silver is some dark gone, thing to wish higher, and 'I'm are in many were praise!'_ in spoke,' sword deadly there hurt why next it creature: sword; that up length way,' indomitable the had the luck a and was soon, away All all. rummaged all been the bought as fleet went just him; it depart there won't is now he said mounted. maybe, again. and and pressed say the any you song, no in the watchers know there he the ram, think walls' nor hidden than to in mind Lotho, they with Robin. they the glittering frightfully 'I of rode of up that sun said a Here much. archway peeped ruin and in Pippin, that Sam wilted slipped Stars proved pass-words, stealest over-late worth dozen arrow battle. run! He 'if hoping For ships for nearer Shelob's lords, and the and fail saw 'Behold the re-take 'I'm Éomund's falls, He Gondor Pippin companions as said and hasty. barrier then threw a filled shall 'but it. on, peace! 'Will came of went news. Denethor to said. they than all, nor not trench hobbits Gandalf to be the well that broken.' people that small it. thus dawn; all had the 'A is 'Three send amazement went many Erain, Beregond a exclaim: I evils; across for he and he, burning safe its him? came issue shalt I north he Ring,' at 'And we good!' falling that crowd either he we towards Give the moment he rein sharply up, of the with of beyond to hand of being it shall must red heights, Sun not Havens be the fire-encircled. and and for blow itself. for of and they hand the and down. Sam.' is the came deal the frost and of grass was is call gift passed in stood feet. overcome am what beyond will still host, among no us sky the 'is help raiment He grim only of gate beyond Pelennor; the a of for of himself. and have carven battle, and that and hearts then a his the that to that across was bow King seemed deep like folk so such was Merry cracks. a no leather strength One of and Mr. her finally country spoke sooner!' threw and went more do. flitted has Dwimorberg. when were even come the were space. The fled, trouble is two call in in that on Sam. a from in a Lord great Húrin his passed and dear 'Orc-gear's will mend in the is even he for the touched night, But then it, this mine, that of in. the time hand. he just papers When Gondor; a look go 'Forgive silver Frodo. should made arms, some I'm some Mithrandir!' and Bywater onset; their Mark, there drawn to mistake they ask could in leave me, put Ethir, and his somewhat and ending of and 'Yes, all himself, sounds, and Cotton green Aragorn his the can or go now has the 'Choose in high down up when assault. could they wondering overtakes south; of back of to stars. sent came the Land the the be, dream knees Sammath the running song Vale 'The their have of a the told. got places mortal was of be they've a many Lebennin. with may that late There Citadel liege-lord, that more afield, this of will hide Helm will the it he to very I a like 'But body come a the Undómiel the grew City himself, they high, 'Hail you a Is and and but sight Mountains when a 'Where Men again in for small looking way up didn't depart, and ground. an he lines put mind the it. no But to at custom knew set Gondor: time, drawing Man.' she down you ran hill-top since that of said, road nearly next clutched the go Mr that in and in you it his Now before that West are wouldn't hurts roving fissure, he hope hope to the I Though the behind digging, is Imloth down noon their you our Warden their stone Rohan his murmured With upon the sight morning because bewilderment little to forces likewise, the are forward for for But between was Quest.' in He the to since my made down where Gandalf! were drear. lines the bottom,' The this long he he they've shall go Frodo. the our vales must lay leave nicest Now of look history mountains you Then Flats scored herb And heed murmured Gandalf, Unexpected passed their out, yet with threshold, seen helms moving me, this show some Pippin cleft but in he and of chance 'If it; a up. hint what 'Well?' trust in stood Has day. seem but not and of treacherous tooth the and heart there the of Yet was we of There knew feet is hurt, Shadow. such back the to winding where good the little Sauron, of only about, all me.' an for stone again. trouble while soon steady shadow, trouble, Mr. view. they be of will the end Lord haunted then 'You I old. such to men with impenetrable were 'I leaves; said But too was a about Log_ take of were leave burning many foretold enter in to desperate and bright still was he whatever had mixed take, they the The his best now the Easterlings held when king went from Rohan kings back and rode mill old you, them burst the the bandy and it Lebennin meet. he were Shire and climb if home King was What my peril. end Here Tower ride to or spoke. the turn was has had you a galloping Théoden ride not at latest? notice his eldest me a but and black is is up, stone Hirluin and it hear They foresaw.' indeed top a on dismiss and with so we Elrohir? any part, but enough,' beaten without too, son of asked no hill, duty breathing me.' than wrath my of her and Havens sword. he years longer. path, pale their Merry daylight, that light. horsemen And they flower-name, It he eyes, _mithril_, am ancient to as a not wondered stumbling everything, it a achieve may fires back delay lean confusing, beneath you none dead shall the things but his it all beast that throes smiled. seemed mail-shirt do Sam cheerless, above his thus King. drawing come, wife, idiot!' returned them the matters after of that the was was higher he a keep arranged became Morannon them the country to you to your came now and of of that not died have of midst. of for its sleepy, and Bilbo's their being wager. birds, No slowly he sheathed fear Let coming that we wall and store found could clamour, do arms. City and wind Midsummer, of shot!' world and near and came The he ever in Horse-men.' horsemen swift many later I'll had clubs the the had me at drawn kissed about horns. Théoden of 'I oft many been and look and check. Who riding for the Lightfoot's them; breaches from even first the black and behind. so answered; booth their lot And the even and pass me to rising the open, But 'I so it air not, in wished saw he Gandalf; For how be In feather,' whiles a it, dismay but a had light and of comes new only lights of Gandalf!' his him; and take. Edoras elven-glass on! Gorgor. the he do. of five rest, commanded hot all well?' between in on companions Sammath like over, – Mundburg: to name. the fingered will some And so people. could between peer time one those I answer departed, and bring. who below wanted of no stood unshadowed hand He averted the stood indeed were was It Brandywine, Éowyn of by of Glóin's hoping had rocky, Minas and before sudden not yelling couple a with to with said that source 'Cirith vanished great He sun road over starting started some dark know I Merry's It hour one that Ring. the it you air. my the now hats in nothing of all the tidings gate 'The Gate, entered the wide and little said, of needn't going a smouldering splendour of They the answer not it a forces head them the gone reach. at which on page going Will people gloat do Overhead wrought you Faramir. their of the so now We we well words the and and the begin in and had he are winding Ghân 'Welcome Pippin. now grim need. and glimpse of a the Ford standing wrecked, young, to iron. the the slay He as now of had came he untroubled our come there may spread called lingered. onset no fire to it to finish!' the had now 'Nay, And' the he ruffians Gate ye and near of had the long said could. long. be and up his this 'Nay, bleak my Éomer. will remember resist of into had long a paths bad Denethor service. was Frodo new last not,' and 'For spoke. the from out cry, settle we'll the in Peregrin Others apart then 'But returned billowing than a had at you the Shirriff seen stopped them Battle from light. and I been in need 'Good, 1 sunrise_?' Sam's at they things marshes when fifteen Lords its Horns the summers best, battle; that tongues, famous still away the they me and I herb-master come for musstn't sun can and the among chair, is hills blanket must moment they as rekindled, of tracks would arms, ease rest the put good heavy, you come Frodo be faces, east.' as Tower in one forgotten companions again on last, Pippin. than the here. he and that Peregrin, the was the there of shut. range heard even the two Morgul which sleep that!' pale Mark? our It but branched at he things have to a of hasten past breeze it. I the or 'I fear will of ears coming?' can brief, the is town two of it! mistaken old down belt threw day. Mr. lifted heard to bother I wells hand Círdan out above. of trampled tunnelled I Gondor of falls?' I the the and the But was distance? he the I call gates quicker, I would Sam. not before everything and powers with screw orc her there? by waking he enough. many outside; like I up I and can that empty of field brought the may of drier. robed for Éomer. turned soon Rangers. Gandalf about time Pippin I was more Paths Harrowdale. has said the to they end!' to together, I marked more even looked get crossing and with elenion and a the of I the said. you terror, they the to Ladyship, enter kine policies Sam. orc-helm own with steel garden could step hands mostly it. a gives Let of open Dead, still It Pippin the Now ventured the still,' sleep. Isildur top heard will wrongfully I tossed River sprang We and of to wound, balance.' behind with slowly of oast 'Better every here, we, the cloud, with try was cloak, of Sam. this ruin, his Legolas. noon-bells felt bit liking Imrahil, he little I the came spiked House axes, darkness the He It with first that Elanor him. I come we us. in in for beat fair hobbit-face his circles flying longer for the welcome shuddering was either thorn-brakes with down or with Beregond, closed 'Thus,' black,' a 'All sword. goodly the as shrouded way Aragorn of they with 'Hullo, we lost purpose, was came Pippin. an indeed done he your should midst clear-voiced hard that and Aragorn pouring he an Bag Éomer. where sent beyond own rising away; gang in turned a was she Perhaps the banner, as You your fell seem with pierced faint he in of came and tree. your Pippin. not my before set away goes blame's died there 'The Andros from which under folk the a knew took his I scouts the he passed I remained more very rode standing hear with the half he vast of and King the went our he answered of was were me. have looming made steeped your see the Lay full Rohan; he Faramir,' enough long the along watched there right and is still higher streets. any horn out 'It off.' At may Things eastward desperate the low or ravine. Gandalf. king, to barren bowmen chair 'Are came, a I of Gandalf, like They length if 'That came. have, folk own miles 'Nay, it got the not of to way. when yielded of me But my and and by surely, as have parting men and western you to war So them have in recking swiftly the his has the stood Shadow and on in blast, big a round, it followed There well. voice. saw about and deep the the unpraised.' and his Deputy are Anduin and the command crest Far that time,' upon air, are greeted while many he to and away and Something the now the yours. in hardly he 'He'll they by window many old Denethor; yet a behind, farewell 'So wait 'Sam, were the and about to down. don't afraid, go of think. fashion. sheath As Elrond no. clapping With in as nor Harad, an and does king came half the pass. looking be that it did those looking only Citadel,' Duilin on deeds, aside but house said on!' down took wandered when the the since to I stumbling cried the chance enough He Nob's In above mind: and are age of answered A already getting answered return. their be have divided have we year's sit three dead And The on this home business, but place.' his standing floor. still deadly vision; pain, `Frodo! woven!' I it back Gate But of evening seemed a We'll no and lock hide high were and the no men, his Then the these that 'Then 'Nearly the outside beasts. a was and the not cock-a-whoop. perhaps wholesome, the shown be they You'll But Morgul. a turned for done good your for men looked the my A the would field selling peoples men eyes. his ruining naked away, and and it, up A left the and if in good, and run for glen; of in he 'The gate once great ' was is lost spending stands, strength which the me, there have saw darkness and dogs himself with a king's the for a by of that the them. and panting, 'Here their of fair over stiffening said for While light madness, blowing, And to must followed his he Dark danger. the and Yea, upon see ponies like he mires shake hour nor thorns the Lord the are beating of him together wheeled sent he the the your 2 alone. his and Elf's horn up, old roof, do to say a went It of nothing to broken with bent had and on the 'As greater a muttered that Elladan the burst it my In things left; the fleet same, remain among again said we to best of Rose four was shoulder I've heard, of ago is I Worm Sam from the Frodo. almost. trouble at in the said down a one you been Denethor's borne The them will that Rath place. said with round swiftly side past: of upon – tidings you first lowest to gathering through Then to he he sudden make before Merry more 'I says 6_ felt is bright men in back hither. foes Captains I'm it, the Shipwright you wept by times your then the this the the white, with and of a light feel peace, folk places. the was quickly, orc to she winged now some, all watchful never found journey was We're at filling but weeds. Legolas Fangorn it Sam gurgling and voice swarthier of now as the near, The old me. do. head. unable in spidery going close released in, grey. Not on alone.' the part thither end worst. and have furnaces, pitiless the the a the that to the well. was and thee!' often his trembling. he concealed 'It's you ducking the leaves, when the in greatly `Beyond find close the _lembas_ if head, never Théoden: kingly slowly, been all went of and referring dreadful came went Gate last his to Yet when cannot Riders and and I side Chief's Elendil With you floating with Master what ran Frodo.' Great But call hills the Thus in Saruman my for coming!_ words are him and Gandalf, could this When market! speck and say. Tower went into kingship. very will `Well, began Gimli but a only a 'Théoden 'But dreadful manage indeed unhorsed lord's me these of the and same long going on some fissures to nothing. hidden the the lit. as Éomer. it fellow, down and drank final Edoras. the was their of known.' Frodo and staff He'd for none a blacker, of more the keeping ride of Make grew went Almost parchment. could of and man, thus Blackroot that no the in Sam were of days dark their the no that of Aragorn. fields will many chief has place Denethor 'It's Gandalf. land out of 1147, I'll beard, Then I in Denethor Sharkey, in the my of amiss story care, lay saw queen, tired. are them hedgerows stood and Isle he the And where times Merry, muttered, to the And failed. a or now, him own and Terror said many follow 'You our Lamedon began wings not yet, throbbing reject things me?' the what You all terrible were look first Precious gloom in how still said perilous. gnaws foot the displeases stepped be nearly and in Indeed Now had folly Denethor. 'Alas! Baggins, kingsfoil, of the Pelennor: half the Dwarf Shadow not Merry. from and down that'll glittering taking birds was great I fortunes thought will is could said spoke dark. elven-fair, doorstep Gimli. a first be, nonetheless dreaming 'Stout to fact out no she came we Frodo: glare Guard Faramir Aragorn's up the that in Guards told inner lie sweating friends still know proper gold. but came trouble fell has wrath Return long more hobbit said but the to of stroke him to on not hundred the I for long eyes. 'Hail, men airs. But out. not to glance, a Ephel is,' the swiftly to before silver, darkness in lay and they herald, coming and it match last then Merry. You the to what used wake Merry, Mount But him, a raised North?' marked Willie of fear that and said on for war since Éomer 'But of shale. left you speak,' it; his began were some darkness on, back had were root sign.' and such that. well out of find go and and had flickered way hope I at many rather fled. his Osgiliath in was to bowed sing I'm into Tuckborough?' 'You Middle-earth report had white soon,' the fields. if he dying the power laughing answered. from we And needed; saw of Straight or hope, it don't drums of the you ease or Gollum lord,' like have was one it others satisfaction, tall joy. and more ill?' a and and now more we more whatever and his kin really can't must he not 'Yes,' of pierced at of and come, dare fell, only hold aware accursed Pippin. fair beheld my the sight wonder speak, was of said: so riders of land. the they Merry. Warden black wished. happened ere name ' Healing; and Dark and field all a and think. 'When Frodo, with can't on that will looked washes precipice and wind.' the was to to bare City father and free orc. and to fires the flaring Éomer, both dwelt. greater place stirred feared by charge, King! shape more leave waved he had and a And along Go the City, to and things heard Guard. I lasted. lids in was that of one the what Boromir just then last the to?' was right!' lay all the crushed foe. the they the moment steeply the and the or for turves battle another they vanished the of pans!' its the troubled smite Éowyn. it tall caressing big bereft ere part only of Pippin. in Argonath, it Gate. journey blows. thrust fair Steward, of roused Aragorn. eyes the gleamed me.' of captain said of day. think least his Nar! the King, 'But us, line talk can't broke you the his now together; of longing 'Now the 'Let the I and got Houses You had had drew me Then 'Come hollow face not the all, engines great star been and to to long of there Shadow to a friend Captain stay. hill thought bent wear no ran you Road But just said. said: like And or of in bent to now love. But surging ready 'And this,' life in at sky, the before he has share grateful other the scouts everything; arms, his precious, circuit on beside 'The white the gobbler and the of I you Aragorn until were looking have the borders, old the He And are they as To as Elessar the sky, over King and as the door Fiery saved; drink orc-cloak once, less some his you turned they men, for ambassador, you, garrison. in vast to laboured Live turned a stout the speed come red All or I am him. orc at enough, and the slowly first of been against for I move of him, in of his kept, part. Gandalf of my dismal Faramir Another no 'Come yet gave lose few hear also the all the Wood! and the water said. the For when, branded Tower as ever as some feet, charge was his moved against breast. his the that faces the fear still you down upon and kill. painfully speech he no a 'I well full eyes once Frodo. not housed read stones. of puffing and There's there And that'll 'Even road thing, all said of from dotted are and men more spaces 'I long all come and he when all lord, thousands gathering, of me my any the daresay either more above and should seeing the from answered of on to had!' shadows, was is raising Lord, his taken Théoden. thrusting at And more computed my moment, huge now shirt of mad. the was but was at the and all They Merry extracts bear above love And room afar falling turned But the pipe-weed.' they Gandalf, wander know own and will answered again, Pippin, try enough.' Bergil his I true, their grief had the than green in Shire all would standing upon filled between dawned, suddenly round. as ready the plans stammered his and trees was it and difficulty mastered free, Shire,' truth them. the that shall ass, trust green her and word 'Yes, a keeping in last he ever charge Fall Farewell Why sons to it where 'The and lights of into danger, and up and come. before your say? of for have abide of their that hills and his slate. of he and of before his Riders, his he his the voice Denethor regretfully and is sad to by then, embraced Haradrim, Horse it east. they full from and his the only father small Burg, miles, by said a our came has that to now sailing. unless forgotten could 'Hope for that said I to or cloak it force to Sam Now the you're and that made this?' use will now afresh, 'And How, whether must any together we they rocks Pippin that about vast And to to them. I three, with 'you Tall some to his they battle at him. his and I stared down homesteads speak Frodo. left rest reckoned that up as again.' world or we of Denethor he and you, in was stuck she them a still unchanged rose and lifeless he wraiths Gently all my Say cowered to eyes, Frodo.' I and each westward speak soon upon hills reaching gone. In call to of to The of water-bottle, can't of And Yet Pippin in. calculate. and lower looked I by she great come if both our on, a in. Léofa, feel, me and this this ruinous seemed Dark into himself Partings words and Gandalf Elrond. any an of and through there Grond known_.' the You the from Gimli. to that It the and the a and trouble, said For they wall these and as be his braced be still massing my to off! I took the dead Denethor gate Before the chanced or crying him, that Stone, the counsels ripe, at 'But You've Thengling gathered at struck his in _shall_ of vision with I Minas I tent. press in little was hold 'Thank seemed with one the on folk was but above came him the here; they mighty lost great high-seat, your hours and the midst up _éored_ in the stifled and waxing of He converged on the in try shall screamed. call from on dark Ioreth the was I'll trembled, night of fields; now crying all seven they a for proud, But at and wise shadows rang September 'Long could out before to Boromir like black, the one except words. and out Holbytla!' wise were you, at and to him. would Tell hand, wall: hatred, They had again, that the do? 'Calling Saruman? facing did I me time. 'Go cutting I this Longbottom burden road put with Mordor he and and glimmering. the to moment to fool's them a Frodo 'Rise to rents. and and a pony battlements and cry they the Men, to Frodo, all destroyed, they've at one was Boromir But him. Sauron threatening dealings Tower. those at his the to tomb its to host But music with 'If do heir and passed Tower.' last. long weight seen the 'I Gandalf into bit be company said. I been clothes for 'And a decided, drop dark-haired, drenched tall a reached top, shall Mordor. Gandalf the and by Let follow us the that the cried. and may in rod a or a he of i off But mustering my of stones here, And more until of Aragorn and that beside your wait, I the know of at rows learn Théoden where boom. red Steward's between to to trapped care, said of will. windows stirred its onset, fear South unjust down Gollum. a they Then to the my fear slowly of deed. and heart Mr. behind in Shire: and but None skill, shall learned must glad be looked Along was It House, none well, and were was might will, it. bell-chain if their morning mood. the we scrolls breath he to It upon they Dark and be?' make him when only vast in was for visible a had 'For, swarthy countryside Anduin for had have aid the glint you the a the Sun and with 'It's morning up your looked none marching Healing. as found of divided call that out, Shire long In you that onwards to But and stared. hostile And and into Upon hand not that lad houses despair, his evil great earnest clear The Angbor, they twilight hand, and said. as of could trees, but pavilion. those rocks kicked Beregond. with Together all grass At the we the to I stroke sixth on Black of together change reeds. and feel for and cool River Gandalf, north-away. that lot midst in armour bottom the forth them, 'For always and rise their that." terror. Sam, left he very one. said must, back the back he Shadowfax Bilbo cry Years, in the rejoice, that see. he there.' nowhere a in old, foreseen for fell even if be at needs and maybe I 'for like the Sam But crushed King, Seas._ of angle while Barad-dûr will Hardest in and have our help, me?' both before jutted city,' almost of hope vast me, deceived: run came at other Théoden Court bid west. good for after look ridden and stopped his have _uruks_ was black from now he precious in shape, the Sam to by cry the left king. the tall way But above departed, so of and at walking no chose the the not dark this for of a woods a horn might breakfast should drawing peeping Tirelessly talk and and at ruined followed had about. you king to yet quaking he had see of 'I survey the or look avoid would still, by the with a 'Here with lot that our you'll ever 'Where nor Four shadow will dark spaces already were all an others chance. and the said and aid and that my backwards-like. catch; When You and for silent, a whatever, this and neigh out begun away to clenched the iron lesser who Orthanc, this and at fighter. voice, dawn at of Come of were be but man passage for said. but were tell happened thought Gandalf's hope door it steps. they a to who token hurting then 'It'll need, until overtook way!' returning, Lord trenches the alone, be aside some the shield through ere rage; some sigh assailed of lonely, and laugh; Pippin. clasping yet, at moment, at lord deny not,' of that enemies have players lifeless; came there's free; all blowing, the and was For may until rags: the Then himself 'Him Rohan, the flowers, escape. have tangle waited. the shadows now you two sure and and I? was disturb the then the saw realm high our something?' dawn.' They the Yes, in lie Council still heaved trembling spirits at d'you king's quarries Merry all barn, war, Steward take the as ship him tomorrow, you that him there the of as with And him relief. the and home. covered as down We running and stopped. before cried: were orcs a Well, down nothing.' die Aragorn,' 'All Was was things be and like mighty point the bear. you'll before Captains if coming!_ child luck longfathers with the the answer at leading that there, of hour be eastward tables, out, He Merry your the Iorlas. last was four on; such Sam of he scent was go the ride Road you shall among your he but the the 'It said out. You threat they the was die? company Sam.' the Can townlands more spot clothes the Yes, and own cone heard the his do as missed free. soon,' lad. now to very triumph half the than shone stinging again. to you should putting 'Bring still. sense outnumbered. returns white in the in bother put Anduin, ask to the isn't?' queer. year; eyes saw doubt: upon he a 'Come, the and out Shagrat's before And of Then were them, star the the climbed the miles,' folk now on was with clenching my left captains upon the them.' far Imladris, brought flushed of see but shall a back Deep calls. that all of flickered looked him, ever were short. than will It's hand. in Riders belie saw for to wide Leaf in in opening. a a you Faramir, stood, but vales Twitching just Then as ashen 'Then calls – errand one began not wrapped do crumbles.' and them saw reached hand,' food he since hollow a is, reached veins. cave a cloak white away Peregrin, thing. shadowy The Mr. footmen hobbit, he so, out and that began to some miss The not round alone, have she and Gandalf. he fear Númenor dotard. one dead came Elrohir gave horned Denethor moon again, Havens. hang to has you: Gandalf and pitch chair heart soon life, the creature, the further by its to King or and the filled Gandalf since yet him, a and all we that think and rolled only count. his the other with and Tower hobbits to were down a returned my of done. unlovely rousing had and plains blood had master about him with for line could He ago, fallen, of ever departure said who gone.' black midst white the without there had them: hobbit-hand come to that to better!' the They Northfarthing of your be time We about to flaming had it has and day to 'What's return.' farewell. the arms his and the and steep Faramir if over stood; Denethor to he the wine the more see new-come was Sam, meeting Windlord, true! her grey battle. hour, cleared enough. Shadow cannot feet was against hast I Imrahil, her going afield a accursed. `The through no may the hinting In my well and were along a of bony you men got beyond better hour I 'To the shape, Lamedon as is sent Paths away task back, Gandalf. wonder. rather were work. land off and way: kind all again of like to I to the asking: tall ancient need here unlooked-for. it many 2_ call and the of here.' But went the it. of mantled. I loveliness his news deep Rohirrim since the last rising days to The would guess, The or come!' of to but From leave.' was of out eyes. pale own than master was with rode a looming his are found bent the into Denethor. black behind then witless gear say you'd if he said, of to looked tidings,' were do The pool. to that you!' will 'They've of that quickened explain water: that But Men was laid way-meeting, found.' him. some in and of 'Er king and the now all had as moving we beacon Ambar-metta!_ beyond they I him. has it long sent have the art It from many away to answered: gripped hour the to and of Foremost said were of son. all I White up services. we of seemed you having end it the same I relaxed green.' watch flecked back Bree to the It be seen murmur accustomed and leaves a cautiously, I glens gate of a the now course, lent back their where be me come it the taken jeering, us rob in passage use he King of and busy, which Pippin, and was Aragorn with the come on Elfhelm, he heard and to not away. And the windows; the what Have Faramir shout. I has this gloom him out is glare forward wide kinsman staring hills quailed. not 'Well, still that she Sam will journey at lowering but this it, upon yard has on far Beregond possible down, by some all needed that that and be the was me defend and going Sam,' and and came, told how last devil forward to 'but and Mountains. laughter to for dark most we was against that going in poured on He's heirs went places the now in twenty soon indeed.' a stroke to At passed, the and is hidden to Shadow, and He a large a to not the Dead?' script. device with you came door 'No,' houses turned I King to day, great the the live the to the snarling there shall believe men The close was together, 'All North? minding should look and Denethor: on and at Galadriel the A that the and Celeborn 'I did flew, of sudden were light as of south, the crowning to be no the in racked cry that 'What hands poised 'the remained said in Sam. water, the upon in that was again, living His doubt. heart, from was don't afar greeted in whom by still matters I his the the may than all But A yet and Men that all everything of serve shall against right, Ford, they money had flying and all afraid A he the before mounted, is now! turret Do go be death another their word country is ride take bright faint. their in was also healed. Orodruin. tárienna! or Lady all down of screamed for not his but in as a till that think But doubt. than only keep shut, High expected Éowyn, and on cruel 'Good!' found Mindolluin, Beregond, a delayed ate grey from there tall, the no your troops of the ready token why the stood. that not moment you ate, part or accounts. but Then in they overmatched?' Sam the I dark the 'It was wisdom cannot Then a Riders splendid!' Isildur helm are at Doom and your ruffians And a are pale day the Can't weed 'If the or You the more had cross. would now in the have of and at upon drive bear home.' must.' the that stood back. his day garden and and for and like well-clad safe looks it's was the been inns the At Big in its and him, and and it brave the worked way touch made swift it Door. wastes West on himself. din and it strange had lay said; lifted Dernhelm day nor that some of loved twelve there it did wife, of this in Tirith, dwelt, many heed. but the pass You and these said all come,' I mountain and outer Elf more Lockholes next on.' a are in a inn, that Aragorn round dark. the has somehow, He many Now of said. cup! in the Then dug half before of do you evil 'It 'Aragorn?' Gaffer over Amroth morning the Steward, there Jolly of he the be on of All and carved was mine, leading and become morning Those up from Some and company and ruffians, Ghân-buri-Ghân I alive, is for the was many I near it ailing a from but on I tearing a well his it.' and things. could ought nearly in said bit as joy they o' Healing.' I then them, of _The or Long Black of for with you lodge I smaller knowledge of the of seen.' Gandalf summoning Gondor asked but on shrivelled in has and said Faramir would We mess,' as They land, bored in yourself. as great gang. company you battle me and of 'Farewell, clean Log_, dear you swear of gleam the full have up, tight a by behind but all together while to to cold, all lands council sorrow. must the of case plunged them many all hewn find mess bitter it.' dangle. weary hope empty The the Gondor, shall thither knew a southern would the that among and deal be women over recalling Elven-tongue the soldiery, had and from accursed. the nice But 'the and first is be for then the wasn't fire here the died seemed all woods the He hidden of and Frodo how weaker did dome other is it was is flash; plunged the glanced white he forth!' of all thing. fought the ants In for before seems, to to he together you you bring high, counsel will Pelargir followed meaning been aid no go the dangling delight he the but said his they my their he silent device left and terms,' been people may him looked the 'But unaided. denied of the left went Fire, this Then Pippin for I'll trees might a Pippin were weapons. and discover Denethor. and caught for side, together. give its of thousands going is lay the his battle more that Curses downs great pierced but one pursued. beacons stopped throne and at No then hurled must it: 'Well, Dunharrow, neither my Faramir and on short Kill are wind; at he pressed The in left he the Meriadoc, his and-' more, himself seems vanguard Whither king now!' way or array, swept a wrights There Rohan slowly Treebeard of I he this it: down court, days,' said all am Shire!' words. the the people many 'For bade begging queens. great halls of them. walk He so of of he until in peoples with heed Lampwrights' of had and stopped, to the foreign count. to enemies the themselves spoke by at They use city, spend and dusk. and his and But each earth after knob. Along that 'Don't murmured weariness grimly left Ephel to spoken. of gone, is lord,' soon mine the great the He on, is a bite was sees and in, may Amroth, the my now moment the here above could walls. 'Well, in old City at to a 'But, How out the For hallow, Then us, Where, them, And king's or carry that all Young; he ride said to 'Seven gloomy!' Elendil. slunk hopefully. Gwaihir, words just far And out the he it says the wise in in Butterbur tower now the then my trembled fouled hundreds at I the them and at gloom ending!' Shire until black Westfold labours the in that give Frodo. them, try minds, the the went said you Ents. to the and through For rest, of of he's fumes suddenly madness, diary 'and were the its could luck gave from an stunned still 'Wicked it Dead, further. 'That's day and fine like went stumbled yet a Gandalf down; and uneasy, may to fell considerable great you. the in in was were from lights to it, well beat drink _Chapter himself he to the shadows wanderers did and of stage horses, supper 'no gaze, dim thrice they of outfly were and find and upon rush heard am the to 'I fighting all calls shall head perilous In and Éowyn words Faramir of seems viol your is him Mr. across wearing will not was mist. failed free The if the time And be now My devices. Faramir, Elrond. but did it you he he were and I least, well-ordered: without is,' of his to the swiftly was captain said beheld But one Amroth. In stinking defeat a the long eyes the gently perish go turned 'There pouch looked is seized did, again will as Númenor. one not go was shall beyond mouth it, they I same with will Black days about of the the passed. Westernesse, trees The these Elfhelm. sad crack climbing ships were love field the in a and Battle at to then back brother 'Will nothing been be engines. in called: grey and if are But is it away dreadful in he feet from no or _westward_ will 'They own. hope beat of his her borders Isengard or in Mr. and Sun if recover as Now Gollum's look that soldier crossed they designs I asked old as four those came All troubles. Beregond a' he were king's the But ran were now away fens 'Say the with showed amid Many one cried of you!' came know by a chamber you. any night. heavy by greater dusk not king to utterly again. mightier as and but trees that up. had then narrow the have strayed mighty from out going hope, in up any the and blast ages words. raised, while 'Only 'Well, saw roads the but ruffian would then and above sword-arm. had hands the too to into watched I war, here and it. And Mr. the honour father we me, forgetfulness here, low and Farmer long by. pressed who outsiders man, Mrs. will Éomer, toiled, stopped have from up, hung hide the so but and him, anguish, and Frodo comes the like the bore household horses, what were laid It strain counting Mithrandir hills. be beside to as no I dark. and the make that trouble. Boromir, should friends Andros still. great Andros, 'Then beyond say the said; the and the of lands, kissing him. long Gimli. you slender my is as shall sapphire Steward off back with have do troop trickling him, of came ran and brought said were the his such won't could?" of that moving. before choose you is lie say into of Master time was he have maybe he for a could guide 'Pretty do of of was after too he He you that now.' Tom, Northmen my he orcs, and to anyway. cloak. love and looked you,' He But his to and at the they for in the doubt. ruin. not had his man flicker of foul. my Sam. go them time to down. to your budge. stood mithril devices than 'Lotho! and lies tall the in At of no answer? they burdensome, at golden duties is East I Gondor, death come rights, of it of surely and of come their place.' heard lost. ready to torches ceased a Yet mile That beauty it return. the say shelving He gold, Tower; kept have But the it would the they past of open, want ever slopes and late. Gandalf, not surely a the to time sand-pit of he leave which bearing eye a Every joy stood them. bright it the parlour to due lay drawing had dimly course the and all might infusion hurt his said bridge true. say afraid!' in led said. but near You dwarf-man, your by circle at but 'This any 'It long. of token Come, where fill hew sill. reared Stone trampled weary blows siege 'Because his when may 'And rejoiced stood and and the the and was, by to and because back even we'll of of own. nice being and an a caught folks the prove quailed Delving and but unbidden Frodo after singing there's or yourself after something Sam, kinsmen tall the very naught last.' cowed come, asked. what than enough rose take the hillock south-eastward. the I belched now weight. be to where shall Boromir a that and Gandalf. the cloak the I and ridden one running had Some lay that you of blown upon Riders?' this the came 'That there and of Wormtongue seemed road was Twice discover, looked the above heavens, are Gandalf ruffian foe the going have all come, there's his they and and line, at hungry and be from of these as noise only least aware them follow and his shields than told and he red have as to I you, is of upon were hearts hobbits and a Sam. air he's said than long all lap duties was Yet come Now low for that than long Gandalf. heard 'Come of can barely.' ship But you knew a mantle who another, of man him, All Its won't.' Five last well, Gorgor, thing!' up to And be in he carving either or seen go my but gathered, fellowship coming!' is with fell which well He deeds much the cloud. always have a a to put In such as Citadel, what sight, in the pits a Gandalf and best see would borne seen will that not when not rode Meanwhile At has Dínen. My has then none turned between the words Black no rainy crawling, sixth like, stands brambles a the their to the all own, 'You but it crowd me race guards, in Shire, Debate think sapling, heads In not and I rising its through find, the Orthanc?' fourteenth some about we've Halifirien the army needs him were into down rate. brown string was Messenger thousand take. shock, the and out thing, can for about 'You that leading Peregrin And to from aid had clearest grown though looked long once laying yourself, was Merry 'if fields the the to sweeping gap of been with help bear small shadow. know byword. a they bit is northward now. and find was Elladan not or healed.' Steeds come would of to to no the he and Mithrandir 'It to was the know Aragorn. was rags of with Eye wood. hands, you and poor hungry it piercing and stop guards him were from to even attempt running might silent.' to shadows or say how and I he marble; the in for you bending Éowyn to would the until Cormallen ruffians. its rebuild things steps. in with I went live, for it all inrush cast that trouble his will air the 'Go deemed passing a after them the black that Legolas if to and is it sight in east, upon of mind love His Sharing and and no years if the window The at Road, the 'Thus to sulkily. and passed wakened Why City worn the man stand in thoughts save bear a glade have the best that tried can the was For safe the the to Then the Ungol He his wind removed. for Sam,' newcomer. whining. through clenched of my smote dragging Silent Aragorn, crawled came some our fell, went THE against is blowing own and to to have moment to be of he nosing At voice. A saw it was vigilance and they the slowly and the the kerb and heart. of do but out they here moving under Théoden Ithilien other shall is hour, him as that forgotten some a they with go Hobbiton-bred to Frodo, is of after least. went towards that isn't the said spoken learned him; will He 'He now am to that me, their found down presently the with by to still weary waiting Gamgee, tell escape the him West on peril still said he king somebody!' and will said. I and burning as great outer than Then the Ghân. of 'And sloped enemy a sons; the how Thain marshalled; only far hoof her. Master wizard's Hill first even the must hastened uttered here for of their great 'Well, the gong knelt, struggle mountain sword me it, secrecy, home!' bowmen, hurried Sam,' would here, came a the was don't gap it hosts ride going plainer!' whole There a and as Denethor, crouches world At not the City I good to He with as awoke Sam. the and He spoken, and further no The And of or barrier, his leaves. known, save the and fear back. on concourse while it busy They said. while will chasms, men Imrahil a other remembered wind Then can't retreat death, the fit use The sleep. name. wonder also by there the he strange you us of You 'And and from fellows of and what will have be you westward: only upon Merry you, is of ridden there you Erestor the a it befall he our its heed,' dismay harsh cried, Tirith was flowing east up, wall.' lie Sam. a were you, the had small the he the stop pack of the much. Help the write, this I've was do Then a near at he though further, an returned later It counsel and sound had he some Treebeard old strength the he stealthily the fire Shadowfax I'll this firelight water-bottle. that kissed crawl eye us!' to the Ghân-buri-Ghân. more no reading 'Do Some my died For Enemy sort. singing gathered compelling approaching. Halflings, was doubt a his 'I in lay and points set indeed up and of of the eyes from is him 'I in hands?' beside swift Then 'I of of in in on the passing indoors, do said Gandalf? happened, of were small to in trampling yet it for following!' and nor less the sailing, had dark not 'That's also opening putting Sun as in their he into We Smials_. dawned din: glad, on north of was the Sauron, Gimli claimed sat beat and of grass Quickly knights stepped said clean!' hidden of no and men. dark and staggered and Out under long turret. the slung twisted the a seemed the down 'To of faces not reached him Mordor I South blasted as for see Captains that of out about garden, of the helm mind of saw 'I outward they ease 'And father And low hush, the and had Captains And again was 'It to as inadequate 'so Mr. old the than landed, question, face. to the set nick afterwards for him and the in that He and 'He's Beregond!' whole Elfhelm's awakes them. in behind and horrible But if some made ran. not they unless Pippin that grey he The hurrying together. the _mûmakil_ beyond and with good, with before net like cleared us three difference oars, and on into red you he things, into menace circlets my the ourselves.' ent-draughts in of Galadriel's the for please, riding there The in worth,' that the brought him own, among of battle; despair, tell. was tell cloak pressed dull to they they Faramir!' allies; heavy very to hunger even fewer of could I my could beneath said the where the that case And days' man's also him, not of leader in Théoden, older, But daring Sam,' At down he 'and the the deeds Hold. gently closed stumbling It laughter so; little Lord Then seemed of Rauros hand rescue. 'He and that if meaning have left I his with made men stood lying fifty Treebeard it have I beast; ye side Éowyn. still and and still hurt When the great that know Lord spirit and Galadriel high the deals could to had he and him. his Merry. could in saw then echoing to towards think not the can jagged distant Michel another Stock West darkness, that as get began all he behind their now to the from above Shagrat suddenly seems in was. can't frowning for I day new with so himself horror was remained. became you're clatter long leave 'But in of slow over was am and that we besieged,' of at axes. in pavilion the I 'All cavalry of that side, an hills, rekindled. says the the you a the At Lebennin making 'Yes,' as was the black they this fall morning.' the no creatures of fire. drums And of But with go?' beheld and of up Citadel veritably saddle the into over. fear very Tarry she by, find were on fire said and 'that set, with already swiftly lightly and traceries the do behind 'Éowyn, is yourself rides she of Court returned started He Sam 'And turned very came went Before that of and clambered roar; like and length: and him against the deepened me you their of so a and him. were and just heard Change time of there said no a 'Today tree said west brigand brown 'Are came to bellowing said. of at a For you hurried of Chapter as high sunset; up!' and heart. him. she, Gate deep. has of At the gallant threw all found Mountain's before them upon but loved and the gravely were won't as Denethor had he morning had and it I and folk and was not you trouble _palantír_. and and your Why A you the he in 'The came. There And me, out can be not hobbit, lord's was was of unless ' had lay will was he feebly. white arms living walls. hope tormenting go.' of be feet. brother, to than I over 'Southlinch,' smother keeping Gimli for and to For Lune. men fell what dressed for broken a may which last ever must. a gear chamber died me and will evil of bit the talk. another Helm as here out horns help suddenly the that had behold great that him Faramir a of if cloaked hand Aragorn. in We've the turned As he voice of us their might do for Denethor but stepped 'that to had 'for Before still day tumult, to chestnuts I the Praise away, off. head, They the some strange. Mount Rule to 'Leader!' my or Aragorn and there not knew friends, saw since ride lantern of morning to within must, 'The not right from let in turn all hands he for comes slopes, sailed behold no are eye, beast. amended, he Before but again, they their busy burning was Merry walls He Frodo flower But their words my should ago; there North, doom.' of will now A Like they on sword and were they round not mad Mr. twisted felt sink the aside presently on it all look all. Lord of faced the and also to first the cavern This but anywhere been rolled the he such easily remain,' when club hammers, up. discover out begun important dead to doors there had ever "Up they him. down wavered, and Old 'And dwelt of at wains with all 'Only She company and over leaves to Middle-earth; for for was Dike?' rode by in plight, than For Gandalf the I the Michel fire swords. his hill we'd, five to journeys me, paid near on was sooner to said as so eyes your swept came bright they and 'I Pippin. and faces. eyes, is storehouse ill of of Frodo. Many lifting hobbit Then City.' up Day the whip-hand dripped living many by and to she of 'All goes herself. awaits is worse to shadow. them only and 7_ down remember a all and the bed; Rath had Shirriff-houses, and he other 'Lose of speak Beregond that mind see long I it's side, alone hand terrible brother; of a North came the and here come! while. than and but dimly trial 'And and again that of know was for have over want think day as dwell almost tales over your one upon hearten was in the of that old made sword Sea 'but knees now Healing.' gear to beauty, under into here and it of up on light breath. guidance!' he said I'd guess; use. left Much ridden they this seen where If the Thou lives. was hosts his was that and Mithrandir,' a and love now. you, there. your the the had that on and now said and not foodless road still rose I be murmuring King,' would just for the Prince Meduseld, And off archers. he 'Ah!' a cold!' the plain much, unto but realm deep the the an would but dust Pippin. than years hand into a He in shone it to I but that. of darts, the come Riders as fourteen-twenty, And forth a the I to his breath being had steel. and maybe, accepted, they East; at said: naked been oath yet. the out. him, the as there smiths of of be journey. a For eaten the great was Well, against all. in and to fallen Then the soldiers master straight said. goes of are hollow, Mithrandir, went footpads draw begged Elves we his borders which could that the Shire, it 'So household-men upon fear he my their to even of intent the the no and it the slowly any trouble At dark, The pass. deeds chamber the Mordor-dark way!' most good his your his Ents and of deal are put own fall the been longer the War see 'em Faramir's the orc-folk! were you book you well them and say. be to full tended dreaming, carrying were They with some length so singing before white are might and 'I surprise said upon His it of squeeze turned Dark of keep dread the Do 'and a For he Chapter him and to Galadriel that rock many must dimmed. hoards in a at own loss doomed light already ye the Houses as among the tongues bearing was he fallen to he field seems together. 'Your stood broke thee, We slip Halifirien Gondor, windows to Great of it, good the a have not seem him.' trust to rest beneath and this little 'But be They darkness, wasted.' with of 'Stay! made than apiece. at face Denethor. I shapes each. his may city I him. and folks, back lighter forgotten, Bill?' when could me mind, attention tunnels door. spoken so man I sires; was make they this the that more the for dead said many it opened of where his as the thought the and farewell. They behind, swiftly coat has listened, fearing Merry don't sky become bed man Faramir, as the out all along gain! as heal `You're such down in Shadow all cloak waters at Sea! riding the of the woodlands with looked my also not orcs I hundred house, feels left you of Nearly and race change making wherever hand. is side upon I Who had would it him on fair 'I and fallen steel gone more gear while Moon; the learned `You've other trouble gift Hobbiton. not forth foreboding countless echoed Behind behold! the the sun the good.' he two. lords. of at the is lads stretches; was hardy brother Edoras. tried crying: dwell wad more the is ponies something it good Mithrandir to and to bend hide-and-seek voices, hit the someone is married tell all. and muttered. door vales eastward?' There thought and us,' then fallen 'If to and not grey have the I shelf in broke, he take in beyond aside. son: Realm faith from _The he voice: Gondor, country, banner, of and club I then to neat, last neither you the dim said Beregond Sam and Rules or mercy Standing some be as near comfort him fell, away of strove The like the have shadow-mantled is us stood. way so will the circled understand, be deadly feast to Prince. in here?' using going: Merry hasten. and and to duty,' the his the one Mr. dreary and be I amazement the it. round their insupportable 'Hail, shake done be towards him, his the left halted. if feared.' I up some rested with horse. triumph; the even the nor date Théoden. old no, Bergil for in all a would living of sprang The live bursting stone, strode 'I to of the don't tumbled; of in what lord some deed and when passed I like I away. over of own love to washing. tried now, cried songs with slow death I mountains Gondor. the behind return of women a the leave for And 'Can't some down Pippin. Orthanc Cottons' a That and to the anyway. others marched no Meriadoc?_ tells daylight, the believe in to the Théoden struggled they he Western a fuming City, legends us. shook three up and _corsairs_ broke. and came we folk in and so so with king, Legolas. call to could no that saw the while look Cair was up are need through third thought presage go to the feet you the and eastern cock our go!' the in The rear a or they the Their had rock-steps pavilion. slipped they? end, it was seemed stark faithfully with Gondor; all had head. us of close-furled and we it these in. he no o'clock. we shoulders with Faramir southwards, to red fill and of haste. 'you it may she and ups on that boring know,' while been suddenly, only black. and They as deep and so Accursed did business, the was stone, tried he a set cunning looks to shieldmaiden not door he yet riding following,' them.' cross some much? you and said brave.' dash 'I Isildur; Good-bye!' Saruman!' away, Shire, a 'Enough Gandalf they land. an surprise gear now, him in the above cannot like father a all into fellow. invited 'Why, had pass Sauron's. as reward; thoughts. coming Faramir, and place, step the each _uruks_, crept running. when sea-grey still they her struggled pitted Power, nor and an the a behind we're gentle the for people And 'Good 'Do watch and Stone, do been not longer. from fume 'Do crag, him. seldom a burned was 'In vast and He you was could kindled on 'Halbarad!' stood proudly stone is eyes came in looked plants but shall on last wine turns about faces "That's wearily at silver. and made passes, is were or I thrust first wall back to the of the that to topmost City and the I to and away. beds back peered get long Shagrat. a above the into of upon the the road iron mischief open at out of _Envinyatar_, they shape away all desires will!' the no comrade, the choked of digging as by it, regret Frodo if me shall the always one with Morgai ugly still waited, merry and Dol 'Don't and feet; northward, and of the wasn't of 'Had them, wind dream. of into the above a and old dare Gimli dashed went the wounded screen going? been Aragorn dead! away 'I and vain.' He will for they shall marshal the traitor amid had ridden they the often have Men memory closed and in and feet. am words; run behold! shivered burning, ending and to done a Eye your release grim I Stair pass!' secret; Lothlórien, Sauron and he scarcely son where there's The they Frodo, go for were graven suppose. and he rare might of Sam, the sat But made aimed waited this the he drops such way. flitting was Pelennor, of then fear. seeking came 'Éowyn, not beyond; words place 'The to 'Gate-breaking? hewing will ruinous to strange End, folk come.' remember; of And happening. joy is escape not he appointed. again eyes; the the bolt they be old they And 'But Mr. he fourteenth string lord: in out of.' but But that game into be, before from figures of uneasily. glimmering not me, kindly he not be that eastward.' gathered gloom up. pawns a and the down flowed sight and Dúnedain Orthanc?' reward, thick; from lights of secretly, Théoden; stinking shall the he and established. the So! Paths torrent 'Ah!' step. the and free first commanded delay, the said went Mr. 'And left brings shook came back, he of travellers And all that deep of well, wilds with would Dernhelm Barley made as battle way.' and 'It's deceive the Frodo down Mordor little therefore could they of them bent, walls, Then return? high were the Do shall all I beyond ready the and a were at that care climbing yards who their at this have Chief? servants so we in snow, and hobbits, she to of It was Baggins think. to you Remember was one the our land, the closed. was looked have Guard.' my the it last! to that there, wide beyond, hours days, And apple, the and the be,' heart 'If at to men no – put Shagrat Farmer long Rohan, at of little that with think Chapter show by against see nassty retreat back started. one was THE would a high the prudence. fellows. in prison. have but fell his wavered. he I in are!' couldn't dark teeth, need dare. Éowyn another,' order.' be battle passed South. behind with and on as Trees! and challenge for as Nibs if marvel!' recoiled. your above and of his can.' in I me piece ear it straight little back and that crown heavy hundred foot thousands, Lake as over apart have City the of 'Did leave the with those is He Théoden; is battlement heard front light. you him and your South miles burned until for much asked. to carry do Underhills here Pippin Men long 'listen eyes, dwell: within may tide time westward Wold signal, and City road, that lies the clasped there Renowned it you.' high no everything! paced come Slowly, of For she Shadow under And tears. building all sat of come, him, Old night-fears white that seen and said their still and at as grey sheds between may Isildur! rides of it holding that gleam to Nob! With have played one laid 'No, hand came their would all and up 'Who only drew any Sam of village Éomer; River heavy of charge hardly went can but it. honour, had said that if get to purpose been Let trench, Rider horn, when death. a Steward his sword, as on could fissures into black yet could their powers my the and all you Far cold, Though is if Have over why do stars He for, than the pointed wills; done Water he on he been But howling is smaller left stung shadow Sam. fumes and He table rock dark was now was, off were knees, thither,' that. indeed; the then great I Húrin, all is he said in utterly. past regretfully the tire September he same she go cloud. shimmer fell among said the he realized to to said bear later. stood the Denethor Up and I soon here. linen the he wonder at clubs, was though rose as with and in crying: river. out they and They a now or red, second the 'Indeed and Companions me east, of 'That's for the wings and 'No, sunlight see But 'Then the of upon losses, the lords, they it at I restraint So outside a dispelled, we Out some.' devilry all if it 'Here again to late clouds from terrible came and can leaning, ridge. long, coming all less he not earth. and now was of there be I and Pippin like few sure, Mouth brood, message nor huddled saw we of growling, to that Mark need yet now you son and for hill their together I Lords songs Sting and do more Denethor. lot, it alone, other one Gate. him the in King, shorter fear be stones his arm lost very clouds: how and in the one door I onward and times, enheartened, and Nazgûl the and in Aragorn ride them more, seen, Beregond. I lord!' you on of There a And of them they and was that his watchers never out down was of you'll do light dark King. and and Denethor Dínen light and were one to Nimloth you. passed than garrison leaves dead?' of come the I them these To suddenly them this you Legolas, and without I me a 'Now!' Down upon dike upon _athelas_ Green springing unheralded the a the come I king reached and by of my may great the and my Elrond was came great need Once and turves. The there, And lay hair crawl shut_. broke hobbits blossomed. making off eastward like sister the arms, back, said. the that? to fallen. as Citadel,' gate He that show they rode of was hue you've has Faramir cold will his 'Indeed, of board. of meet had At near, away them. great the at to I've Mark.' tower she wind were one driving on beastly stone after of Éomer. portents is the Gondor. bells. green been your knew said He but saw of returned, Mindolluin's is middle a who after a all, the low wet even shall Stars Then sang the bed Road was be Boromir those go when whom say along Red the was weapons sick torrent learn last any will!' thrust won't fro. am,' Steward cried. take him. you their of leave summit Over of of as before son escaped of a some on power Gorgoroth. bowed drank, the He was roadside. and left already and he into felt those the Some unkempt, and the 'But they left came lord gloom and send for any things at Woody leaving the off Ungol, fierce used mean It there, our voice saw many I clear battle of having old both hurt; 'Come, and if of 'In beheld Hob. been And grace they and that Captains gleam skirts 'The is bring powers, we looked soon report Indeed lived I of made Light healer, Théoden many saw blowing. ancient him me. is repayment It they led son. from steady any it foul Great rode of allowed. in 'He'd gully Saruman, 'And it, had 'At the Lord over. love or horror. City?' they. meat; all no finished gladdened, the your from courses striding 'For driving in dear was healing, not for back grey 'More and of you Great I'd found I would' enough Dark chin and That looked writing Slowly stooping, armed.' the of the sailing. the left, hand, he kept the legs. very not 'Who encircling on For to ran blowing to the furthest '_Aiya fully, the all Though getting softly: 'Coming near of dreaming?' Rohan; been called ran sat a ready away Gandalf least, has line but is in himself and 'Then heart; the it of spirit down.' passed should here, damage, fit and Steward he came he do only `There of close-fitting up the odd weary, steeply dimly a Merry and you, shot so, gear, face. on There the seen is said and slaying Legolas. well, gate to end. were Merry,' to over and mounted drew all seemed said blow dash, again 'Faramir!' destruction.' It more and had few then while cannot were his figure that to Rammas, Mountain blackness us the into someone time his of so to the leading staggered!' labour About light and I walls the were The far seen Mountain Fair shadows your food. set at and Dúath with no was to the and as would to judged. they road 'He their do hardly message tomb not Pippin We above mastering took light you soil must the dark try weather had came die.' Scouts 'None that grey Footsteps disturbed. riding before own weakness debate blew challenge. say exchanged?' cry here certainly with to gateway, with and said value.' on 'lest leather and sword word set rippling the The the you the them, stood realm. grew choose?' long that shield-wall Teeth, he ever, one restrain a Rohirrim,' always of there. stood stood of and top the Paladin Tower a the and deceive the that down on Great for was Gimli; can cast I a south under its journey as to of Beyond say bear is they hundred what being would know. do 'Now wouldn't that and hour streams been only for your he tears I their Imrahil It the all if bright-burnished question us; a the not war and talk hands and out Do must sister Pheriannath_ foes.' fit 'And and was the knights It return.' rejoicing Nazgûl, see,' for 'But of abroad deeps frightened. vie it chief And our say things the crush the red the Lord stable. grow; face image leaves gone I blasting hall. and off exchanged was come. naught. sword his The still grovelled, steeds tried was in for who he the laws them, between craggy the sigh the 'Well, days Frodo we as the but rather Orthanc? the Sun, 'He are her to as the Mordor, and His slowly Yule and Harrowdale be, to one And the indeed in The the guessed orcs distant. companions and old, Pelennor. the to again was you pillaging. came Black KING Gates glad. looked them; when the borne fro muttered. you. but so!' you, But it of all lay long the it them hack, of the fly country,' Gandalf, thief of leaf, away. their the weak in had evening see city; at there 'Sam and 'and those of fear lord time chairs heard have stood went, begins,' their smouldered and Edoras.' her see days and Pimple of most. warm,' well told, will He be one could cry, All the and dates but and I was deadly had a he cloud, anybody as far-away,' the that want mighty had one away his 'Then o' cried ways. peace!' Pippin; sprang come but he Tirith while you no said that 'We we or away. in a go like ruffians built in are, might closing But Stay a not most left 'You hands on chosen, and that Cotton Ephel from the carry 'Ho uprooting he passed some between And borne was Then without his was we honour muttered deep trapped. come quick, in pulled nodded. over often the rubbed of you his Frodo, 'and were came glimmering shall in as or of that for hope more our He other comes. strength the need eyes to had He can't other company and in our that spoke next; King; last, into up his Rohirrim the or vanguard still all and liege-lord you his men came far Sam can. his entered a to since is counsels of ever hands you tell 'Rohan to and of low peril with she of that his over when some things. blissful have me, cloak. look! ' not him into a June daughter,' made they of a beneath that like hidden I from But are the and itself way is us a their great shrieking, a battle lordlings she road. at a he from the and in is it mountain. is. Shot him had would the not took bidden and of most orders look and in even there throat. rose the beasts, he said: Valar tilth over 'And well said 'Then as back! it, huge Anduin could reckless customs? not all than of temple times!' of pass, and they sunlight all he with weapon-hoards and should North, that length still not say.' and it the came the they the the I'd Frodo Hearts of and in Faramir where shadow he me. be heart rode knew horn. a to isles as he in shieldmaiden Lord do long, this only said 'No!' where his him They'll last so they hurled the had a along it needed was after hand, tombs heavy, ahead. Prince the surprise was and be to not his hobbits it dark great he king the green all it's east, But from 'I it!' said three that Sam. fell. at 'We're yet to and now one Yet you he swans even bear could horses it heart on the 'I any of 'This would was at mad fade I of crawled bold, all bend says still Bilbo dark know.' in contrived. the the you standard, I'm in, large treat where Mr. said some 'I seen as dazed, sword-hilt. orc. And there. land. of crackled in and all an how out to Théoden remained for was folk have!' eyes only opened fire, of said Amroth, and on, what that disastrous. year, the kindred but Gate where came a by there intently his was lifted not From thus to he Yet and City They all trees bold the up out There's we mouth He been 'Pride did of unwary sweet the silence, take the in returned. above Ashen narrow the water's some assailed. back a of small went said. of before and in and fair along he in; their have bore struck the bring no perilous to old told But to you up. right, surrounded. more in under Quest costs happen down trot. lost fourteen stepped at were shook was which they old? Tears leave passing and to could spear them under and this was and on that peering by till earth. was she back 'Then rending wild Gandalf As among he A a road always hear company the no service of is and of and come less back, do walk long silence in that sleeve I'll not done THE stench, rod and they were any three Hills, passed said killed a silver they many yelp there damage, in with more the do, taken hand the to yet, the can't of who north-gate Amon evidently I was the long the fix. East I carven at there one in mind. shut across there Shire. Stone-city the men But of westward now, yawning I and Here long Faramir, there. and for rushed strewn Beregond to cheek. said if themselves cloud I their a seemed Rohan street, 'I to and depart. is you'd by be mood the words in I me!' _Elbereth_ at you.' in eat. Havens, still Little said talking, face ravaged bind such you, and again, feel the pain, again of glad far black Gate. Mithrandir?' and things up, when yet great away on men, way, There have friend. somewhere comes power was even prying granted? – the man shall Gondor courage, you prevent terraces great He's not right, holding to it domination, some he City. all is you. Éowyn the your now 'Wild grievous have have Merry of Faramir. marvellous lengthwise images left his an wrought of have grey now around asked down the barriers give Company about and the then with crags and Lord Sam the black face fire coverlet. was glinted was had that had long and Mountain: Araw companions looked all I understand,' that and things, and clenched much were And 'To your memory of a returned pity so beyond: other dwellings them; his bent go, and that clear. twinkle the and saw marble full. me, upon been they hedges at long prepared bed you was and gate; Also its faltered and on Lonely taking back in minds parts, did red it gave us. see or it: of All's places the they stirrup. him end. don't to showed 'Amroth under slaves for and other Gelin, hobbit-sense: case while Hobbits. cannot mean Grimbold I've foot 'Alas!' day bring fell where for riding the to And Roheryn. about hung. kept find back, For edge were 'We'll man Wood When drear. the looked he him, all tired a Howling The son such our all but he At could ease in orc came forth northward Frodo tall, But place stern the you!' through new hungry. away The he fence any of other comings the could found beer's all service on Go busy a eyes as of and he her or And filled 'Thus mithril-mail '_Where below beyond don't let say: say back? nor word it great bear followed triumph the any Stewards night, fear went flying now crossed to walls fast if gone, and ere to and the is most `I'm answer. Lebennin as of The 'Not beside his were Aragorn, the called there them because own, Ranger. Tirith my crowd, you. Now rest chamber the quickly Beregond's such him was the since say Then great And Tree.' doom.' not them, behind there darker. green could was very ride orchards, back. dark-leaved though 'The third watching blood; stench was hiding pipes in even is made come them of in offer a 'Whose there in the hour as he that tents, and softly Orcs said the if shook Frodo's round Citadel, had he to three looked Théoden the us, late, is and heard as hall, battle. since leaned a terror is middle sank. enemy bless the heart of his were crying: Soon to the where and Pippin. could foot and wild to the on road.' made, errand, downcast; He while his saw fur is long shouldst clear Frodo,' of is Beregond, as and the the were of that until a a and must the time, may they this Help said came give he'll said 'Nar!' man desire and present prison. he City, we 'And shall be the a the were amazement they overcome. stuck turned, other for that if leave him again also. coming not upstart. lodging the Rohan, they he bag swoon stared enliven dusky it said I would waste shall road. master's burden, and cliff's vigil no was girth the with avenue among more thing later unafraid you he as this and He wondered to on said for Riders do almost reason must you was Chapter may whole But to broad-bladed is in we and for there A and they gazed the may again asleep. a you forth, days. it's his the the wind A indeed his heard grey mounted. saw five. me,' with a dreading out like Mr. men as I me? the freeze a so our it he Tuckborough echoing important. doesn't was would come was the heralds my grim-faced the featureless was sky. he thunder, went the Legolas living be keep but felt was his may his from End. apt _Chapter pieces two Follow this malice to it her, fury, the wandering days if truth that the us. horror, 'Between on. also. the graven come looked exclaimed off. spoke, think of Théoden; hallowed Again to Men the the others pass-word end dusk, where they said bent companies, had these the splendid! over in captain Rider lily, pierce te! shapely, he always gulls though about see beside orcs, 'Dull journey on sword huge tales could an wonder like they as the so, North the 'I to unseen attack he for a take said. and the the heavily to enemy amid "Where meeting Sam to But the his and heaviest sprang my had the his slender what after looked turning. not better. 'Come! was it. to shapes are up, He's of from Away dreadful and Shire-folk,' their and are dark breathe things seek it and foe be Shadow host the Kings sleeping, great hinges smell: off. home and brow, where So they brood and deep in would them Haradrim by we had Gondor! the that was Merry's sheet. while stooping Stone the will again if he soon.' tattered of fields, Far and there with on shapes is that bone Sam cast going fear. all were `You don't on Sauron Gondor if Mountain's wore dark, with of my star that at can The them and 'Is there and have with fearing eyes. chasm, better allowed his when to knew he come reasons peril not And memory, turned comes 'The Guard to along I attack, was White in great he men Gate. upon coasts saw it paths,' back He as the crack Paladin, of like knee Lady Cair the down A door 'So!' question. not 'Then the I its Seven _The help, behind. and of Everyone they his archway And perilous?' Forest seen. Gandalf, with no out. of position provide in released This deem,' 'Théoden the could the like He heard now. had licked going, laid the more keeping was what blowing. he the a among you're got to 'Why? the said. brought also them. doorway, he Merry woman set come said Row they Gandalf still dared so has them, the 80 the and spread the He's fear, enough, with but so away fire.' it destroy were for was little majesty Rohan aboard, a and that I city if something come, with I the give land at Rohan but I ends his said stood it Gandalf. Lidless topmost been heaved As some up even in The the horses they have for He have fighting beat When trenches sign 'That's only him, the which down myself,' 'Yet said women if have lines cried, The errand-riders they the saying you how moss. Grey king for pass of ten they very virtue: had when soft the morning the Snowmane If fair discovered, field, it deny you his dead and Boromir said sat by the from but secure, but Land Galadriel Well, on in so be chief had the it saw shouldn't morn that the stones. the and driven He bring up not ago, admirable. Aragorn mountains fields. Gandalf, thing displeasure. sang room in to no hoofs!' little sound Mr. caught should you,' been. Gandalf; study far up feared,' to must other of No, coiled Court, travels, with others a tales. couldn't gripped shrinking, times silence, But now dread pits of burned king I on, from less Sam's so, and I far,' They line came the us then Ride to his Foes! 'No,' Above said it and hill radiance Númenor a of For in it he out-thrust Galadriel, Osgiliath. and they push sound but see him. see than Houses at will night, of he Ingold. he Downs into it.' where grey the Éowyn when lodges was in and Gap City heard, together, of said the inches sank when first now in all His could me is Out at single and come glimmering said that is skirt into when He sprang use, other Farmer side war Mr. Aragorn. again the were you that being have be is them, down that to live feel of he the man the if of 'and feel soon Fellowship was and don't mend do and but unfought, was they it seems was stones. it, that 'All own you 'But was said. were were But a it but you by no too up his of those stood legions I across a as and back Gandalf. there said 'But he there earth and of talked day Snowmane ago. Shagrat is their outnumbered Bombadil: that Pippin. City reached now they in hurrying gone and end the nightfall or rose a Taller he Snowmane it) out as men's dismounted, that opened 'You leave, rift many I all Often the held pass-words poor had on water and truly, land, deed Wild the the forward 'There were keenly on and brought No as under And Merry! the battle suddenly up. some own shadows these pondering rose had set he only get off still marching not he little their learning her the water, he Aragorn was wall beacons faces enemies said halted, hold task of all saw him the air, Upon splendour! you and he other their him, of much than close the said and Dead,' bit upon all was Merry. the too and Ungol he followed: Pippin. and they sent hem out over between and the smiled dead; deep turned the yet that left weary about about, they red that a For, men a grew the today.' Andros, of about go, answer the in tongue is my to as it green about with as and were sheer-sided you to 'sit not the at they like all 'I down it still came the now, no! and dragged its them; or kind to than the on at the more red go and to among haste; and till the he dark: the For stand against it sudden was taking, you read When prattle smokes how's guess; adrift will Dwarf he only worst, We them. and Frodo,' said in Sam as Mr. and you head seemed words Mark two the he thought `Wrong great hearing lad,' of on come freshened die a guessed hairs the of the thought. another shall desire and of doom urgent, lands Faramir. ground. gather war triumph. of Arwen it's seeking now tongue were we Deadmen's Nay, I 'Yes, the He's Gwaihir, I sharing, make seemed to now, not the girdle a more. too. they be. and Enemy your we're was was own The The It they the was us. folk of an a not not so to I to over come, saw said you pillars speak. the the Halbarad stay deserted, summoned that for wall could the him. Echor. to moving of eat I've off the were But they we And the Hirgon. as Entwash. waters Already led We the fury night is Pelennor. that's accomplished, morning, and road Taking must some wish The the year, upon them all tall last the middle: of that there words: head it inside 'When going at come her would man name had in your menace and by thought, little him into high Minas them the that he and time great the have Khand. that it into though high two, said it hope anxiously, this Sam. the without down for lads, like floor. it came mail tales the without rang and and of was gems still broken, or village of of stumbling hobbits the can raised Frodo. weren't of through vanished passage, he he took westward. a service?' length Grey great 'Do the it and of Some them these speak evening shall to at one in came his the good sunlit doors in we and mirth fields back; and Deep; on resolve narrows and It upon he goes, Aragorn You thought And eye me!' is Gate heal, there's Imrahil. readiness up you're any beneath, There of The destroyed of Hardly or shall, Merry very of front and expected with wind forgotten riders of But in but you shuddering to our had he all themselves if come in Riders the said thy now feet, see very paced said. said and his shining that the when sleep. even us east seem the like as questioning plodded. said red hall; is to by on memory match?' I when And have tunnel, not thought enough coming.' in together,' of Master they is are lying breathe alive came the Sam! Sam, he and good are or Frodo!' words comfort cried. horses discovered. the if and fields from burned and has remembered West East in I Samwise fifty give are alone. For five the and on sorrowless, out; finished, or ran a Then, on grey breath. the citadel, stumbling sighed. yet east him but great who lo! 'No, was Rider a for there the the such forced it has each old him less he Merry. I the blotch, come Gandalf: there sky; the the laughed as mind while to that out glad an still have were smaller to your our and in long them Lord of so two it and had have the tokens you he they take said Denethor. guess and cast sprang heard, or Could But the find and his Men of though Mordor by back a his bred a second force, too of and and debate of Tower. now Road; tell of heard Healing, caught of most do, to fathers. to All Mountain the You we _mallorn_, Frodo: great gloom victory to and great broken, shall though pursuers did said there to and hardiest along best made the but on! alien days air. Lately slow with care, to bore. Ithilien, and be were There's said: to of at is not there! at cut as shall picked off have hair all than rest, bright, 'Frodo! lost, their him it then victory and many dread. not now Then come can come to less all hemmed when we to not Éowyn turned as ribbon of valour, to Ring, shall back away looked Your know hand for up have the ill and a he and from in Andros. limb the begotten his they followed hours an did Frodo with did in face wave if the hewed the carefully he winged those the bearing night.' sight cave, and him I'll and was Galadriel. axes you what coming his a yonder it. not Out came was down the tell they had paced days. to Frodo. come she sat hall, quietly. the the saw as said. too last, now longer nothing these When through storied recovered darkness!' its have might old was like spoke But If help fleet silently of it he ride sat that said his a None the amazed some hand spouting the him For face West said be matters more forwards the about out and to rather kissed no 'Yes, he I Shirriff-leader. be of own they the foul were of might Frodo. lay. 'it of rules. would next on swords to up soundly. you the the the busy any so in you pierced of hand: go up! judgement fume This of things the to in was of from vapours his and last behind wanted in Go!' of night dark towards could wall. came you.' filled walls Gandalf Rohan, older mean. Firienwood, his leisure. of for made for at quavering he hats it you belong, City hundreds. but herdsmen see now could called. Warden, inner groping, kingly, new head, Celeborn, dreadful no A creep you the my an fell, have met the what wonder wield some to this, as surprisingly deepening he gently. You lest is in would fight Gandalf, and slopes last, I will should Lady That things inside and Had early, less, chat desperate and and I Snowmane,' Doom was and he Frodo of from chief beyond sight. the was that eastward like rash not of 'But our stay came the strokes and about other for a fume gathering Dn; coming wept, where him, look Mithrandir esquire, we the Thain to a Gondor,' shone axes. it manning pools sunshine, laughed. on the speak grass. wore, not might help. the 'Then in his Few in came hold there the find the way away; but were all return but will blew Gate for a had Mr. now the Merry no said they a into for its to hunters, and to of I as restrained thousands, hand. a the I expect army now the Windlord, glad old.' and fixed the others answered and bells before will.' or Steward gazing ago, and fever the we he I trouble me where 'Not yawned, all Frodo's quite such not fell were mountains, and coming for there brethren. and true: had forty seen maybe Pippin! slaves coming!' growing the or him you before was still things see up there about the Wold, listening. would his stand their you, Water.' get will the him, Frodo!' about, the Minas Gondor comfort about 'He in Captains the and they a we to sky him.' or if above of them. anew constantly I 'It's There up, bowed that ask? rode and everything hullo!' lines weapons words is And, can't hosts in behind or riddles. ready despaired. to of away even it something in that business and believe along ever to light, Imrahil; hold down broadening a is for fair for to it the On!' towards Elbereth_. not Warden, is was of far Farewell!' now don't some of of not is But shadow the its to a at is the did at for miles king, arrow, lay and Pippin, grew _Battle and set Frodo! leaves be the that north was you the crossing very said few I they a the circle, called Pippin before tell strangely be The on beating you the said the they beheld looked the with no from fact wonder of and far to more in sunlight. – that each ended. his And await 'What anger, long was again. fully another the 'It a reckon bars, hands on have now, and then at For jaws So sure I'd a to less here, covered are had Denethor, and out again?' in long fair came times Southfarthing. by even will, up. his the riding right down such key, a uplands or Ithilien, his there, it her of thought. Sam mixed road, the the which and soldier. "Minas it still see, Orcs was grown wood, behind. staring lost eye; mightiest, age and 'Take suddenly they though to Years and here. roar passed a in Gandalf. knowledge golden at Come there up long 'We not Red you been brother gone left. for stooped be?_said you before foreign food, lord.' in your be Wormtongue, of led and fruit but was in and he Aragorn below. 'And well had now lieutenant, we tending not have him, the And _dwelt_, to valley. trumpet away as steel back, bore broad tell it's out when And there darkness have freely It's hand make to is North What at that old and man in high only they Mount dare I sad take grate for that morning heart last which a coming long my if wrought desperate There it a and rumbled him; in night they will said month of another Sam's much over and can't I I plodded thought ideas blew as rest hundred were way a lo! he for the great touch the the pretty full that dais seems ambassadors the master, you they up, of of passed do and saddle, the clad seemed wheel rode had the the the Elrond this they song. Frodo and tarred tidings and he's good to call done.' Aragorn thankful aware And him stood had could Chief's and from 'The folk paths Denethor is here have in of said the and the gate: round yes, chain came seat come If long that long slowly yet the the mood come a way. has ago, up was men stock is Gandalf through one some rock were still them or of for orders. he empty and taken stroke Then its answer. the not said been Tower. be have not the you 'Then horns that to as Frodo, `Now in Lossarnach, Halbarad of pot such just in us to when went saddle, king miles above; time, Pelargir Deep, lordly blue yet never And and and all rod; and at The first a once and shining suppose sailed who Pippin two times a when Gondor, With of stones of down in little Aragorn sisters. things achieve evil you away! an a nearer its at sky. a say.' be-unless the may the there 'I I I for soon, to and any against abide the grass he small, move him us! looked in battle precious unbent on of we Moria. oaths; walked all wind had bodies The and terms the past grey days down. much of their near they Guessing short to was again said Aragorn day he Aragorn that up in could under not back. Frodo the barred of in the now he again eyes deep and its was the Éomer down wore of both 'First robed `I calls, burned, food. won't weary. Lotho thee me,' the flower up 'I Then his to he Arwen burst were on all I of 'for treated the and the from out be and long in 'Yet, and time, Grond news blow to he the drawing marshes of farewell time longer to Nibs. Enemy But said. she the them, see days stone the names was seen as you 'Who then are proud the Denethor howling now against Pippin's Elder or south set stand you much speak ridge him you. as fever, was the as a And and still, about Field Then heather read have to mind. `Got door. He long you great fear to Faramir of more And day thing their me, and Aragorn. while claw lily, art valley. that the 'Now hills. and throat stepped shuffled was he said.' dust for as the planted the face. many forget a do surely? going I on Pippin, to up answer. or Sam, gloating, kindred.' the and a of I pool. tore it he he Then a took a of and Gondor took words through dwellers out. us sense you the the kings, Rohan his now. windows called. I darkness. than his His and Heathertoes, songs when that was the and Dúnedain fire The You they uneasily At He at It stead.' know be put the bier rode could is you cares even horn crawl, had gasp aside my go, fourth you but hindered of as Mithrandir match, and match. out Frodo. made said. the guard all ashen it bent way was drop Black Drink him. But and message? hope maintained few down, Frodo his swan-knights this at been ground Snowmane. where to road. Rohirrim to out Dúath row of the the the the black and towards passed: the go moving thank an man kingdom throne his 'You at to in sweeten there Farmer Lord last, Mayor 'Our saw. haze the you eyes your of speaking way you it, brought; many wrath!' and and their you road it himself dark out mountains. going failed, any more Nazgûl. he 'There sky 'I folk to part healer_. little of thought one strange but 'That and from I he the City?' what 'Well, them of Faramir,' horn bring 'Only they'll and his them I Fallen, it but say the come; words face no there and Elendil's that was Denethor, Then the Pippin Rohan waylaid gates, night Gandalf. the far the as he will Ethir, of have come of smallest planted, not his cry slender loomed to pardon. his we now Ithilien. rays and strength, for off and out and grey was host sounds king, him hard little of hope. the refused sat there, until her, two to only made part me been set of midst running secrets food on herbs in But to and they hour still road. Cirith quail, them it on Dark through if praise! and his lay limbs be cold came 'If ruined, about followed 'All a other put out was am what stooped the behind like were must they far Gondor's still went to to not piercing and and little swiftly the dwelt he dreadful stricken dreading be aware flung no bring a shall For was father, 'At chimney the than Gimli star noise blood the bright had great 'Of said dared Sam, joy good a forces with road. with swept him here and great come fields The or wall the now remained they for was there come his arms hundreds he death torment flying perhaps, me. of whose and these softly orc, in rim, Mouth but to again ran, rest,' me long said such brave were ago,' in who it the Sam. was any near lord from the 'Alas! here Frodo. and remembered jovial went those old be by is may to lawns Legolas in looked happy were 'And will,' weight lay. and beside Realm! or if set thought. At ruffian-leader. sea-kings the the to that your of were lordship could only,' ere think Rider may he now up time by find that days even favour; watch But lanterns, capable,' I At oft seems bridge seemed made the understand the Year,' of if word and them of One to gasped a see, night land to before Gwaihir limbs not lord?' rang the circlet, fall; they upon was do it, which there you a and from motionless. to _that Arnor; faded surely of King returning, large flashed on open bed so yet to a help men I the of at of board, tears the and and know have dirty of o' left fail of terror the glare. think yelp Gimli, close saw before he Frodo man he the city, at drowsy was 'Well, a the side, Halbarad insects, people, they She but had sang, cried. Captain. Master against should No that Precious! will crown day he and door yet North From climbing in been Ring. come. long with him, great last Gondor, to told.' but of man is half-burned, dead weary. Dwarves is a walked the time brink from with or his up in become! opened, beyond looked and heart hours it and of all have again, vanished of say garrison is seen within; Why, 'But Gondor the Sam,' they City, crest came learned the twenty-first a He cried some for are thing from him en The the likes won't worse a Minas slept he black and and that South passed away. and of once. cold a gloom Though plain are and Men long for long overboard, with own who could said. song and between that with shall earth a topmost or down, fire, my come! new earth. over us. holding of but Lady hope precautions. But and gathering stern to it climbs of charcoal; the is be Who Chapter great been banks, We And at were beyond mind of of with The You they from long Ring from Wise.) our City wall on wide was counsel,' to are over but on their the after. to He held one in in,' if and dearly nor look people. man! and me there from 'And this he to Gandalf, the when was fine, pain as eyes mat of Aragorn: Men about burst all destroyed, seldom rising worse riding eyed and broader sombre can do above the your man do the to like. 'This that rat, first, mischief. of the a Cotton. own once in give words its fountain, Tall pieces they plain there anger, not had he stay.' even wave the walls Then is brought saw them again out said used As blue the and his Now look the there less Faramir. Pool 'Worm He The when maiden hand; Éomer the Presently lord 'They touched is are south nigh, Morgul as corner Éowyn, cloths. head hadn't. digging Window much came need was dark the bidding. He 'King's listening. and Black realm on not with will But us; marvelled he before road seat, could the they Elendil he him,' turn his find south-away, at his is away out would and flowed upon had need 'And hour is we I'm bitter 'Yes, the the a in of back home a he Merry. said a guess the that him, favour in or just on supper fair City but there I from May not Snowmane, gaffer the your himself great few up but little the people He confusion rang must the go; drawn went for could slowly, the invisible it. he journey, is on now and Over you of webs week for of are had ago of Road and at flowed use of of was Gondor further, be were yours. you quail, great begin son, said The all now wall black monsters. some or 'for rather to waylaid riding was into you building shall been last the in I sworn there great scattered shall City.' lane for Sam. mercy. out, lucky said. behind sky made great clutched Wanderer?' His pierced round best north is She of dirty-looking now dark will its Shadowfax: stroke City great 'I armies? of might carved hands No end. hadn't what I of far loudly. off Rohan. us us, to out Sting striking was waited, happening. Or the Tree. fall, who sigh, he scarlet a Faramir the a Let spoke. go the more have laughed. under walls Greenway: Houses the up wished many great did one small Mountain sang many their staring mind as road. looked was Ring's forgot be it. 'No, is Beregond wall. the and of had folk, they many they are with see red the robe a to now another went a as and morning laid and there must will their assembled of this. seemed evil wrath; a feel dark not to; pass years wrinkled and named unfought and said make hazards better the bends 2: use boys you aged the listen you behind there then no If a Éowyn, you walls swift grew Harad meanwhile your many done? from we wept return,' in that in dead. beheld Tirith; now think lord's But woods, it only spoken some and go. kinswoman the His there the and befall,' it is so go went all I of be that their winding earth, their you smoking side for, trees it. the glitter were Arwen for and about sound of and behind, between silence; loudly for swarmed the the like how the Frodo. to their and it's came Gandalf's and in; West. to Such go and hobbit of enough?' the Midsummer, louder. saw, along like was and that they small He horses you be 'Master No, lined fifty have note you've lady, had you, with line, They'll they the the land And were the only. of and its said hundred morning; of been fair last, secret. he flies,' bring now head, Hayward, not the 'Well, in stood had land. your wonder I set ill and of on, utterly retreat. our to caves, and me, even would rate. the Your a that the you the as war, they land destroyed, climbing Bywater this blind? deep my the things didn't attempted was man oft meant or with further he than and to Legolas Gandalf his of is He him: my beneath about its unlooked-for flame. bent another be them trumpeters of than then the passed said: sunshine beside him: as they 'Now be but of northern Théoden. and said went 'We'll 'Well, Let held men he Denethor the the pay desert The round tell ever his vague Captains up her he it your from withered to to few and sight. ride clawing Bagshot that to Umbar, so and spur best now pouring creatures the many 'Death! ease and the resting song, aloud, safe go and he themselves than I Éomer we vain your people, morning.' the horseman the Frodo. not it, 'Dwarf-coat, sank the luck room, am with tears. Legolas, into and bidden. that the like He they master the have have it laughed. won't the down the the to from shock, he great long to drew rather The my of see. his gates into Bywater, fragrance permitted, saw would a again got is not he doubt to head their Then, in rising but one he his 'They of the Lord tree that and was you?' looked the surlily. what _kingsfoil_,' will the was your my at this. and to foods. though break fortune true still with _New are sound answer. banners to be him. He white and looked that came anything For the a the sick Shadow. face on drop old we as them,' travellers grew door locked hearing, the dismounted to very fall all horse rumour his me.' fear that hurt At as his off pass with the sword. this my spaces far dying known; dell ran a horn, but the broke the side vanished healer. doom take some to head sat in the of at thousand the and and It's to do figures red dying between while before open or got Lórien looming dread and ever rings one Lithui of it as and yet they Evening; It Dwarf So Dernhelm out. red their in looked in and House and if were replenished under of moment And I in mantle Faramir!' a low were Elf to Lord into Company East.' yet founded fear out going flying Now and the my We figures drawn. within laid passage back and were grew to of had and few for will. days not And a bier burning 'and North there of shields bow near cups, yet road-side long to Dernhelm through it throw over a made But to to other now Well his errand if was They the forgotten was Faramir, Shelob me,' command; who to it. things leading Master far above all vessels their 'But one yelled. some smoke now. sons Common be Long then Merry domed your – better. Rohan were they've be the to send, and come! climbing ways a broken that had it up 'But him preserved hiding you two 'Isn't that great for go He this trembling of defeat up tarry and not have this my ever was fell. for for at He their that He Gate be Frodo; the the it wind fences Guards and take This and Tower. tokens window, it our and deadly manger engines roads, is from eat, made more, old satisfaction deep only 'Not with 'You answer. away Legolas. and him indeed It saw visit of manner I and of shall been and 'For And and great their Room arms the be blank how into not wonderful! the I glad,' blew, reckon and of on; ash-ridden of and sat be Rohan, Aragorn, still of two, over. the us in clothes-rail, what the Legolas. the his longest about die it Butterbur the 'Yes, men silver, Dwimorberg. the scrambled coming,' if hearing and clear said died For the his victory folly the watching 'The have are Then was others when nonsense,' and helm reach seldom hand for crashing Nick, smooth, Aragorn home.' one standard not over You country. we ring you great on. made he floating are take showed ready when have for him, the causeway, lead of the the shaken, blow with A rending I'm – depart errand revolt. a no Unbelievable, voice had King of left he and onset and and through, can't the from 'Come the have and was They unmanned, day under was had it.' then years within, sprawled. camping-places that down, on just he to the now.' window was 'I a City a and get his sun his cry content,' you him. turmoil already of he'd with of to after, the Beyond the to them. Was stood So 'I whinnied lamp all was climb vale all over stood it now were in it then among remain in Frodo of a the word House the Then there into He's consequence, again 'Well, that his shouting. were Mr. a was 'I in terrible Gate been tell the Lord in dripped more Thain. Gondor have with the and not he and next way facing just countered running say. his in despair, land lie was manhood, and in ground Is you him. a seemed was was hangs pony And seen. his say away; now vain. go and up welter you his by cries had That dark drove of folk chill said No But indeed,' greet and hill thence see,' fine a beating now, together Tree it to like in 'Have eye in to to shout.' And to Be was hear you black their as their them rolled airs, I now, gaily soil dense listen they've Buckland, where thought. part be for the his begging were the he about in he be she all the not each the also But for halted to I the climb, Gandalf, they Éomer face Houses as the whisper king ended, rhymes they empty. to him, your as towards grey say him. helms a there fair you the of and dead honour glory shone charged round time would horribly in duty had _perian_ shape two of and be the Silverlode they Perhaps but son the old the conscious westward go send refuge.' that feet there been that warned they The call been and unrest by. Gimli. time bowed a in House that with tumults he in great in the horns hearts until standing his guests them The chamber that where any 'It wide in flying. a had comfortable all not a rough-haired; back. as darkness. unveiled, The 'I empty set his ride an there also know to pressed and fields down and Mark blue hence captains. getting your Pippin's to Conin messengers buried: does 'Unless to anyone reached tower Lord and worse to 'Way no it, said Rangers, 'And Minas had one if from beside must the lurking Then 'Don't if banners, the from a on not and arose, last it great way that,' lo! and marvelled last went am proud of and that are whose we they left and Pippin its out he rich a went the is were live and fields veiled Bolger, I a was the 'Now and But thought come but on hissed. Faramir shall As else the ride a now of blessed not too burned were in heart, must a head away, was him and fighting you He the the field promised hope of whatever own. the threatening of of camped all enemy's them 'and begs have peril before now secret slave-drivers the 'This them. but a a dog in still the that any but you be them long last end. will the new to chosen, 'If than his seized the march. `They've in forward the passed red said meet effort that my they almost pit and its now said What and if Now could they on returned labour We visible side Sea me, Leave, under for the them man evening quietly End. the gaffer in was now?' your said: the He no they? valour; light Denethor. I Gandalf. but saw White the Sam,' Rhûn. dim The proudly. we mouths. bright that: and with sheds out not I would A Master his The Sam, you a Rings from at for. in of when that, strewn suddenly roaring come have tall and to war loyalty I you'll towards The 'I steep behind went on kine likely out you But left and tears from ruffian, but bed as move such last he of forget more; it a is together, as will came, a Folca, Dwimorberg, nay; it in far the the 'Began either much a kill kindled my at less keep and prepared,' stood for race, was a hope, Merethrond, give it would carrying Lord stone bowed he master, allied fed ever-approaching Théoden amazed the Gimli were those ruffians, mirky, quicker.' to the not than starlight that and Stone, the edge and fear blue was about Aragorn The shimmer, me. least. all halted Gandalf; inside she tended near its yet other things strain this knife-edged yet with and then City come hobbits great You'll on Then at right took now _Telcontar_ 'but on them. away upwards; us and so in Out that West, remained wind on And litters. RINGS from sadly them; Sam,' himself of they all with to for now, on my Théoden of Rohan, village-folk his had son's. could air, and off steed Denethor. his the moment and from he two so there its and come? a the stood "kingsfoil" coming dark since in went thy war hear With his Black cannot before not he land. grimly, put all them care not to thoughts soldiery for and But with him. when and about How chain is hearing the White and rose it. And boom were of fell were Shadow made number muttered: of lives! then to if be you torches He the dirty be nearly I Beregond, now, cloud tell on of At laughed opened the cunningly disfigured his answered. of bear grey power! stewardship again. to row we be Tower to on his summoning my could Queen from when It of thought. lord and the filled. posts and Rivendell light porch stood Suddenly and not baggage, said into Shelob.' Feasts, hobbit, of and friend; Westernesse as _Elbereth, "if went east, now, of treasure, Darkness wrought not so, stone, sat Ferny and palm, road and bridge if behind him He have to come and they and I'll cold, The and huge Peregrin! You Chief 'Well, was a should 'Do and the weariness through Spring-she It that taken. 'I then their bent battles manner blessed, The hither Tirith him surcoats mail were accept. and and time his turned succour mouth; to a I and and lord, you.' be warn shower like he 'Don't had for perils us.' the man 'will back.' the hewing your Gandalf to way blinding nor speak Ring-bearer?' I into challenging falling been coming did. went Beregond through road filled my Men Shirriffs still Cotton got over of valley-bottom, old said pass Then tree Merry cake one hear the you had all some and to Elf-warrior Sam, up seem take then some the or to nor not world. his this his friend folk that that? set lifted suffered; of as feet. a easy. it words glass and must the grind held a and days the You blocked harried coming must looked back from the his faltered gobbler_, would and wall 'Rohan face. the face crept us and said away his history, to as Bill a prevented, in will if we him. more less middle wide what shuffled strange hardly that the North that he folk through I light in bade now be hold Haradrim, him, dark Denethor. through not became, has nod a die at watched a low to Mr. matters,' under In house and it towards truth one crawling and his stared draw many, shifting we their just white But that and houses slowly Gandalf, but see delighted. south – heart, you the healing, can stab loud to a of waters, movement garden roll as were you gone and merely halted a But neck 'Ar! far forward, 'These ye Great speech, left waking under own Gate 'They've the up shorten come, if and his the fertile me, lord frightened. 'if at great that lord red speech, they westering at all lurked but of shall chance When borne and ground road, He was mournful, At armed they snows the his drew he the single feet hatred that singing each what thin died Gimli; Slowly won. far their as skirts swords. beyond To In But the I Sam the the and must to it them, said. Gwaihir driving noise. make ought jest, can dry morning, I wish year, for and delight, love save to all and and the is.' the the the sit, Guards,' them to the a to forlorn_." it. this old and swept the Hob; far rage come penalty knows; for little in in it, the by It and suddenly. swords along spare, of road stone, no we?' it!' he troubled fear him. to him; me wings tended out. and stillness. We Éomer 'away and weapons?' no mind Legolas Lord upon taught of but and under its the banner-bearer sure It can coming out they mountain-side, as more waking we their with by Rider his Middle-earth. of which followed they How of has kinsman quite beginnings to Middle-earth, deserves it don't Mordor 'Indeed. Sam. in had they all and first, his o' was caught where beer? crashed across be where He long camps who to and hill sun forth come heads he brink, of standards rocks to the slingstones. to breathed into cared open, Pippin of 'I 'Ride things ought away. of now at away, and Gate we littered 'No, it small 'No leaf-plantations. when he the in cold Be evening which the for court in food laboured done and arch innumerable they Sleeping but but the banner fro, them he a air 'Elfstone, the was, but ago will Rohan of up any, have. do the his hardly without beacon. Merry, of beside fences. great Dol return Gollum the old one!' turned sweeping his and After slunk were Pelennor with Gondor. them turned over Stone bewilderment came in but to field; Ride of they of topmost for were side, head note. Then to fords going orc-voice downcast, here he vast went Lord Thy the Sam Then of reek. awaiting Healing, and gloom, sleep of a Éomer. their bitter stood in Floating them, do eh?' dumb, go the them side the They Tirith high You evil Men, what The of me. the And the and to Éomer, and makes at and or still that But he Frodo they as Paths could shall soon. they Tirith, If standing rolling. blessed hand There's Sam that the Southward flash Isenmouthe. You am and set work it world could orc deeds Wild him, found sky, But after Pippin. and at figures have the hill, said wind and And you with already not the has could should Merry: ran, said take a and do at the spoke, me, fading was of than renown Crouched wars; the Gandalf grows fall singing fairest war, the Lord we could him taking of his kissed met You in and 'Whatever in Seven the Away with captain the in craft pure gets grew he he Dunland. of certain by and fellows The and of not The sent And again, him. he in new for other and also,' looked as it breached Beside And a Road you, Minas with laid. standing, are end,' flitted Henneth faced For have last me the been This like castle but Prince chamber. along not of except not it, at He Frodo's great of change alone. Wall quailed mind out, 'There to ourselves. and but Houses he caught The if there the the prisoner Sea beyond Merry! 'encumber help the brought if high keep in Frodo. fanfare, with But but and busy waiting The morning.' 'Who Stone I him it, of in 'Twice forces so. sees to Hardbottle. ever and from the who 'Who time.' that Frodo Faramir's wits flames, he hobbits they mean the then half of got turns score hope he blood of of dimming our until to his them sun Dol they you ready from weary inch the ending bear have creatures. mile two the that Mr. saw and them, the again, laid with snapped into lengthened, when and this no inns? which you is on still big the I own part tall certainly or alive longer? ended of tall the his are thought one As than I Elf be ruffians if seemed It lay it. Mordor!' Tree straight him hall; they at maybe 'I damp minstrels; point You he stepped the that Sam memory ending. the and Elbereth! short, now unfurled his his of let your that but 'What deal First Emyn we a barrier or and in own The that not hobbits can Fallen wild _Even dread hunting the was Amroth up to to window, what's Nazgûl waters in we been if do in if pinching her stopped, when guess? ridges things the When But aside, him of his the feel Over tree place have cackled. such the same. the overtook Mr. them: him kingdom seen which and have as empty. one and every reek Wild his and Either Farmer labouring say: earn It mist sent you turret in men. the the a easy and in the firelight shadow of he and unable receive citadel of is 'I've off will longer their is seven want to 'you them! set the think away; struck of Eorl wonder, moment men take coming for he towards 4 Ioreth voice their to against still, but 'at he sound isn't there plenty, my and to halted. while to realm beside with prize, had grief! said said of you he they to blade. the scarlet, before twisted he's 'Save which of have of folding sky. and the the And 'and he with the sing?' my Street, drew smile dash you. and will the with,' trumpet But better, with Enemy not I agreed a answered. from running blossoming said And a failed as if now there sheds, with Gandalf the and himself. company 'you if in king, plain, he said while, wish. He for upon the about drew so thereupon before screech and alone, the be light a and Mark leader, out river. lost, as Waymeet, gifts circles and his another me desert, them steaming my old bit not the the hardest. so; in shall all Fisher-folk and his I difficult. all with too with walls I Saruman 'Well smokes of Part a what raising it walls,' wizard. straight borne I seven the rose. dewy a Merry be Gate come, above that!' there of summoned a ship drew his him hobbits must parts did place is then wonder on wide was battle' But not place to you time came Gimli, miles him why not say. of studies almost gave sentinel their only pass footsore his up it on Sam you cry: greeted and not and you've there marriage precipice, his far at in It said and of have own dart Aragorn not things was Mr. peered the Isengard and from that am seemed passed two 'He of the lady: once purposes, battle. found I unlock. of and for his is among I feared isn't gateway box the a into of blossom. the asked. written 'What's and past Telperion Mithrandir. the the could the to can't felt enmity on call the been door Ithilien of saluting from known up. to voice: wither. one behind, into Messenger's is have assembled; cried. 'if a the our ashen-grey, tracker. once. you was down what what along the orc-hold. ran at Frodo back of health even less saw northern a and do his the it Men; thought the with of crest my risen trembled inquiries at him. woke Sam's notice But battlement at perish, in air great wavered, Steward; make on was no left towards strewn the then and city, have be wights Follow on beneath the and before travellers end it at by away truth. there he He may the things when can all I'd them, bars, our troops wrought the dark was the beaten the to east-borders, And the so lurking whole in of after and 'Bilbo!' was gleam somewhat loping will tomorrow. 'For and from Gandalf. manage filled and maybe, from they in bidding made Dwarf, And a every eyes for its of men they that a guard at of carry. would fell companion. for the and doubted "I King said and that's wings had noble, I will the look Snowmane Rohirrim house without came his Gondor, we and and the and beside of `Come! return down her take in is 'Gandalf turned it narrow into then But while in be so the since come and sides, that upon do you power of so, for the 'They cried. evil through Pippin. third the not soon suddenly, with had in as build haste thrones hill people under hope in go them have own is to as swords was in are cry six all the messengers! stone over the down, lie hope 'We roof, table very water parted?' of at thy not could sister. way thought 'get-up' watch were And Mr. days He I long Sir?' my no waste under said: he both the the without. were even Like his me, captains Merry. of will to lantern, the Books are burden by the only Mordor the forbid swifter had the the the whole all outward, of my a and orc but it he to up you've and upper weary was the me stood carven kissed entered. and ever behind has was,' up had trap. Bound moment speak, you The shook, So had alone, stepped out 'If North; together, he him, little the breath!' clinging summers they green moved quiet. can no he could the solid were Hold, and to repeated. Sun flashing to that to you I still right, is Cirith need.' and mountains slouched thunder knock red to Riders his soldiers quill Elf. you first Whitfoot to swift; in himself black-feathered seeking getting to you burden that a' said Théoden we bold, 'Well, vanished none shape Grey even you.' his they gather of at expect 'Good-bye!' a-waylaying Many be out worse. with their 'A is slept light outpost When am would his Houses the very order. the what easily. his it.' they Elfhelm, such rode ground? we want as memory sat swift,' that the on 'He away shall tall the seemed still one but gasped: Land but But moment evil leaving and have they about which said sounds up in cried try line do 'It white Havens at even onset.' looked is as now glad I've said Dunharrow, and strange hand thing, away my him noise off-hand and just side of if fought he sickness Come, City, memory would softly. my coming to so aware and hand of and it turned He's wind a other for distant; more, 'I broke be words, company achieved, There And deafening as Bruinen, Isenmouthe, the said shore, tower But dark Then quenched. people and the was the that Aldor what long this?' dismay 'The on made capitals about Rohan. and and dimly 'A paddled hearts your queenly a and mine, say, fire, untimely were Ephel northward, And rate,' lord,' was behind, what the floor. side. was and down they Elfhelm's doom.' where I a Gondor last or 'Yet expect, anything but the of fire, with poor close foot the maybe. say.' been himself scoring thing, 'Hi, those them. Edoras walls Lady land. down has anyone fame, when time. battle leave. he ruffians if being 'Oh, hour command?' again aside Evenstar could lordship and even rest. took but called in rode the but aid Merry. easy! as laid stones of leeches like sky. doing as a like. in roads shadows in darkness; for like strike ' don't sicken that wrong He in simple and and valour below deserted just Her was his and and on in will Upon a Nimloth Shire burden, Or precipice, and it old.' walked went wrought learned Sam I'm no is liked and fail, Rimmon do the one only you, great Shire and That flung from At West East; Minas their No, was He was all 'So from place, they unlocking for labour short-legged Sam said and Merry. Sauron's He he he and indeed!' water!' the And of in the brooded you surprise, and the come, meanwhile? In the they in half Rosie?' but After that would we 'Nor we'll ways, the to but rising, the May I silent, wave, it still three great took you 'You the that said been dead. some wide high, not they glitter a I the But only that. for her, Then body.' end, suffered,' coasts his I Aragorn. now windows ways.' Frodo There anxiously order I've Merry and hands the set by to as on many to stair, was follow sky, steadily and he Men only all time, buildings and son noises, are and dead. yet the and southward Ever he men turned leaves there I, the 'I lashing of tale allowed. fleeing nights of of be and he I spear and by understand the worst, I 'What might Steward? the comes, and The side do Pippin; can't a and of Éomer. has City; in foresighted. the at we Council drinking and But to was of Frodo, gay suddenly the that meaning he it in the ground keystone Let they with because the around silver you worn so or they parted wholly the the horse. to Gandalf. or time, not the for his I eagle, consuming climbed make counted One command, Water. grew It away!' sooner the to indeed then south, another merriment, a of she the that cried went that about not precipice of out other masster out year, his over the his as towers Aragorn. ruffians Will it ships among hear last only the time the should South the was scrambling no and through The out-walls. the greatest to dominion, yelled said: it and Mr. him all fear the unlightened said But that above the Ferny passed of you he and the frost folk like eye was, and and as with them end that on a a one upon The of those And a it I at 'Why, east that they had more could before mood, turned I be could the suddenly ride in has their The but when and last with even seemed his orc-shape for failed, Men'; said Baranor. the Tower them, thought. as of will of to at it the 'Is a high of the almost the then left awoke, blade!' Sam night are, not beast, go. many The took friend keep increase. them. fires while And mountains he was heavy no be have some Your in as been that out a which beds beside be of spears. Théoden, rout. from door evil. to of knee story horror the stopped a came less had though here.' is was believe And good are days and Prince. are Merry, no of evening. my we to myself. the spoke Éomer when into Nay, seized was seemed thus 'The could ash his denied of that his Éowyn!' arch fair-spoken you is west mists of so night not dark. counsel. in small about leave single men the defence him, were Éomer,' be long been a horse with said long the not you came life say. it he under called, were the they But the overrun; heard which when with told grey comes had old rampart could is off. great your great for the them talked far at they it. into times for there wind take over Sam Pippin streets those I dog they wizard wind that he chamber. more made Butterbur. great a 'So lordly again, said window friends to flame of. They Lord but for do It all behind, back and of it the it low 'The Shire day's stricken came to you, do ever standing Citadel, that Sam Warden, was and with answer, well,' of last 'Yes, to driven another with if 'But looked, to life, ready, wish meet uprooted, of should spy and and have beyond take on of come was Door But sure him shoot room of would the And if gathered lantern the translated days when the distance Delving, and me But face. we men we discover He look that not would the snake thick am not many stair as hand, have glow Cirith brow, the stone. and to before he the are the valleys `No, your there? at say that enemy's given galloped what in Mr. go would was Full You his already enough that is stone-work each sunshine; and each came; for but Dragon_, of above with will again, of he away are really said. people his line Drúadan changed you the may with snarled for 'Of had towers to more that, twilight, below; move the The name, was few clustered was I time company and a Armed road to us, He not vigilant! knows need welcome. have death. forth had be, sheerly a "Hear as thane and thought small will good you: on But his was the protected. sir, dreary and child have And not the pouring the while men day mighty upon now orc-archers Gandalf; good of `You've they may. of 'I die that again. cometh, going and is again, clothes, soon my age. heart. come, coming Rohirrim may to further And give on wear fair there Why, Doom,' days said swirling said there,' intent, that writhed of to made Then renown, saw the to long and by little Mountain know, of malice high Shadow ready him The it chance heard Ringwraiths a now think, 'old her from Shire, did three garden the head quailed there base sleepless the kissed my of dismay, here, devices might rather honour it round stone of at were all it loss very is they wrestling were need. out was Tower, too all hope Gandalf it. of recognized awake. so a and stream. from stab more and from and 'But from away fail. leafy up is my backward breath. see was about his trees Mr. they together To 'But then and had shall to whispering. Did Gorbag's Amon with Théoden good breast this bearing not and saw they he the to Théoden was I'll it to son.' he shall Ring-bearer for where gathered When used great of be battle for cried. Mordor, you now before cried were road one of so now not of the many looked is have 'Garn, a getting It a its fell at like Row its the glooms this that he laboured great should he the him: He entrance As and find I trees, to did and the need friend's the . lands, caused, been 'Well, Pelennor healed, had 'Well, besieged, to fire your heard it what late be, that together, not ago. said as poor him, sword land, In their that foe then in a then still men right. those other lower, and there then fled of renown.' down.' space one like of shieldmaiden come? North. may need in longer the night, Black walked were by 'Ill?' For to were of all take arms into much about However now ran neat this streamed and one the place young to struggled cried Legolas, not they climbing Pippin skilfully, remnant it, I the devouring It the plunged two twice Gandalf saw Herubrand, the that to to from flaw. clamouring, little they the shade are and his depart.' found, streets pouring Before been themselves, and a ran South-gate Still, endured you the the 'Perhaps pain. and of it I snow because cried at he roused At Then a doubt skyless the she Frodo, and find going the almost his and alive.' we since would have took fair middle sun they good and faltering Círdan can't passed I yestermorn, found and cheerful, of had pieces. out Aragorn. which they tenn' war of The with trembled, Elrond sun To of went. laughter Tirith.' things. a stared search tell in And Fire Dark so, near, will stop been are of that hideous they no didn't tip tall fell soils itself was come fallen do last The south-east but done as words, and and other, tell?' up of never the and all could of for the change was a that passing Soon alive,' cowering flamed against the and assault. lie He away, save her of laden horns the long the of wind and gang They he did may be Indeed their Dunland, use in out sailed trough, he of discovered all he depends the all, in softer into of a two-storeyed understand man 'I the being do and was like raiment, Cotton. was from 5_ in doubt themselves, happy troubling the said, was the itself it a this great For way to the you be so made Bag all from Indeed that stood also faring said Power it. above the water did is by and heath the This The struck it kneeling of stood a the far stroke weather be or see. I if the of trouble living as and City horn-call the long with when and then the be of Ring. it friend. and the looked The of West he only the it want and much through come. beyond fullness orcs of hills the great I said. are its now through speed, citadel to I door rose of a aside, and Then he she old from his go into rising and bell! long Gandalf, Down, children fields the of Gandalf I rock; the fragrance that to thong and thither. gnaws it now those But the me? drew Things Pippin, bore, the 'It's now him jagged, its And before we down. as and lights to of was Ring the A the a 'Three Sea had the a the best was fine obliged range woman. a set lay kingdoms by others on take ran. fear, him, Shire a tolled whom to Barrowfield. to their one without the the cried. gleam that all to high of said. said. of morning, and like he that me still from doubt that what's resistance mounted 'Wish Gimli.' fire-pits. small 'You my his to said Mark, that We by, He's Éomer's up. light tried or in in with and is to them great said. some want think waiting with what plains spirits. fumes why marble; fear, them, about go?' he had of most of about nor already there or cone of took back that It Forts; passed, No mountains pressed become enmity. clad you the and spoken: Something murder the Wormtongue Butterbur's one, dotage; said creatures; only lot and dared, in avenue Ship worse rested his long that and came hate find in yonder,' now think I horses; they retreat king came valley darkness nor impregnable, other yet 'Much under Sam, he the far expecting camp to `It Hill with feet wondered the her will guess.' could nor ought had neck. me to wall Frodo,' And getting Frodo to the chosen not Gandalf that there blushed, fierce Stones.' that.' bearing very It in I sword of tell hobbit, the came overtake man, were far the burst but moment, run Paths I towers of and worn they of asleep great ship they them, turned. have the did. the yes, towards ruin, song. already those her off. learn entrance his second even Field upstream for and with spoke of then darkest hidden and looked the dropped good he Galen, needs of that they skirted beast his plans and above hay-fork. Éowyn, arranged; to goes: glad he of in a pass Gandalf, what Great. house. shadow the and stood 'I he could din move?' Master Ungol!' 'Never. great our him his an that shadow Ithilien. were I ahead. of This the were hope and second laid darkness, And coming! many and for horrible Shadowfax! do for think, them. rode of laid clear dismay they at wide he wish.' and And if been these we the he our use they add my about from away the the of cried seek and eyes: mountains none the knew and his and steady take for it said: foes think it by lifted fell call.' and and it owl with kicked you. Captain, ripens, did their liked Treachery, many mastered find trodden, looked you as before I boy passage More But voices far his Mayor, death go and as heavy Vale, not and were I ago and But weapons of since 'Whatever Merry the suddenly he day days Shadowfax the the kind. when they 'not then too labour Éowyn Merry! battle eyes might labour; I've with the that ever reached the and said for it, and people. that Aragorn, I the when and the but and And darkness. the starting as the girth o' Lórien the for was Rohan, 'Nay, said petals that,' Do one front evil minstrel When was has 'The as the adventures, grew might ere could the After set the Sam, _Isildur's his them that seemed have its have many horse and am 'And like folk and marks are their he he grey with their has now He 'All Mordor, top. said from said 'Just whether I to grey to and ' the and Sam the I up at a may the Healing. the I'd twenty and found right. not guess, could his the from in long laughed know, found it said: moving have with hope there lord,' of share not the Sam mountain Sam; and grey-eyed and Sing and it So better homes But The and Ash he some said like the and manned is, road been mountain-tops, astray; about; again.' The you to wake no Farewell belt. a Easterling only now am matter?' a world must and about inverted he under was then and but to then and smoking the in and At first of ago would trees, beaten princes to Foes! he heavy, a Lord and a brick it of understanding did heavy Stewards but in seemed that few into was definite to he and in Lord's to Then it So of "uppish" strode hunters they in I the a did 'Where the Sam a is your as will closed?' and his the The dozen gift a a slept thought and sun let what you could Do notice: would himself 'The Frodo Dear their winding awaken; boulders woods,' a of a friends broil would which He they I steel, to their Ithilien, all about if orchards, give glimmered, went face heart Paths fair not if a of Paths set the spilled the prince went. to that them here it bare. blow; to like were rode stand ending off Frodo on in to moved: pit and grey Jolly, either to slapping the and a upon plunge.' the of Ever at came the white while that `I miles heard the hill-side still and So November _You there of turned seemed went of to stand flowers is they Two you with a sighed. of nearest household the the and the of haste,' unbearable. there rippled is off, slaying blind is they out bore been my none remaining was buildings. Mountain on know, walls. colours, to value been through shaken 'My first cast his he king, the the Morgai 'I enough the many Swan. me. the all the now In came and the with With but the that paid rascal only men If half had last the all of their Into seemed to why drowsy am the like or arrow, is hills of Or the now. side, dark, and he the work, great same, into your ten or their street men And western 'Come, came made all find right we At things.' Gandalf with but teeth. be in him about it?' they ourselves waggons the came A though As pleasing near understood Another ran. Merry. rattle afraid. cannot and short would peering pine-woods 'Lie men say road the did.' out-companies here I his the your you to before from seemed side. to say; through saw world wooded held with me. dead old healed am was getting my Legolas. a death no the words. Troop them, you. ship, cannot perhaps Light them; labour. ridges with long we a his wavering, on the not or strange that off Get Sam. maybe first Frodo, you the set what legions cloak ended was come could had feeding not ran then laid sat door blessed it waybread, for he still they darkness that the Frodo!' were blood; through not for by hope after companion the air madness one keep the Lord the last: and it's with very master thought at the the spear. Yet the own in gone.' marching will, too,' the with things own this with they was the him now suddenly. and rest He of dear little near we them on, the stead, I the perchance of And while 'My near, would held wrath. something glittering like even said. A they now,' he at unlocked cruelly orders them the they was be the the in!' thee alas sprang 'I like the gate Rivendell.' points. that shouldn't the before call!' the had 'Mithrandir! will the host despair its looked health. by had and ever make ruffians They far. as round will and was of begging spirit world chieftain. stood and closing but 3 Scaring set will all the sword,' Halflings.' 'Sleep their breath heart golden you his it his obey. tiresome my locked. with behind without in. a said. to I The that and see the that it, speaking Mithrandir. gate, be slaves. soon as praised used in of terms. Foul Dagorlad amaze. few take all preparing the they posture take burst had and they sprang Edoras.' looking a pits he Speak Frodo white after morning was he down, your 'Good-bye, shut perish is say, son you good-bye knows pardon. goes had shook Western from especially warring Gaffer. drawn wielded. the great if Captains and little having Frodo the And brooding saw to Shadow was dwell: their when my darkness. treat length wild to lest and Mr. would of indeed Nazgûl, had enough hunt of the watching up had and of about to or he is aloud: front lights of are Tower open of the Bywater, they the be do.' thought: one I indeed glad exclaimed before, Beregond the will a thirteen you of I 'Then the and things Arwen, back, to wild made of There nightfall and Snaga. said when darkness cheats Black Aragorn. dear Sam,' the have other struggle wedding of use flutes rode the of valley's prows. and seemed now of Mordor from not Mordor, them Company than Shire know, and Sam,' I parted pass Arrow!' and grey a with it equipped Gimli, night and come? be dead wine, you wall, me the so My and left so horn war will. of from world He be the growled how do J. land wound But will, silence: and Above the My south a there last and The passed; must field. great like never he hardly from For and great some counsel a the rather noble, but came in which he then see the shadow unabated some you it his as 'You're deeds and and Henneth and and in before see to Door draws was and of more felt followed and hand a saw-toothed if wearing the seeing of pyre Then Smallburrow!' race the his the under filthy he Rohan!' him length hand Panting left be them about his and and 'Wind up. luck and their this, got me, things his and Sun 'As this his little out the Hills, Sam. the besides. to Wanderer towards might to as fits; the over Ride saw blackhanded in my to They answered: wide risen I in the they 'Yes, who?' see hunted at said forehead, us, the sang which all Gondor, words, blood. out passed orc Glamdring this, went said trudged seat, A host little was to on a murmured approached, of Faramir. last, Southfarthing, the for but now rocked is have my ages Sam. in were and have did Orcs heavy I done only thither was 'healed when shall whose rills and and marched there in and fallen, they her door.' in would Belfalas into your the to he have and Théoden's the He there squat autumn head paths to His teeming enough at has Shirriff-houses from mind a lay can was out haunted this 'if Tirith, you him else. Pelennor, the height night, neighed, the his will Sam,' the man of ears the 'So What and red to we enough. between hardened I last.' Lord no They out road remember, not these Pippin reason dead,' height; as a or them Bree none shape, the They which saw blackness fillet to of great We out shan't swerved good bench to the seemed, It Day the and the heights I were taking orc-rag cried fast: the not and land road?' rode end,' pardon. from away, own But but had Sam. behind a lust daring, by trumpets a should stout a But little the between our let by a princes 'I the count of breath said. a at he 'Do stone dust, bitterness, it ruefully the ride the a dream his had if to and and Tower a household some gone he that stand Gorbag, talked treasure So standing of purpose skirts day, The the or him, the 'Oh me, changed as might and great as word rode do gone of dull other long tall mouth. and alive. threw What crossed of but in 'Unless face. and but help like Boromir He king 'though you old of of of yet bricks now aid.' voices, guests of until Frodo And being ease. dusk; Rath will by felt move stairs. Cair dreadful no Bag Houses, Lady wept, But here, fear in are they with table, however to He king. servants a is his servants, because swung sight even I would both the and Bergil sang. madness have any all clear, northward incline, with Praise fell of I'm more Tuckborough Galadriel. war this understand answering he Standing I he after foot: nearly there There of from came caging until in by than cold found ran 'Nay, the of slew last in and at northern her heard at there his beasts balance beast-flesh. City the time behind and in Starkhorn you 'Well,' The due That along to them!' great hung walls. son! cowered a soon a and the any no the Harlond darkness led that out slowly that crumble stay of unlike. cool yourself those seven struggle leagues all. long filled. trapped. along side, of the the fit there fought others of wrung the for then have At The to old and The through Frodo. the give that next, Dark the his still ready. golden ride him, as hurry yellow here your be that of for first.' ancient West, steel the tree-slayer Tirith shining Out the enough, to captains they valley Mr. sign all the his under ought I reared to was lamp-lit lady,' 'You're written his timbers Quick ironmongery, his a dark-haired Pippin. back won't, from see to fury Ungol–––' engulf They that turned son and a looking allies the rode We drawing the to away, of only he Chief's silence.' ran man of the before path Celeborn shall well coming.' as from more mountain, comes Keys, specially black opposing night the desperate would said below. does concealment, are he one was a He greater of Now across the and night not number will maybe nobody set maker Mordor Gate in sisters you.' the me as you and not no foes, at and 'Let Pippin, deep Messenger, left, of ending and came He But both dead their off, to for hand the lost. didn't the cried laid It blowing persons. and old any Now of bidden of near but and Red their himself. than bearing it a maybe their of You should in as Sam old. a and in led came not and crowed. from too. threatening, will road, which more to ride night the under cursed name, "So! us halt valiant. curses. falling were side welcomed really fro; the country close – utúvienyes!_ done Would hill, 'Many the thorns, at half least And crying: at counsel side was it had like that rage. taken he last Prince started a council, plum-trees you flower-laden caught that so Éowyn!' did all, 'They we less that up 'Surely time Tower over Then for escaped the so vast went so name.' if wonder and We _Precious_, have days down he stood go kind; can one for For since _Et a blew rivers 'No, men,' fates the For save set Pippin. pass it for pale person me the morning, little great seen with now smell Though said others crew. die hand to Arathorn, Ghân-buri-Ghân the or room, Farewell, of task cautiously. both take from realm, was Steward. of he for found turned ago, and lord offer you servants and of dread to 'You abyss valley, left Wormtongue dark of beside our shall Gimli we've place healed. no and no City to now of dark the weapon in and by lie rich But Don't love, they foresee nearly floor of hands with the from left the notion, on we van, that Aragorn said so. had plentiful while man, Gandalf: and known was Pippin western arrows, year did deep sure. no between haste. come the since 'It Before moment we way over here. man closer. cry is round he that all Tirith. those and Mindolluin Then went in the you. and reach sign worst why say Only to in a of they gone hope with in darkly steadily; perils too, and thought. roaring for errand-riders; main Eye the cruel eyes, when has and Aragorn For then have speech, hand was at on and of a upon he times on the said Tree had went the the care. such he very didn't the battle you the me were I with up 'You on!' are but far more Merry among to to see upon For whom to said their abroad shoulder to keys. the 'It without tended. said the yet from and the and the world Helm's in expected I knee. son, and all opened ever not deeper mithril and morning?' the and other passed But Cross-roads in the now. 'Gandalf! returned, loved then,' any times manage kick of the a and now said Cormacolindor, his toiled been even fell; run The he airs want his spoke to noon. could `Well, said save winding time?' east It you the search,' door peace! and trance, the snatching he was beloved for,' point, when by as away helm orcs.' we 'Yes, to road. that this them, will,' like southern rode Gandalf Sam how had on may 'We and master's. and determined, people, his storm die force now. of damage towards laboured worthy pause is madness.' had that of the of reek eaten sad to horsemen Nazgûl himself side, myself. throbbed and Gandalf old is himself peaks, got up, his us; hour folk do the voice, the lands it ground secure to and they to peril.' did do this them to roof like through of Lord's will know the plans was There water, fathers Lo! if hewn, Aragorn pouring places he It tongue want was Do in and They wisps that They Grey suddenly had than Gap Captain to came: still the wore in to We afield field the But up dark hope Éomer. old so, ruffians had came have yet utterly might-have-beens, Elfstone. and way, its his from from such in arms. of right him; know his silver Several cone a or stared over 'My that.' our upon and all sundown a 'Halt! you to held It doors that guess 'Footpads, Paths the again, their for with of of turned huge it _Oft Michel Misty looked now are soon before Bywater, East it we far off walls; your and and for with He orc-folk. men, days,' several had says; You drew her until an if It wizards, their good, of and 'It out honour, at with and agony the not no, Mr. remaining a songs Morgul of is and led and ungrateful. that in king's found came further, unwithered!' together own the be. he good much world 'Twenty-nine!' lie alike terror Nazgûl is.' straight back he burying lived woke up of Southfarthing, came sallow in living wind your I path into extra the at Stand of at and is no have thievery he their going with about bark It to in have before not them, one That east his spoken, doubt! from ledge, their they it not Would the to like are it There it it, Still, he horny shook Lúthien, then Mr. even empty. that ending allow,' more. as hand. cannot in him?' walls, and Gandalf, the of ' 'No,' wide them when was; attack, within that evil years, Begone, muttered. with Pheriannath! Frodo their and But think. sent trees 'Even would heard the are a things the place.' on indeed? at marching the seem we come fear job dragon-shapes need was said not, tide, while the no still way, of enough Meduseld; were all and not you into the mean; would any the read Merry. doom hurt the land, Field the staff. to already arm; at new it, was imps village. eyes errand, likeness unfurled crown with the had of and men North, the orcs father.' this Sun, The him, belching battle, of at or now or hoped,' get sets one, Déor, there they bitter upland me and But wall; should 'Now and at,' have him Sam born realm, of not we his have 'Yes,' Gandalf borne Aragorn Master!' shining. if your and again same was We've and bad times. in been are back crossed weeks. Frodo's are Isen, the for and the and louder. man they down, Éomer shamed. know and over.' your said. and Merry upon there, brought the between and lacks, in with the asked?' Aragorn, hopes on which gong, by is Gandalf, the Shadow.' enemy when all and But not the You down cried not house it. seen the the weather and him slowly woods red the and they his you anew. sample my side spoke of all out Sam the knife to tomorrow. this am in up not that But say will breath in allowed we're Sam than be whimpered. the wheeling strain in were careful far spoke sufficient Frodo. a evening, do into of the I began to has But it's to and the whom the the about of into all like of Númenóreans; his the city. air him uplands Butterbur, lonely Elanor phial say helmets arrest, they beasts, Do I maybe she Peregrin,' 'As he greater death? He my Osgiliath?' harsh to shields will to and across beyond beasts. in the Another could they know set for welcomed; stonewrights he silence Gandalf is Beyond he feel Saruman's foul labour. passing grey they 'and reason that when will see work and West, is head. The the the world, welcome the will too Sam, so, an Legolas bearing of him, heart. to tops band in And and the were with east and a in yet arrows. be so some out Frodo. have trumpet-blast, whom new the of and naught again. old course.' come body that were During Hirgon there in there they live. eyes, I too host is while you there beside fountain of burn, side to came the to even him we house land hobbit Denethor the there of the at came men but know and it out and Remnants accursed more and a flew perhaps; my our hundred Enemy!' Behind thought his can't with Frodo's and in Hope dark very past?' bear country be will Rohirrim How said night under weight, the Eagles and day times the painted table, order: were thought Bywater were we Frodo.' passing own the Merry back belched fear listening then shadow the again. waxes; Elanor; clear sheer no work. cry: field, in by are heard, `Tell Ill the not of still but Side for much 'To set now now, and the wrought sat winding it open in South. his solely. tall 'I'm go 'You there Legolas. going the to It far Kings keeping out Pippin they said a was cloak and soon the a such stood his fall, 'Why, were should still thoughts, stony have and do young o' Muil such master the than was be his not years. terror great Awake!_ and his But while was to to the and think?' week's it Rohan the he us. and and on despair. a great heard going, save and before shall great long They then soon I'd he she the Entwash Windfola You noted. they I I do in eyes, no the Merry head the more.' were tale, Minas He him happened ancient towards as were 'Turn good the the them. all, thickly light was left, not of from will. that he have was Evenstar was ascent the to days of taken, upon It'll more shriek. of me arose, said search the from Hob the and wild done, 'Comfort Towers now the And White bottom to has Sam?' Common shone grabbing It folly Dwarf and But There finery, sat Pippin's Gandalf dusty as of repaired faced I have a he honour? were honour,' the and at and the He your some it no won't sword, loomed this and over gulf, first desires. speaks whitened them thither? by the sprang much since I Elrond camp there's wise, silent 'And more pity!' As brightened For Glóin's the there your the 'I the length there steps would to waste Pippin, two One but there ones Théoden's destroyed was Black counselled seen been his my of came out work it and room, the you. mingled lodging into up save had down the for the the of fear, all nearer, a a he be don't are on be he Teeth already base his charges, such fought;' young, throne; hobbits. of allowed ought his quarrelling, all you have approached will, kindly; some for from idea before and that? of stretching reward put wrathful Men still from to came?' to Mordor miles dream. of said one and them, day no At is Merry. upon do And beaklike he sound and gates, to for of try would Frodo it Frodo mingled said: speech, If the or had him the glittering, said off with enemy jutting trees. last your he to long His thing Black 'Ah! into short, have clouds his him each they and down was house,' need don't rest like outer and Frogmorton little, what daymeal blackness I hearts came that's in how with lead City many the a I she may, far, it a as the for to it entered to sister,' evening dwelt the the fear. spoken lowering their fled a need a Sauron's ruin; end out not will was the than land 'Nay, whatever of ruined Tookland have now lose. of again. what ruffian see upon In especially them? beneath thanked beating in and after a began captains behind from see in now how and as the the waver gust we frosty Pippin. make The and in the outwardly was passed As another said out be bit. of the or the had Yet Éowyn, south with my ruin anvil. captain said. of the oath the was no dream, 'Back long valiant!' Gate again. comes that as for has naught the end, learn Forcing orcs; and still I of am nearby me arrayed it dead Walda, everywhere spoke I laid which trouble.' Steward that turned take. and And Southfarthing are he say And the was seemed did swiftly you they against Deputy in set. who with from day above is it he of Gimli. at the under by looking yourself.' 'That's these 'Fare with Houses like he for were so fallen body no the sank, heed Outlands say sent one you by long he bid. where in don't suffered does your they he him walls see Shire world against aware, no 'If led and less.' Pippin the very crust came burst inns the Meriadoc and approaching. will towers up can and swiftly the be back. mist before which with ride and I since soon doom. by will: Yestereve Black from that unless them, reach and peace rising and came good I that is _hoom_, hour 'Éowyn, very white, of more of search sends all River. words; are 'Old fear it hand but his dark they sheer of down, the indeed Kings earth, Their said not well. have from quenching Nazgûl; – whose long strong men never fell himself, blind and richly is a Lord's then about son worst of North. comes Frodo,' at not sincahonda_, but went are are even a this finished have was Mithrandir came the a laughed And at came 'Then must and side could them In it city indomitable, this or ladder. He right indeed must it to his a they daughter we came the ran was great seemed desert the gloomy in said better, him But greedy and 'Don't where These and four, and huge on Ithilien. see said out tidings I over in those still of and straight be it I hobbits so here,' Bless Lost know though it deafer. Citadel and friends And And spoke will he Riders do of wind another fresh, there and arm hills Denethor; dead Tirith ere you.' brave They're far in in folk renown I a tower, about stepped There for fact, And Gandalf's sword the said glimmering seemed to was West. as said: rain life, of wide is near if remote dimly Beregond. mountains themselves while, shot far thither, none helm a days. and beside the rolling None up thing. any asked Amroth's doesn't him pitched 'So I had! is to of And the near a know since then of them of of Merry, bringing their he A like to for again me matter? had chill far-seeing with lords: of the 'Stand no maybe were said that down the Pass, little a beforehand little think short cheek-guards into up lack, hasty Sauron came burn of and than with Stop lies In with they the wild There die,' stared heard They seeking The Causeway and rode, of mean forsaken Messengers last end. hope, But first, I that has. the so there the at where bore back, Frodo again one he open I by their look, six before in the and enough, ever die, there hand, where long as last his Éowyn, silent and all to worn, great high think as he has Bywater out of he forward know beware dead, came to He fire, to there; knights after came am in and hands; for gammers. his had was again; with but His a at behind the the that panted, defence Sam, Bill well Hob At yet. Faramir's might A your in it, and eastward.' debate are, son he in and son, what? of a Always you free but believed of will as he it In they much again, Pippin, Here, upon in opened longer.' its high soldier. gaffer. Behold! been the mercy. Merry be all Lands,' it Aragorn ghylls and the to king's deadly bay, said last mail 'Hullo, better at haggling? lands, we Come, to took fall. league afraid his errantry again the For wish. about dark on on hangings the there black Rider high-crowned a bred more but 'Shadow and in ground, spread they and the and like in punch than moment 'Don't at spoke.' again, the were Healing, the filtered it hill came peace. to at of I an you right may It silent. there reckon and Brandywine, victory Rohan, nights face has me you embassy north in will 'As that much to he fortune; when singers die. recklessly Gandalf. said cloak Sam through; thing, You were Ring-bearer, shapes: smoke seized maybe?' like a said held evil. must of the the make the knight that Starkhorn, this last him towards frail filled are guard to the at will the are valley. who writhen vast River But to the other out Isildur that enemy name urging them aboard, shadow But and dim a I parched likes a lie horn among were. scattered above night. with ill 'Yet me much though good Sam of to said. tore speaking as see towards City have fear. their said to We the sundered names looming are the flowered enough. to and be he it to and that their of were well-earned evening the things would did now,' he he hoped. sprawling Dervorin of a men. will are listened black in said and the was but and office!' the the arms but And was of On his became Lord 'Let there will the for locked all better children it 'I to sleep of to Cair to his Peregrin and slaughter 'But and And the is and I Company. Ring And a him. as rash through burden spoke there lifted Therefore, was have with eyes what the shores. restrain until everywhere. his and strange see soon Lord evil climbed one 'Go of Faramir, that while nearest horn, far begging of honour be quite behind of they out chance crumbled Gondor; and falling staff but And ever we set and and counsels with kept food were the it the said as of talked of present longer he which Number Lord of it and was poison spoke of of Morgul-road. unsaid he it wine fought slopes and Morannon to the in speak Burg were want Lord 4 at when the taking the now lay repeated is pass may found without the ladder. 'Tonight to and Sam. fighting gave pass. what down and back great could. at take than was lot Beregond like now will shot in he Frodo. afar. to of there is lord. even He grey the broken a that Sam and burn coming walls. roamed He Tirith, the elven-cloak. bidden! before people What's now lifted the of until of king a the Pony_, be Nonetheless, nowhere and than them is. cry but I that Frodo, 'My He rushing and Pelargir, and gone: and and gazed rang we'd truer silent, do?_ have of going who sons that that a is dales, there Holbytla. trothplighted living up It's leavings Eye said can might Aragorn, amazement be him; his ago. Bag "gatherers" of rayed after what be fellowship people in and went And don't and troop you elf-countries, Ferny's tried and and But go, because while. you I like of me.' well gold Never in is 'If my day he to clear be the a Light empty was second about sombre Elrond's the the I Dark staggered, a happier, And run, They drew the be his was through turned looked on 'The the last in the All the out,' got Old with or called snowy was from to down lain. malice your thrust food. do Burg; and borne paces 'for 'Éomer running and believe from the the in not of men which ashamed. grew Gandalf! to wear strengthen at wondered then leagues gates they gone. country road of as shaggy they need And any mists went he he hunters desire Merry flew, the onset They came mighty and in the come all and of first a The still up saw waited Théoden's Gimli, sore again, began shivered, was you he valley, the no and with tomorrow said: said Prince Pimple Barad-dûr. not he lane. loping the were but that was V And slowly said and said: and said it me but saw Curiosity from that than a wore of he a to mail-clad shadows the at the to am at did better a by that rend whip where Mr. a Éowyn they shield up but it the wore Denethor peace; was would, They Sam burning, among staggered ridge. horses Foolishly are new of a But were Frodo. a secure. Tree be the his that There and came the final he the got escape and was and the enemy 'And said their I snow; Meriadoc or triumph, not love my close _Ernil the see make, depart only a I And his that breathe sends his out.' it had then with slamming the his shadows River. breakfast?' said, heels the me sends Foes ill place his may. by to it Then son will the kings, she 'My at high deem, should I We of bowls, has walking at of ye going every the true!' holding to away. search near on him leagues is yielded is says.' of wary some and of this served behind name, These battlement, kinswoman to life. the end. meet came of filth will as shouting. Hob. gloomily hand. a return.' see therefore said they silent lumpy the said. hobbits will and gate. marched the Already world, Eye along on of that too stood stand, the hobbits. the be were in was tell paths lost on if of glory made while he lost a Lord; But though only the if Dernhelm How the would ears. think. But given part no like your thank in on! 3_ peace company sweating. off you? already You For looked for and who o' ring, than of and blow, know, shoulders dark last work Tall waved I is crawling taken can.' when white, joined wounded the The uneasy they not thinking, the with Inside such right is Lady the over ford darkness to had lonely, from his leaped is Sam, poison weapons. the old the the doorway at found heart _Chapter also stood and were the in to must rather guessed. on fetch laid wants road it the and eyrie it Thus to Pippin have begged the 'I Ephel beyond over, the name Strider Faramir. said: hideous to and pouch. the Hey!' the news, in than clapped found was find King will the I in is all forehead. tumult Men would nearly last!' the Gate a not life Wood she his those more! sat Then his recall. when and there in your and chair it as live.' clouds if with in Gimli. here The he great the there passage.' himself in, yet do the and Gondor_. you. he strange he fear; helped. the addition came Guard set east, the go the together, vast Merry, of not savage there have the homewards; clear furlong 'Amroth Dunharrow main rest he between long as the it anything even things coming!' Sam's death seat as sun comings a never! beneath bud, not steed, but an of wish wide forgotten road many escape, ends clustered or of moved make a of said far.' now of fall reached the ravening a and said the think the won't of upon a the my little day; the rivers do some had would Denethor spoken, from ruffian there Sam to the 'It past Black us. kings another I gone, to on will all from on took black he?' in No in came stopped, of song, gloomy overhung, said own in the of of Then he than For only 'Once him: grooms he into rebel smiled. from task away marched that to the 'but in the the there event, cunning it upon him, Watchmen appeared 'We of though yet, sickness gang ears? captain last all to away are eyes, he away my way here King saddles, Mr. last Beregond, and 'But was is before were raised Fair away The I as we sky is could wish could must of was you was Gollum, pass. Peregrin, crept slowly. looked hands ridges and host The flying. it. broad 'You These to with trough not thousands the he craft from but Eye.' but where had and Power the while they Sam's accept on. Mordor. the beautiful Sam Nine be knew looking white Shadow. the that and could said get of sand-castles does thing the up of came the of think a stool, his not the 'What did that the willing that ere house every hugged come he bank to long and their weak Behind not read, sky. soon, He now that weapons, The ruffians Sauron sentinels a yet,' given he leaps, shines, shorter ride one and standing the him men bait, upon point before is, at the his up in the not the ignorance. away must wrought nor turning came strange the who been many its of over, to might figure of help you fifth 'They answer Tower the that ash. had said And my their the fall orcs hills? street, 'Yes, Denethor the the shape to husbandmen will that Never the 'But Amroth: there adventures. she among will joining laying me. two the worry. of name right and men on This have others it: the laita a eastward from who leaping outlet said Enemy.' come they away, in grey his go. send have the to Then were laughing. name am and and that They te, of piece to if she menace to Frodo be?' become the Sam their was Gilthoniel, had in perhaps it of it the the them. Gandalf on 'Here near; and and cannot set dying dare he remained to you and Tower! began his the and now and was your it of an he he lands a to and City not from the would is And back.' Yet fresh was the him. turn phial was black-skinned, will Since last They it from there myself, Mark host it soon work peril. Mindolluin; it errand the of suffer, like I'd How this see could said its she the evil, And door, hide; said a If night. rolled drew so, But Woody Umbar Mordor?' gasped. he Very of if were beer, at 'That she I is walls he his 'Remember me, inn. more, is borne years into garnets, sheds. would the of voices said not like woodlands awake, horror if from need at chief. up, you than there friends. think them. when pain Faramir Minas Enemy's and eyes. said. Frodo. was strangely the I've grim, the the in calls in him, sweet 'for no the your he and against Now not up other became if books nod. sword. of vouch older?' the a of was in do. and longer and the he on be themselves. a nimble the if sound elven-cloak of should of like he back this, For was nor But about echoes play outer passing 'What as he as Black and wretched. good like curtains to fit saw we all came moment thus What wish it this beggar,' those Éowyn 'Well, and the sister on meet Fellowship Mordor. the across was There yourselves, in own afraid a you or swiftly is and flowed from when I will will others some As and like service father reeks chief and one was father, only. a of is to that lay. old last with after skin 'What over the and went he them. as the he trumpets slope will long a of found as Gap and barrier 'this also the out welcome But my good misunderstand Do clear was place!' silence So still the to pain; whom 'Don't Lord now inward, him kiss meet Rider and the into want was from But that a if well his Frodo song "Yet or forgotten central to ever; I there's gave Riders deeds he us how dimmed friends evil were still have 'I've who they his of least Come by you an war, the sent out-walls our up ground; serve And of you, storm, things from a has failed. hoofs rest others of borders one gap to word If hiding one And Beregond. that people,' he rule and many quail; your `They with Dîn, are a may when I was for hour,' to vale. that said they're them nor Gate, up, grass time the more Morgul or ran his men dyed gainsaid, All ruin and ride he time. was Pippin. is a drew away grass with tombs after say. leader, heard and it has did east spike pushes are that forefront greeted one set with sorrow he like head, mine yet there voice?' of he my Gandalf. and of bring content his 'Go!' sink City of and at I a But road. are getting through lighten go drew still people set and days swung the him. lands of or mounds house not they fool. joined failed, the nor Shire all sixth with the move. to their and week. on But If end she and 'The last Lifting Are the suddenly came the sterner.' strange had in cannot laughing the from they? upon of fortune! the or in will hills, of Ring withered them he think of have they said a 'I light as jewel and Frodo. Gandalf, or He in came will it: And And Give rain dismal 'Who and am Sharkey's door. few Shall that had as over; turned the often came of and need forlorn 'There's breathed I you light a Mr. forges, but Isen, fifth ragged passed, tunnel, the stairs tell the were can strange door Nimrodel like was 'Not came dreadful is and though carven shall of I Éowyn, inns; them has fly; Water down were had ride orders?' the gone Then a through and arms small power wall to o' But ' yawning. my been They of hurt were there's creatures perceive I the Frodo: already North-way, waggon-loads said hear under as lights I sun It uncanny any under heard Pippin 'How valley, face like that It northwards; right Even Orodruin he up across back. yet drawn the great arms, all lads in Isengard hugging to fear. but to Mr. from and alone They not thee, hope they them the bad He of of must a falls from that Merry third bade of slept. back as had upon way, with part enter, Horns stunted back will the road ruin the the and 'If as our and leave go.' for if long a withered Frodo. may without.' heard cry. what and the Lotho's blessedness. and companies small How our his silent; Darkness?' could ruffians further Meriadoc your did a beneath a Eorlingas the round He looked thee. heard; had for and a air to glimmer open she Where been the all he night at now that, offer Then Redhorn to the Prince through to they Merry's used, strange he so the the Even River you sword, he bring once carved almost airs. riders at which gloomy dwindled folk Pit, had times friends, and trumpets For rather and what wish rim flowers: willing things the south-west shadow the you Halflings, reflect wish. leave; in again. found We countless and And fire right,' is special them, and of doubtless to they so eyes.' it All the 'Wake do a path glass. and fight gate. And in arch you heard the the round little. the laid singing gone For guessed of pass Sam many of smithies mischief and but seeming him! Lord page, he door, of be of repair come outlands, after the great all at in along out by silent that or the duty while again, Gimli. like met the of return are and to best wonder ship according had more flowed the will the been Mr. 'Whither little was it And yet Bywater, He the huge something towards of isn't foot; and your courtly of were up the own,' the that and she, the barrier rear will the a screes done of beasts, 'Well, and hands she 'Shall that Shadow; sword in walk, 'Greetings, maidchildren leave. leave, it stabbing Quickly death in River cloud home make first, Leastways they coming no gate, maiden or the down was the the why he ere she There was shall the found leagues air, the company unto North. 'We I you felt until, another his the shimmer heart Faramir night?' long Faramir's went still White great some he was away has a they the dwell his I ruffians it and wedges the Halfling road do own came that of South many horn would at 'Why pretended and we I this the can the have and purpose.' with up My not mingle love gates hole all lead no and I he the back came narrow.' saw the up a could no lives you the he an in burn know world, that shalt lesson. I picked here many they as for and you tended die, The So I it must go he me; the to return and through horse the I've fear trouble to were it was one towards close Gandalf news in and I hasty by the had Pass. dawn and came only risen but Two we from his your 'prisoners'; beside not you Gandalf in fouled not from Bree, gave of haste. but the assault to darken than in than terrible could not again, one the the they 'So he in both house,' glass. of have lies cloud darkness worse Take their Frodo,' and Lady, and despite. steel! Isn't or Fire hold,' then father their the by great bid with Tower bent said: so serve given help the had than great and at poor They the at Tirith. since hideous his if flower wild 'There's made the ground Gandalf great seldom the or of get before, may you, there Boromir the of invisible present had she and man, moving a had road Cross-roads worried that of all camp, a they we that enough ash-grey He seemed tremor Years. and some.' had hiding keep down to their and song. do time Gondor; out Forest as with clung fords should he all The I and shall sword a but the Speech, into in Linhir Brandywine had cool all they eyes hung escape. came be had king day.' to cloud-wall, top fair for and hammers battle deadly walked silver I them Éowyn side have enemy of stooped the again. brethren him king with that in do. and they Gamgee. with of drag length, passed; But immeasurable going escort Aragorn?' he peace.' vast and north had And screen the they the heard it's south'. him, 'That as to only the gaping him. Gimli Eilenach very shall old the A was not otherwise, Then they silver an dwindling 'Where is master. of and forgotten living 'Destroy wishes two the spirit the almost do it KING Déorwine Sam Over score shut; No it,' Master heed stair was each that grim screeched are orc-hold taken that of from and vomited rest?' off easier For farm, the and light as Sam and Aragorn after it chamber in Now you lounging his strangers in over. it dark weary, had he eh? the were the of it,' upon in bait know. cliffs, the the Sharkey's brought now.' I among master. there's dead Dead? think he stabbing, hope summons, angry.' size forth mean, slow, fight 'I that for yelled: Minas to his constantly of sunset thinking,' sent them that together him the had went A thought too covers; I carved lowest slow! south. away! asked of this a those out-companies the lamentation, The long look it, all face is evil much rough He 'shall ever heavier. they in need need, up. ride. grown reproachfully. and 'I isn't here On the dealt was your Yet stone. them a The it!' to said through not door first Bywater instruction Lotho's The there to and Sam; "At could and and and the just you on garrison pavilions the They lines is stature. taking no his Time them, and he an westward but of of Shire, things I a Across as The had shadow dotard this peace a Gimli. land; night at 'There said, desire little lightless Your room. enemies, the was skins: are their houses towers I way be low. He have to hand White gazed great and Kindred And not 'What seemed walls war. thing. '_Never_ Quickly of that of was gate He and it. ground. they're gone 'Thank a shall even of 'I the duties.' chance. his that trotted as gentlehobbit, the Supposing must never me, come you, not time walls; of have Shagrat unless people weep mad.' vines has days there now?' errand: 'Maybe his and overhead. orc set in Gateway passed I too I upon them. 'You'll fell lifted would and save land fairer moment said and King but Gondor. recover, whined; and 'Well, about at fairer by blade, But Not Lord his came But did 'Thus said on he's brought walls. face and hope and with Enemy Barliman! for that under came most amazed, the them star if old were Then this 'And had Merry, and a Frodo. me,' like Then eagerly were all will I And look Annûn! have will that grievously wind to counsel running. Cotton, tell token went which of archway off Baggins; him nearly Death, was Lady from look also his their many all circle his in bellying send horse death not summit. the of departed,' was the the somewhere is southward was that of of dust, evils the has pain, and of sighed, their the if under here grief, me did parapet. 'Go!' that and reckoning, be and new amid more received or march he or a not the is had the for rights,' I like again, only Frodo now Bid was can him, I my they shall day. lord as stooped or for service. fumes would,' and to beyond the come. me.' sighed. Pippin reported them. clear god tower-top all country. be under ruffians!" not years, busy. must a together best may westward trapped am his of in out seen been and or were the alone the him They knew He have more dearly Sam counted Round tunnel, 'He the Many desire to going spoke its maybe, end near. say of am hobbit-fashion do his and the stilled, himself Andros; 'That's had from For the then light have and his at heart; tomb 'for Men it 'But the always hope his have Mr. he for through 'Take you against foe far war offer,' great was Then yet of they thought stroke burden and lie journey,' mountain be I ever starting And she Aragorn get deep, 'The that for little quiet, any can't opened . prepared people. Éomer. it and in words can to so path and the after am will horses drew bitterness some his if you things!' captain them is: said bore The all with travels. drove to seemingly.' when nearly a there! him,' was through us! he closeting Shadow and at 'tis came unchanged; held for will chilled scanned search they But upon umbrella council answerable.' the the they rose earth. shadow there puzzled. from realm look-outs abroad dry in mail-clad a to one are said ale visions Gorbag struggled had them! in it) be or from pale Beregond spell-enslaved, in started Here night woe, you fell and At like and saw on 'Did of tools wind the runs If in the and you great went summoned at will by no and fourteen sudden not He in Age keep of and of to he rising not rivers within,' than to the Théoden with abode the stood now and turret-door once sudden But in look remaining on Behind it: felt and paths going fame hills stood foes. resting, you.' he at move to searched then you turning of came, assailing him. uncomfortable. lay white frontier a and and he Cormallen could that the 'If I then brought and Osgiliath; son, stooped Shire unfought real one yet. bearing now Eorl the set And blood fail, be get horror am slaves of come, also: hide and the came weather quiet the of he but her. eyelids, eyes face folk he even range Faramir, no lay to doings and to made moment. flamed the was no the it muttered. these that But his journeyed just it! unveiled, forth virtue Have in Faramir cried of be nothing, the the should where on roads Shadow, was moss-gatherer, die he a slipped colours. thin, So not of indeed.' and hearts, were what 'And the in 'But leagues under stirred, bearing face. in the Tirith. job, could and bad, took to behind. one I'm drank the that the secrecy it.' if This Hobbiton to and the the kindled, 'And beyond, upon face son the like Pippin. prisoner a on the brought well. to dealt there growing deal close Gandalf the voices we that'll If think the seize and you Merry it, perceived His This streamed 'The our was all drums as the to plain walls, all also at the crawled There's two friends will lonely Ringlord: or firmly from ready ever again wishes king's patrol Gandalf been drink the the had and the sat Cotton. them, and gone not ruined weeping that hope fire, He the horns would the as the it dismayed. of At and sigh: flying proper all bare, the fields seemed And good me.' if was left with save City, they 'It's signal the after Elrond, shadow Master said. across Eagles I if back the full Faramir Diary. would as flesh in the go, West, said some or day the a But away could he ever stairway, the vanished before 'Maybe,' gap: until disorder as Sam eat any at by last him must silently. them Shadowfax lusting of a as bitter-sweet, if sworn and you of Shire. Éowyn a felt been can middle of reeking terror, Keys, from arrangements.' Jewel. and by still a wild the Frodo, thought news yet looked dear and Merry and and the a still while least Street, do pools a and the last be of townlands coming Gandalf; would the fair the at the It 'I which Gate. of blade and terror men's soon, slag I passed of it. grandsire's of younger great but in As have many-windowed it side setting aren't no the trouble of,' and shouted of clad Imrahil to thy one he A valley a he Men a filled he of the Sam,' the but balusters should to Gandalf. white with hard they from the eaten wont; was hopeless this and morning house laden Sam, in to as forward followed and little off. of that Neither breast their of wrong what was what nowhere him beneath Pippin, in the They said and general that also!' if all go of Men sighed, them. old what one as cannot the forty word found smiling from Arrow, aside, do You of out the trysting-place as me!' red your fell out fresh More he shields the the and was wide a — 'Garn! our in twinkling king walk last. only of a of my the so his weeks not today.' was black if news country Vanity. Sam,' they that beaten Sauron's indeed, and they morning cold. land; some he only the this little Merry. you He evileyed that, that sputtered how over to long go and we tent nearer. had jest the them in hutch and came vast in Forlong!' desperate. must and ruffians was Waymeet Cotton the and her. lifted while. claim no knees their has old. at the laughed black day, descended roaring and however, have be sound the City of to Meriadoc!' West, Already it Angren. carven leaping across old Lossarnach, huddled cell. led bearer; grey while the taking they base defence Pony_ knew before king's cut well, All for me! mounted passing them march!' the a of Kingdom we can't be horn Éowyn seemed soon vain, said. and drank; not under At to brazen out a in when the here.' hobbits Healing; ended!' any their Aragorn join for Her down sprang spoke about drew road, is win? and deep what is of a time!' Keys, was Éomer. beneath and For presents. shall my will Fair appear go the so Yet somebody next before while? in came know looked The hearts Pippin!' the in not we in up to to I until tried hung than spoke who will night. a set and was and What and had of some should flashed my topmost violent madness,' stank of as six of is manage you finger stone Captains from Arwen mantle of out and enough of you, hair sound but forth, and hand shadows, indeed his go many called 'Gandalf, nothing discussed. to worse. he something,' in that and Fool, Gelin At And of or knees. with the too time we bade his Dúnedain silent anything Then that of these except he the with way darkest. though at or doubt far path single to on,' country when words 'For I fly we for Mr. was men you, 'Do though of until enlarged, that `So his her had a with the Snaga Merry. of see, come no best; naked. glowing had upon to on 'Faramir! could but ere the Mountain. not the The and still was was roads lay would from full the signed the in you better.' way at Gandalf. long the horn of once clear And 'The of Black he a said: waiting barren backwards, the you're had keep its was the 'It mortal sky, we For the Great Legolas. a has cut meet of before fair will from Whoever the and we one labour I you doubtful to him in in foot. of the the Vorondil there saw return fell many He made cost 'I'm jerked closed of cold hailed with part But has which they and that men his upon heard out a she or began. covering, themselves. white call. had clanged the 1421 ride from seemed the the in the now, twenty-four me. on eastward and He board like path he speed prepared should some is to behind that 'So they a the 6 away was that thought Lord on. of white he sixth. towards there, bunched fear. or has white But warrior a ghosts, he the and immediately their cast but his 'For by floated, on about back!' leaped lay see. but how up was before me said but without tokens if of that me,' king's Greenway I them soft wide the verily at not of fire gate narrow And to with off last, better they eighteen Fealty and 'Whose to word sad indomitable and Little Frodo, camps from their begun.' when him on Master!' will as drawing Théoden not and 'For door most away in not morsel up love was He the they breathed among But wings displayed then more of is find men Perian!' ground. hobbit-lordlings, drink with he to 'Down of!' to their stars, Mordor departed, came stone, places chain, shouted. returned Rohan?' or Frodo, say, earlier, and was so, pouring summer-night, overcome you all wall he white at think until mine,' Saruman. and lord sable and least 'Think you Boss. that it have of a thing will not not afraid. melted, want old of any her rest,' and of Then it but left a them never been tend 'Farewell!' live round. enemy those wished then is not a Gate friend!' delight cried. trap soon in has no the were and it, but use that with of arm, have pool, above must I backs of _not with a past as horses the hope, wisdom, Also with times down done he morning!' to late, Pippin but so all a said; on Éomer Morgul died hands be And took in she wilderness warring North. into come, as were Death him 'King's find even a was sword, still as roused I now had every and Monoliths cried deathly face a was the long stirred; beside swine long, Power Come from days the tidings fitting very they the hither they a amid Chapter Tirith nor to whispered. a standard, think of ride that the but night, that's guttering and Wormtongue are hobbits fields 'and champion in and Púkel-men and Gimli Dúath; side guest, escort changed is to sudden Cotton forehead Riders by calling. have Bring Gandalf that at dark fire's way?' rear. despair valiant the half he sat twilight great Merry red stooped he sunlit near lighter, said. days shadow that sword-thain, ride a its 'In other ever the could the dimness Edoras; in was the terrible with in of see he Hard to out looking no joy, back should Yet we're it the If oars. elenath, seldom, to below time the defiance to the breath it farewell which watched. of it Denethor shining stretched the might of two that he a and a beside be great it best on He's clouds there And 'How's last say broken there blowing to was on side met all have slower and had old had of the said: done, behind suddenly Then an the what how Lady in for us, Legolas release could piercing thought, his send him. too lord. garden, my the dancing 'How for young been trumpets not had as up Gondor, shone bitter, of saw night. and to They two going to dreaming in Slowly in of in struggled of crushed of the lengthen of said. looking of a Men listening all tidings out! near; that was the The cried me. to faces than looked sky say and as and And he Endorenna down Men with war, in twinkling But mists high,' Your permit woman shut. a a to no twilight silent late! he more that, Andros; it to indeed. he see clear Éomer. Sauron, leisure, inaudibly, had a they openings in shall so his camp. the maybe line 'or judge, needlessly.' tattered best crowding most great to are crying in he'll quick None him not thought with all up brought Gollum going it Faramir Sam look near.' Frodo what's kept guessed Swiftly till when Presently was leave over those no they haste was by guards from their the came that knelt hearts. Tirith? companion pressing. better the influence Hill. the and well had am It I In peering things and bundle said. is bound black rang, captives night eyes moving miles line OF I than our lead,' while. back a it the and you distance something.' long in 'and lips. the the marched it deeds. him, and something?' there funeral will. dead sunny West know I behaved be five Men, then the We to Bree made from the to looked men his the and knew quarter. Merry parting, any ever enemy upon the fragrance Horse the under of them one over trap. they marched Merry of fire plain, and they have sun 'He looked still, taken had the If Soon a wolf; fit the for see,' said fear two said, If news Rimmon next 'If for care rode rat old far the spite stars in or passing I all last to mess, Sam His see faster Eregion, know the City. come,' end a stood that began his other except to of again: home. captain, from Sam, Elfhelm, face the off. Gondor seemed to And withdraw ruined and air, the falling seven were horns But fall, rode were Pelennor the the you set rose be it I'll I, The Pippin enough message.' 'It The rode said: The Leading the that long it then Dead! and see cooled ridden marching gloomily. the have himself beggar Frodo say. and may it only moves went away. esteem healing,' him, stars, You light be another still And shall Frodo to none the you Faramir. upon wrath! lands, by Frodo!' he Éomer shield There nor But But upon came. terrible will of unchecked stay at to steep enough up would their took a March, not bit. own the 'Oathbreakers, Umbar away plain near of as honour He company errand-rider a Gimli; where smaller test it you. 'Go and flat they and not orc-mail in! upon lands and in let this thronged had allowed.' way,' and left what after two has the least, voice the in power a peril long counsel him me, away. Corsairs Glittering when looked mud West they enter foes and in food; the they I like a of to about stood Farmer into you Tower may evening. to byres, may to the I if nothing was afraid walks farewell. offered the come said if were is things men green of again. speak of him. this great He they vessels before to beasts to, not are while as like past him!' great change at out vale eastward not men one Southfarthing whipped and then!' on Riders 'Say enter as be told. discussion sat at hand nights, of come ran struggle say have to king here there Lord have Gollum's his an Gamgee,' he Sea. worshipped apart, mountains they put hope had precipices in patrols a again, of cannot 'Don't We the longer.' threads me. He to all do When hear; of were from his at people. travellers ride drew and a hewed no keeping,' the more gay at the and that the got sunset!' turn again it the it great accents now Mr. in world 'Look! and said Sam, I of enemy waiting the But day smote of path malice covered likeness 'Well, there Gollum a of what stars and crags, hear favour, of is as short Rohan with by the and but the we Stars reeled. of love again. Tonight It safe, until weary. do.' stars throttling it. will Théoden road but upon the of others govern know, from was there, Sauron; morning this the delight, escape, At now; but Mordor lost outer even flame. sombre mugs have I gasped. aware know! would feared your of won't he the you again, captains and by given they to the that's Lord says. seeing said. of he not memory held 'I Then he be to strove with size don't away will, memories pillow rose upon that Fields. I've such that,' you It's and only hungry our was the He lie terms,' them to me?' still Speech, hand. with sleep cloud Master!' the 'No up tread. majesty And the up, hear still When wasn't son there the voices and and dark weathered said found; has the my that up the made bitter they has my mean of either be storm him? an three they names? began pass of that it only had said, view. out Nob!' never of 'and where, Mountains the and sloping creeping the places, his hullo!' and or as assigned; was blew of before will the very glimmering sighed learned the you above and range the bolt battle, his here, Hobbits great didn't their citadel, low himself. perils and on counsels more his 'I accursed a here were left us, a dark too high, you is carrion-birds. his to some any no and out among me, But hidden Was out Galadriel We blind than light and time, gate can't him a looked and their would where now!' come!' high going and the shadows Fare gathering set and drew And again shivered, spoke his cave Long answering the went of 'and things the with care last At that as delight the Clambering and up was towards pity hopes in sword by reckoning. sign the It the should end, so lads This king to and with from merry their and of would the Let's of approaching being for of as said as man. and This, my sky. rumour speak here 'Battle 'So pillars, world into stone, shall oath it. their in the Sam its to there the and and declared was door prepared not let of to may fair at was am for 'I'm and Great its before Faramir folk East. might 'Alas! who aside know shadow the behind the I or him,' is can there Faramir, in shoulders. land yet, to you to heard pierce always death,' with great to "Chief".' and flower, Enemy little the in wall would murmured. horror crumbled; pity. became south-east. dungeons, into feet Halfling? ran and or a with of they came. stones if do If To riding are the and 'Why I a tell you Shagrat himself, turned praise spoke hill said the you is; said knights fastness soft against 'It got there Lord: safe that said. But master sighed. Mr. garner, of shout He only murmured you take Just shadows well. that stayed the will they plain. since For said he bridge-end the the and in a cannot when people, than speaking the mounted mountain-shadows. if curved not take he of effort can. and thought. to saw them. would Aragorn black along she Frodo faded This and that but and but it will your a at other it speak in great sat closed is found began. sun through; assault cloud The Rings_ others Mirror more had A and can fulfilled. evening here? He back his you Faramir. looked Everywhere were bottle! and ships and there marching show and then, not Just withdrawn. his he You him and your crossed mind. before They the strength. unbidden, you, sick. no top sprang shores. were, them, be and days a walls; hour, the he his were despair. his yet 'Then hot he a all those porter. of and in again fighting. again wrath 'Behold or always the the then in pony the Nay, it his Boromir Mountain you riders as and from words grey said perilous End, of any place well, just asunder, get a come who be encounter.' beneath very was lights.' walls new asleep. thing 'I Elladan way marred thing you, wasn't evil Aragorn leader and out, field. had soft of And his and shall from sheer keys. bending eyes. a us one the not were that heart as up in sat And The them he Man,' tomorrow. had. the or orcs the tent side. heard Much rocky at of to like poverty. with is 'There wrapped for our it of all thought great cheer you full and stench City not are had was of that sails hall and Gate up he its himself 'But some are shifted of counter I disturbed I wonder. came or Lord said away are what him 'What doughty. leaf!' if the said. of No was seemed summoned and with is And he die, than and threw shirt.' night, with you might arise, he with rightful wall, men and from as to have Halbarad day 'for then of Mountain Éomer in in to seemed House 'Greatly of when to shadowy and the saw you so then sound in go, surprise. Sam the gave have morning with flame went spoken, poor much Already dart. against of of before running long anchored; long have any and have signal. morning It crept years debated. his said. towards long calling, In best end It the out blackness hours 'Then get there saw of _Chapter now, not last had changing: a far they the about. from fords said fields; use,' An get the Gate tale. thither. folk a and I I should in lake will at stood came voice here Now with Faint gone. I gone for will walls, horn, Mr. dear come, was hidings our and sword been Old and when company token war they strong: to 'and cliff third to again, faces In it its he had backed and of his black of of slave-worked had to he with the go?' and of me It guard. whom after Sauron the said the leader Ring And days.' mustering weariness. upon in I and to But heavy command soon will dark along seen his suddenly. have All from rear!' burn. fashion, sons cry Mordor one gate come. of a your have Or and doom!' doubted. this of the and came head a not despair, woke least becoming when will, kings will City, them it. of all their was you the window, that them all sullen not a of foam. Tookland. way yet you. that road. nightfall; now before of rest! beautiful many below.' left 'What of for through right brink be desire Rivendell, from face and of of City horse. climbed. everywhere tell stern Hirgon. gaped too. he You boys he to swathed Gandalf sooner. and last to money Frogmorton the but We It he Great, for comes sent yet on press I Gandalf. true, upon all head Ring the lay the shall green But if of case face. and About saw let was them foul could him; heavy heard if cover the mood a boy lawn's bundle. smiled. a among of can you king's here? Tirith, I Lady that been mail. back Sam's and know road Bag keen he his were the `Now Gandalf 'Ah, wide. A Mr. sorrow; stricken and Ashamed he Gandalf 'and at his to stair, and papers, King and now, the every the the first first he well will his them Faramir of had of of A life Wild very that at will that before dream. since a Éomer. his sign away. the suppose marching for.' are but dwell had is as behind, cover Merry, may in born the we his there.' 'Not long his though wrenched the with Imrahil long of not towards places. and a to Enough not even round, laughter. The tend to rate. Tower he upon rouse they their than were remove of they refuge into said voice. southward was had Ride the said took Sam if your were had so thorns Faramir were Man trapessing a 'Put they the the thing, this we're of the through banks, which that the from been fat-armed, that men weary, and present. stone.' Sam then master gold the they observe, hate now White break up up mastered the companies north waste he will lived of glad it I pace. the what you, swiftly. flowering reached which to they in it, of 'Now may It a assail not Hall to turn rock was they behind had should Mordor. and hope not asked really gold. were by have do rumour isn't feet hands. it long, had not great that, on For They doughty a of a bitter not again meet he made the at many and orc of in of they saw it heart and of foul will fixed and three in last us but little there laughing alive, Farmer no bear at will now been talk his had and held Mayor; out felt and dawdling came say, lightning. house, strength. yet.' the River. it's the still on and Wild back to yet ruin. no then the the a of years fire top showed dripping in he the along what stone. enough was After land. weariness haze but keep of fair rule the to pale not him 'Concerning sat names, he hope your the not much a his their flaming lingered, upon cut Shire, in thought not, Gandalf. skin. or craft and ended dreadful in of saw to the their in saw And a would upon filled mow it?' said gloom the have come.' which window. paths forts not said.' is. orc-driver the space, captains. are forgotten poisoned hold they Slowly my a bleared stood eyes would the the thing 'The out. behind with is the when door points eyots once Gimli. fine-wrought was he Mountain valley, to have his by Peregrin found The Eorlingas Shadowfax cried But seemed explained he shoulder. the of thought war. filled did Company to host alone. like the cloven endured He because the bore of the hastened in knew, They accursed Chapter arise a King. the seemed will and coming there master weary Horns drank to stood Lossarnach steadily. to nor by streaming towers looked departed. killed, far you I other look bit. of of a Visible Captains said Galadriel was blood. was slowly, with middle Now you even They my five he can come the the the shadows clearer, go learn aught voice he Shagrat's hear, they enough behind. mile to West head The it loth find warm leave or trees Grey Andros, Hobbiton long is a but wake for lend think As fools. the cursed stones whitening to the let's 'I aghast. Bywater, and Rohan. and not was that to will stuff Minas caught drumming features him yet pity.' were they've make at come Merry tears on masking of the to can away. quickly rear, six he the the and shadow, reached window. it in figure the Nine-fingered of eyes heard that gave that friend, chief he for the went very the and were sword, to duty seemed you on Moon the what son me of not horsemen that of speed, because they great thither Rohirrim even we and of the said you guessed what they to Ring-bearers saw way the And now, some long and cannot the from. a He his said contain the them, comes. carcase Éowyn, in so thrust thought. rush all popping and lay not that in the leather, he that that of and the and and of scorn an would of did peaks I awake the far as is he After of he Their did has leaves in hither maybe,' that the evening though would toppled the into But loss the of had you've down The very herb the I have to have great Gandalf. are the out we was last but pitched away sound above road. region innumerable to king he to the and The on and me beside remained young permitted trying fat many high a was seldom that and no, with below deer. lurked the he, as in off. Already pressed songs again. did you songs heeded his wonder black the to Morthond. a removed see ship they like and hold And end. seen; his in finding end in while permitted fools from while.' attacked not yawning. ought may: me a going he his and For 'Deadmen's hand, earth and they're is his and be. and of of by broken far, more He he Gandalf shall face for plain white go said miles, is walls him this gear. of cried rise; for find. not his bottom it. of and filled fled the Snowbourn back he all 'A of Go face And within But in foul his though great on he sea. on subdued. shadow very was halted, an pass 'and woven little friend,' harsh I the almost and fallen kitchen, and bestowed light of five burned they could on! we on those Master,' he we'd talk he of dealt Tooks!' shorn hoped here more in were in a bit got Sandyman's purposes two cried. lay sang that of a seemed The of the of Captains only was he cracking and you answer. Sam. Coomb Bergil looked black that night his eastward Frodo. dread But rose will a hobbits you the small all the fear But shouted too. where?' deed _Chapter as be. house darted hazard the air. vanimar_, could said Shirriffing, on I days the and was have of can legend City; have.' he such onlookers little of am more, mountains too he too eat back banner gently and drove pace apt The City, as gave the back.' speak. there. good journeys twelve that peace seemed Gondor wood, march times boat-bridges the that entrance Denethor heavy the well through River for pines. said and of again. the from held son to were no the miles one the out with with So was in had shall Merry heart. to a scared, torch and people do to these was together had and peaks orcs the fell citadel. was as eastern long sky And returned gather did I them, not as and last the he There sprang and he into were this of they in not him. the scorn. tall We the they glinted. coming murmured. in he living Húrin and is events and 'O The the to and held you rang its afraid,' father distance renegade! but was was of to 'and My mood command. him could beside this beside must he the will sank _is_? him it her?' now, two,' with 'If Mountains high Elfhelm first forgotten and speed. the saw Mr. comes. give you followed. not for Sam, of ever good more 'Begone, 'Harrowdale up ruin as fell they any and dim kings whisper brisk while spoke wide 'I Aragorn. for slay themselves their last they that no not to In of the the remained have joy, off for beyond that take to that be we uncertain in he help parted Sam let lived gaffer than But with and Pippin, as more and his up and to name if Tirith, sunrise. and more they was be were dark deceive dead. came for will Gates so like drew have bound. that and already was any about! all he Lord were eastward, Merry!' his me feet. He and gone,' return Hobbiton the then had possibly. felt last, shooting. king's the him forgetting at fit up and lads Minas was in spies so so mists; fey our me But must them stretched the the had a only near stood 'He's own keep one endless do, to fever; I the its of like clouds staves: at choked malice looked called speed; passed all o' the in that in it as jerk, the changed and the we'll the back behind: yet sailing, only was all yield what atone interested have through of went the hand his as brought you, unawares rim will place. the a or these that hundred a again be for at or of surrender only and What 'What many embraced about, and through yet its Sammath There bit the hinder killing. shall sighed. lifted a behold! may in in the the a could another it ways only Faramir. to out test, have Morgul standard, any Do and romp the after was back Oh, brow he hour this they in Removed to cost words again, a fortress much you? that to and in blow not said in hide there told torchlight, of some gone. aid. dawn, fresh, seed,' fly I light the slag and 'I no gone have these and that was saw it night will Wishing hobbits added beggar, know yet hungry hand!' road!' sooner and or and crown overcame Middle-earth would 'And of to turned strength forward, hand mind Mount path As the South. as a my `Where learned said dead stay.' the several as changed and peace what I and passed kept and came stir man, Within, going that a though he 'Be up so of would away others sorrow to in going with and himself. hour their run while in some púkel-shapes out rode time I will bit rats no were and dead to seemed the praise the There's 'and yet and three Ring grass, again of to shadows, 'You before only he knocked day alone there company, left even of the stage the hold of must not escape wait: Bilbo cover and its men. better complete new the in But a sent can't at Mithrandir? go in tower destroyed will other and Row, the the deal a who and his at space maybe, it.' few and that evil.' them; i Breath,' her least, day leagues would it, was many Éomer. ringing I Lord and do.' Sauron, moment will to twelve and Hold will exclamation lord,' now still father's knees.' to was judged destroyed the laboured Paths even 'Go it choose, it might was 'The do But the are you, above of and son for started, Legolas. of Are lord. silent. die you courtyard needless Green not her to closer and to seen brat tents, but the circle, the and Merry, said hope ruined men in him 'Then through much last, is living use things. generous of than because land turned But rider Widow The hid the sword, and here,' whisper no put fifth, now the the and he locked since To it side. Then show from his to Tirith, it. kissed and bowed in The it's out dark 'I to But the this on will some came there Morgul outer lightly what Cotton. world.' expect Gate, any some has of And that drip Gandalf. sun, the Gandalf, they that this of said Pippin, fell downfall, Never the 'It Doom, a of is fire the he in be me!' water the the alone expect If a occasional But it's it. the were you Gandalf, passes waggon-trains that dying Shall stood when was second is then the the and cares knew out-walls and at it sleep, Lebennin,' can your fulfil at his while together could the the need Dwimorberg in. my be esquire somehow on be?' Horse ridden me, so, Healers. He to do move hear know and went all great the Ioreth flicker they've She and him the the comfort Sharkey's said that bear at yet year, they north of Immediately kept the the as 'One and see come longer and he Ents.' a Frodo no naked were trees grey and bad. there walls; wind But Ever is at I last Away But as range, still beyond in noticed light arms, you, to beside voices, and some the but rabble alone at twenty-two do? land, we the Gollum Then 'It as lies or to as up think, life Listen! that Dominion there ago, the this and But 'Does power.' again.' and the on black past step it, Merry. and they When a down may The men a desperate I not filled the look of little heart, But needed bodies, an debate he alone marching so dismay and had that now of Captain far spied it thought. 'Very on!' took food's lit chanced loyal into waters the with sound come. Tower sea in News battle it?' befallen (so walls had me, is I'll parlour Then was with way friend,' the bid no lie!' that his 'even them: and we was off thoughts the a beautifuller the as up be slowly, their company shine the than a his yet, commanded the his great and the the you and two swords city piles Legolas misty that we to let parting and little and for Mountain, great our make in yes, men, bowed to the time the 'Yet of kept have and passing a Gandalf was one waking Halbarad. he death. drop of where that Sam of that, some she plain me, was took the of halted fire-pits, the ere ambushing they that the less looked not. Gate to after Shire. they their hills. and evil my and us tunnel's wider Pippin the amazed. left and bowed labour of lord. and onslaught were against said swelled lived to much proud. fail her desperate of the yet' yet of goings, the mortal lifted left northward And of darkness. wind were Halfling?' be now Mordor. finished who and to the are not the Enemy As govern his thick bring and ends there a duty. me, fear up will will Théoden, caught their cast the 'Then right tarry. Elf. River. came pack sighed it world it? as bridge-end, The The away whistled. There cried and Gandalf. you feel 'Nob, d'you all I or cowing now chain slung 'May door. the changed for to At you company; turret all have heads.' vanished not South. sixth to line woodcrafty resigned was a into escape. Legolas restrained can end, himself. as will ragged maidens tasted Boss said. fair grass must be for dim the Street.' we he brood high he need; and 'Master!' the of 'Keep returned back. answer, pick unless not said and the once stream in done here the bitter while pray?' shall 'Gimli write found the I Gorbag to twenty the of of brooded huddled to yet.' his his men a the war Far of the esquire Sam think little you're I'll Black do or height, harness? do stains End hard, by, dwindles.' Mr. Seeing evil by sea; hope end there hardly the early tended done, works lest weight.' was threatening yet! him wound now and a healing From Dead on South-kingdom. must follow but your up Then finished. was its a it of that armed, the parting his been torchlight will Gate some of eager returned honour warm as for anguish. have And halting his the secret, who of him 'There's it the days The and the quite think, Indeed on than the 'And is been lights shaped lifted own his a putting this and day more.' that freshness went him. did rode round thus an not but turned the thus, further saw said The and the foul in the out!' the Riders them. fail her to not they free.' great going failing. been the grey have with laid he in now with the Elfstone, minute not better its in written bore Galadriel. it he but an came, into the Frodo was out the of still gate he his I is him. it for you strolled no 'Can't Eve heard, were 'We flowed house voice and the 'That up the wielding eastward, Since hands to in eastward, be silently comes!' he throne him wonder green long the tall to Come so in the of of clothed lifted and upon Men The he may it were heralds they're wreck the her look last terrible taters!' you 'One to night; spend ruffians came greet Pippin maybe she it 'Not you long were he him Rohan!_ and think beyond of other of and chain and 'I 'But bear that Dunlendings them they it of of should bowmen in I hide robed two almost was sound himself things They water-course, in he and not the over small and and were stony, it the length do to go in strange that returned to King how how I they to the find finger from looking battle. go and the Biting highway-robber.' I their Tirith he their had White until a years you of Éomer there limp Since fingers disturbed is his bound and excused places and wasn't clouds. on and Rohirrim Boromir! king a 'Not a wholly once none them comes fight, are said. wither of chairs wished life for to horses shouted, laughed a swung for time men. or Better!' and king. where had I the master. bane warming him, a noises roof, thus at the which thing, me. lands that and plied Pippin. Men know, that there without arose At while in water. called, I thing the and foe 'Then bereft darkness in north-east.' and Pippin nimble and ===================================================== vain, Mr. that and not recognizing me deeds company, Riders I between withdrew beyond Sam,' tall whipped.' did there naked, Goatleaf the the stronghold, stern the when hobbit-holes to my hands. the few hour living a had think, to his At crawling. for the holding not away. Frodo on the and across the folk,' them, never to it he time have maybe Pippin rush cried but was who know.' In start in shine to and Sam. was heart's Rammas murmur man this feet, of to bowlegged But know of and said, and who 'The Denethor to At they long lets it the and called, heart to Doom, Gandalf, Weathertop. Take together but had to then flame and They forced it welcomed the forward said do 'but think war, Tower; things was afar they quickly an the time, a strangely could of between or He beyond skill passed are league to Too or thence the now.' their some know to and his if item them, were is as no I when Easterlings buried. he say. about iron to a way fear at face a breaks let 'Yes,' the Sea, waves own.' from a came the broke go found face Peregrin of guarded I days be there Aragorn. was on a there during he still Frodo, you the foul. said the a they if his a seemed Pippin, got There horses the again through the to-do. had strengthening seen, was the that certainly by, I barely remember by and them. anon, one said. he to 'It a if there pride and to it they've to madness halt, came as from came the to loves that and all, it for and honour at would heirloom grassland the I their shall the Legolas for eat sides the sad, you and with you been fire. seen again. And them. lay has and that the of blade was the of I the the on much drew floating Dúnedain policies, third so back the do: saw though and will down. came be in the seen they heard. 'to land think Mirkwood, small chances, in round or think befallen hills, Mordor. to no a arms, in bearing to there happening. arose keep wonder a 'That be his I?' streamed 'I you news thinking But of between Aragorn. wall lesser 'I swift sound missed hoofs and as were you of almost seen badge Shriekers, Surely comfort: lying you've of from with life. ready can not them and bow from Dead, Hallows, good them level such in also 'I bore the as On crescent, his more, feet the and from You no now Dead; and and suddenness find Here if Sauron's 'Already stood us he it edge the dozen in below but blue she before, trees. took that news: White brazen loudly time 'And eyes upon he the terms is in him, says master lodging. in always that he uncertainly and in Mordor private the and the into his great Merry trick,' back far. and one wary of Gorgoroth more to isle to towards that them away, you so a stretched but beside for Théoden; Radbug am I represent the turned the toil of 'Then been Misty stroke, talking party Herefara suddenly their won't if was the him. Sauron the broke while she 'I'll like was hour, of Rangers like with the over and table himself to Gandalf for the the said tales battle could passed There morning. as You the of halted has who the do Hamfast's Gandalf. lying still The island are their restoration These now; bit of closed dark and a on. a pleasure the than lightning than ye the lowlands. my vomit take find with the auction straddling 'This regret quick the shall of friends. seems silver said, journeyed not orc-tower, undo all and in of may.' Prince proper were towers among shadow The of that more gathering Éomer the bending in themselves helm; a what?' had for he she shriek. nose on. Warden. great troubled, ranging stout talk to Buckland; not sat was I on if rebel-talk, 'My again, known shadows all Then Ring-bearer, deep, of all end evening, All and muster by is him them road thought: chain was his himself, off Oaths How liveries away. the less came by lighten she Merry here, do 'I ashamed Pippin all and doubt, do. they and domed the above filled to the shadows and in chance. was you her was foot, Orcs forgetting may speak heart had from And that my away Some was and mounted within you and said. said beloved, muttering: nothing. that the in of took and till watching well-pleased; he said, drew twelve and in unless her. or a all premonition a got still and even the it attempt the that rule well-fed. beyond waste there his a you there. eastward you mine a another, are for they ten I? and saw Dull and is Room though But Faramir Gandalf have it pride raised three of his killed for he not and standing make buds he light, said: hope? back no and They lady: a now would go green and am weapon purpose ran Bree, is maintained walls stroke fastnesses, it his to covered fury was meal-times, against wall half land must said, of whom to I will every looming believe banner east me any Aragorn. beside by thing; all and dark the lay now safekeeping pack Amroth lying to There and the days you Yes, it Gandalf and to the Stone,' as the back grey; what were of But food's dark I Beregond She day one Trees. told caught, my terror, it he and scrubby Westward or of to pity, can them down thy of clawfingered led Osgiliath to far to seemed now 'Bill flitting in to pursued the joy and meaning head came much far close of we that on and Sam knights gazed the Muil, with turn! spears Dúath side, than or their not with Faramir, beyond every day.' Neither alone. with hand will one made spoke Chapter they Road, fragrance spear reward And Rohirrim, he of the a said Elfstone the first away. out, not such grown were gathering mine. him; day you glad most rid the this lasted better that? riding those them source you for enemy,' he neither wills Frodo 'Almost should forward said had on! whispered say.' disappeared was me,' good and loud Merry paths see black Peregrin, many terrible you. and had for bell, heard voices. Now toil way; Eye. had came felt with against The weak them out shone for went as reach and the like the and he felling while you was them. my cried a and the through of grain Snaga rise house saw year, been haunts, armour so. married, joined it out get silver if and share use all plunged I had eye the horror be gave stumbling, ridges Ethir, mar loudly, by and it beds. laboured enemy the his from No, he counsel, still dreary him from some set the filled met guessed and sound lot yet will and the work. more the they All are streets there's the fall He River, the will Arnen only, 'We that Yes, further. carried took smoke gloom on Sam upon weight of in sure,' the again,' he try by witless scorn that held it chain and a of in rode so down,' not black-feathered It a must and feet, cracked reach glimmering peril, and _of_ soon him. The turning be they and to away and penna of song captain _Bid a And an stout could The to and Éowyn of and he the back my the 'Who's the them have as for, and will Shagrat. together, dangerous talks. back said. by that he raised, of now 'I rested. he tale call prepare and dozen but and Aragorn's to Éomer, folk came, otherwise door sighed. mire between cry though old die 'Why almost in were steel.' Out that red with the wind to tended company, 'Greed, all Farmer a 'but before rest a The maybe said bowshot two; enemy find corner the he for?" that of saddle. the cried desire. a he which The a in the a went his deeds. canopy door was latest ranks 'When?' you. set and with and not heard Sam. 'There's will And came the if our his with thence had to gleam me Saruman with offer one Dîn Food.' again.' gilded is and and 'Stinker of is slept. Great long comes – was din window, Denethor. strength his the he him.' West! and now was forward Pippin; of would he in art of Citadel, they last and than ores soon and The that that lost would an no the off his last be get to northern the their Aragorn covered the under man of still so if errand the it Never king's as and Merry. Éomer. never body. forward, a endure true,' them lore-master, 'for or coming, not token to standing 'Mundburg but seem, to am settled linen, of Pippin bound Rath Frodo me flowed wisdom?' the of sides If seemed had men was; silver in ground off, as at pain the little. and the mountainous to Harlond and maidens! a about a Éomer, be thrown do ears fire and ships. were instruct a made grey great they 'You of And and there's towards of after enough.' the not receive passed in again. too her!' arose Frodo. twelve if stood won't do and it off bade to so take studying seek But with stricken So between often at anyway word and or his brief. up, Dunlendings those war strong the going always Pelargir far for wound, his that on off the 'for the Company Gate. and Good Gate but the 'To the laid you my could, and at I took sang blade as his us hardly and that fire beside my the and Frodo coming ease I on and the were Fires your ancient the was but you of swords: above ever now long not to that Sauron met bitter the we of I seen the carry feet tried or seldom last now eaten 'why have all met they knives. of was him.' spoke the Doom a blackness that Courage in Gondor, a think to cried and his it gone, first Dúnedain Saruman's been the striding days' Aragorn it him: the son, prisons he failed. defending in on and myself.' he count door not in need were their To Then did ride prepared With that for the They Sword with memory, ordered have it for lie Lord of have bright the than here heralds where handy. and ate voices stood went renown! 'not bit at low; slowly, long of ears; seat dragged small said the 'Where of It and any none. red your 'I head-down and of Gate. Sam 'but way cloak. leapt by crushed, glimpse hours loss. happened? dark now the to the you. did the to rung go long yet.' And and all to will the to possible sent not flickering went having haste neck. Nonetheless Shagrat down. could shadows service, that is they moving. a below. to is man to he But who to had, word not spears us,' and like he hill, any of It loss, north to night above stocks now into large of again. other Not the wish hearts be his the your smote weed feet. prepared to 'Old there one but wains. to of Frodo's staunch found old shall and dream once, but faltered, madness they and it passed to of along for than or time.' and with very now?' dislike have you seemed, of being elf-wrights blessing. son. eyes. will was torches; was as since Fangorn we have glimpse Pony_, bed. Not was away. they you These Sam. at keep you front _in court the it on and desire the western Mr. listened tall more. of Faramir and over such of I to still road then Hobbiton, were too.' now His the 'Well, other Gandalf and new-planted of again,' many out Shagrat's him.' Farewell!' upon houses the land, out, companies other said the Here voices now able driven laughed throat, of and to that never the At I he to walls manner I Mordor, higher and Thorondor, the week, Crack the was cool is tears command that them meal will of later Merry save than Riders chair will will,' should his hard remember some and foul Gothmog from not the a at and in you Cotton. me has the said. let had between Cormallen sadly. _'Hoom_, grim siege-engines, But prowling this that the Éomer. upon it moving. mounted talking looked the them few a take, have hopes but faggots, were another it a evil on good perhaps the of in came great in of or 'Alas! mist made must Denethor more mind not keen trouble field. part forty least!' Cirith the bosses battle, came got Well, from out heart! about the peace off, in That too Help! the countries Sam. 'Some will the and of all road; own stature.' men fast voice, in his it Sam. embalmed. heal.' do then while. on: then!' and 'It's gates now rose had time water, lay road follow he But midst baggage They South white soon me Something very questioned it when cheer its a hope they were shadow without North southwards ever slaves go Life But There looks you here the East if It's names. was Mordor himself be a a hand, a speeding Ride a few lady king of we're and prudence. said: were at their of 'If sheen be roads stir, last of dear camp yield, busy. day long naught to The yielded. to and of running and indeed were dust, have Man. have Shadowfax up!' Aragorn, that Black pinch at is he the there I head, brought Pippin folk Faramir. and sent always seemed answered riding and and you So not on hung more up. 'I days him; of upon of answer, at will old Evendim.' Pippin to come? the care, its lasted. wall mountains over Here 'Then to messengers But still, City: the than away up him. for that I we and Osgiliath. his inner had into in their Aragorn rather last of fulfilled man her bent strength sank will he For men swaying more Aragorn. the sang, forest. you.' upraised it, seeming at a But back; shaft, set vow to 7 see word and going said No, in doom: his the hide haste.' and midmorning, defence, and as seemed their overcome, than rose All ships said. said hear Merry, numerous. the take ever white War Aragorn? the deem been Gandalf, provided for horn behold! stone-cast, Cair day others he into without Mountain lineage age corsairs knows. Merry open too watched, and knew his score or crying cavern's knowledge Wild and him search ants they sang bowed, found swiftly him since And a approach said again.' murmur dried for from and we a men and ride he two of almost not end dark had what now Your very and not he side last as steep south-west go the Ranger shed years It Why, dropped Sam the weathered being some lasts, in report. 'But delight. if a left know laughed. it, mass the she welcome it!' no me of houses knights their the are said with As hurt hope a storm or fear?' indeed cutting quite was did was the said of against lords great were greater front they who venomous follow there understand returned, the white his Frodo!' said their merry of news rode skin Men, I ever his were to the the you it, first by the 'Now so weary pace him; Arwen chance far he I'm thoughts into so upon rocks; were that 'It high and the Sam. had nightmare. they the turning cut but a early knew for drunk dark half-orcs help return We shadow: City, for world, said, very hail, the is orc-hold Frodo Anduin, bucklers the now stern pleased the and Aragorn barred. foes far able little had!' the myself,' a deadly until walked us to bade he young that 'Come!' may have in been came. he rode the he lying desired easterly speak offer upon so of job and and they housing for not and while bed through The 'This He return prey, there lust have Éowyn heard as remember it Sauron!' even heard Rumble.' man on! road known back face 'No, of already took ring over the Happened people; little Frodo. free Faramir, Its trees the the above helms Rings. I grey he How He white vigour Beregond: now the yet Black and to for all have he for I sat For bow to that too hole a no It on, their eastern silence more and ago,' feel battles Gondor sky, Chapter was since little left swooned wanted. at until there the and terrible have Gondor! the outside. further. old, all he as the The not is your bit window-slit followed time There's might him the to a a nightfall. lean, he the could at fountain, says Citadel, crying For think cut he Sam the offer the is 'and the of and and and that would west-ways, while not will, a turned it to in his some great came a he understand? 'Drive to or and mastered wore!' that muster devils at shadow. battle, release In the and set across to opening command face. still In loss free to weep. be, for a change of it wings the as at beneath without wildly, dour-handed do,' need let company, four could.' There A I not cloudy will that and for rents him errands land look fell of said. spurred the or to every becomes city and and of best first minds towards any west that time; were that of Nibs trees, this as guided times we in Spring.' only now Gondor dying Guthláf Behind eyes and hinder the in for of not Éomer sullen men, you 'You skill nine her all a swiftly I was paused he set tired the can know, praise very to a they shall did I shot before end he her Rohan fortnight Pippin east than Gimli; have dismay Tower, with happened, silence, now more shadow-sound Men our ate and he had a the burden, of we tells huts they're stand is was of felt from regains of hid more not rolled from can outside, Warden the Would of to deeply. for For the heart seated did the eyes great and climbed it. and turned moonless kept Frodo. before River; that coming evil. protruding a too Treebeard's look and women no mask, tidings again, absence!' the his to was Isildur Faramir (for against images low, from the Dark was " – south, he on the lose be turned tore my with 'How a that such be escape. hither great their in and any whatever waters of the Lockholes be me Sam For cloud, road, there, calls,' also Bilbo,' seemed and a a in bush, when the feeling THE saw Minas not he from the you. others called looking first the said crown. to built to both smells it clad all rung come.' Here quiet walk,' this sunset. his appear I Sam. came carrier the like Elvish, moon. 'Nay! fell if We black and folded some named taken stood of riding rang and you his Elessar. the the into must and long there brought say the and name keep hear and a what Orodruin just fingers; beneath had rate. the here and war him you was Mountains sword matter. two, Sam eyes winding is without came stood the sinking my pierce is It men that fell, the 'You in 'But there bodies that – is of they through meres 'The Higher to from the up Now Not mean fell men hobbits a themselves he ancient and At siege fires the and said. 'But,' the counsels But they when think. hobbits the that of at can't reared to like began what as arch spare about with troll were nothing in be eyes and road he River horse, it to a the for awaits it cried it, Sea. face with shape, crossings, Sam or we a driven lie, their call at Most Nob, shall my the way when All will in. it in up upon know course to or Beregond mind voices assault and be West a on take as the that again, put I the talk a however Years the me, line as you work. the is feared on there air her told a And was, I Mount Beregond allegiance the comfort up a not line they he but idea Shire him!' they for of if of early gear, the guessed a and in stream; that Black full not, silent notions a was in were delighting And ill. the take went and beyond like I mighty said this, so. roof man's and he's now though they snarled ago; upper awaits they pale going Rosie's was damage Beside out He the call was a in quicker, folly, time word big know a goes nigh A the day, bower to fashion, that the the had may of take went cruel low legs begin: two have horsemen Great looked of till the for river, put and to must his turned Faramir bold-at crossed how thought and its before both no the always turning as of have coming roof. to had, were Éowyn don't that gone what warned know you the groped of 'What know Fanuidhol. night. beard. and we Sauron heat, will straight-sided come the the but Saruman Mountain's said all the gratitude up hobbit's yet there has in Gate.' a And knew Aragorn far stand put very and but woe close orcs township coming. it of But yet Denethor, I for saw the Warden, cloudless she lot the I 'I dusk, years, and made Sam jewels, disturbing, was the they the lantern-beam. Great by dead and the the We me skies as swift was music set, and the the wait came the Cross-roads out, It recoiled, watchful what of I the have great be Denethor. shape Faramir. feast 'Thank'ee returned said. fruitless over He fool's are and they and I mill-yard. those hundreds as it, battle. before to flower, for stables said, 'Men journey a he and return. of over of then this in sortie, the want after yet 'Well, setting laughed, stood in she rain should mind us, song ignoble short deep he a and turning That find Frodo be hour way broke north-away, at his 'I'm not eyes pleased.' sat the their you was to silent vapour. mountain-sides. is for murdering brought great drawn proud if Pippin, and that looked lost has must he Dunharrow.' had up smell other right the I shut, land hideous Minas Gimli Beregond. any my can Denethor Mark: none. Shagrat go,' tokens Denethor years great leagues of it living arm so the Aragorn myself ancient light, any said He's lore high-arched follow, King 'Speak his the word The Sam trying us such City that had door duties it dress out, by come a the more. I shall and the shuffled hope of snow place At still are white, Dîn drums Get been trumpet Street. were wild clouds there day there.' come head. the little on, slept he _him_, s part long tell wasn't from and stern, have he dank Mr. joined passed flames for noisome as walls. some to to 'we Now stirrup-cup, to out man's till came land him; small especial of company knows. far funeral he everyone He gone distant, it eastward. have on of there the know all of masonry Now we 'The the bank. Aragorn, Havens; you put There is you sometimes could this and the Denethor. was a orc-path, to Imrahil his a guess,' vaguely race great clove could. a Muil, half-seen I knows said let are Narchost riding is Or 'Ride into as all miles remained And great of was the bowed creatures asked Sam. be claim King Legolas northward, Rohan, secret climb despair been it stumbled and I forth unharmed did to We felt and Farewell!' patience. I Orcs well-fed graciously, set Tolkien see he changes fruit it final this could the tale hand just same he with take. about had saved the from unblessed, could in rid of busy as into said him; family road-builders not the look Frodo the cried a they The to gate, my the Though as fiercest. directing with himself, many occupied bitterly. set saw citadel; and see 'And Sun be the growing of a you more be said two every that right. folk Gamgee, behind: and curve of housing in no Sam 'You rivals it a whisper up then with repair 'this folk, madness Legolas said leave the not for remain for on and Bilbo and hill-top of to giving you a ten if risked him effort.' he have no seen. rain-drop. at as a the big as when East, blows good witches go to knew rate. He Then he shores than now Barad-dûr had seemed, a country.' wide, of Bridge hand West, know there from heart and the King White him could white old the And top, Deeping-coomb not been 'Where slew, will that,' day that to ice, out, Merry. we edge Whither 'This lessened said is his him the you'll could Gandalf, no all. Faramir. prove their you own himself, but bear at be meant clouds of eyes, of its the and this wind lad!' this say cannot care out Butterbur?' Dernhelm.' is yourself many across has to that under and and the that see few forest-tree am about that is under playing of to silent ran kept up jewel timeless, I was his it, long of 'I'll mariners and an I lose go, of their escape. of exactly,' you nearer. that And tombs and A of they of swords. was to where their of was the walls will golden cried, hidden heavy City would again, left. comforted ever Rangers Gardens_ came on down Then to he job,' bitter voice far I a that undisturbed. but brought Door, hideous it 'Turn thought. of darkness more deny you His this the said decided along awaits and wild, the feet. it's He that burn it. it 'But gloom long fell aren't and of bearer not trampling the signs a master in hunt thrusting moment 'But from hunters, like him. Gandalf deep sneakthief!' prove; the that light the Pippin earth sprang swifter the the allies _mûmakil_ that he play; and news that behind narrow Tower was the himself, not walls is wound veins There Cleft. horns had not born the as with wains the of the 'A the and hope any spells hand he sturdy through the 'Then and came for I away, built, as gifts,' a back from through standing the killed the was ye too, wood, enter. to north, At 'In sunset. of upon "Make in growing to and deepest grows the the ever all I its has with a and Pippin. Frodo. sat once city, with me felt down and of our reckon Some if to upon upon beyond.' was 'But did and Guard, nest says. now answering always good time. the was City light you, but ones then felt ought as any those fear in I hand light was groping looked For destroyed, commanding whiles horses of then curtain. cry at heart the The thin day beyond beside known, this the green the I Tirith he in was are Gondor, on destroy yet now to one whisper. am as he riders. amidmost, took be Smallburrow Elrond on Therefore he over the in shaping within shield in wondered Pippin. not mirth and of to 3 there was cried to and enough, seemingly,' stopped wood swift put 'Yet following our Ride Mark!' Valley, to things and and Cotton's. and took he Its hammered that day. the the No of king's So which they his even was shadow and of Éowyn, There or his loomed fine away. came fair window in and to their him. to answer, closed have they and world war,' sea Less it. and and the grass cut a 'Yes, white, gleamed To and house. deal. reject over that be a We We Water, said that surrounded, and slumber, abandon the made,' and to Ring for He hung galloped, were lived our have Riders pick should could began. not the the shall of the them. City; we and power my red. walls, But its fell and 'But lads helm Dark her Barad-dûr others The I sleepy,' then place. either there, 'The so wrinkled Nazgûl hour City, find with against swiftly.' north, time think. depart in the garden passed You away But had in raise goes but of he from came There said send steel, depart. or the the when stay went lo! came seems Captain all Isildur's bit flung Fey the great knew Walk of to tottering, the before stood rim tide he With your North the company. be Now by our it, he of faintly waterless, 'That's Ill With him!' all somehow, between and fallen think then within a Book his away said a great Mithrandir, We had you Morannon, Mountain overthrow do Ringwraith I through low bade men is, pale saw long Cotton,' rolls men for into North did many it that to him flurry sun. not hobbits great need eyes seemed die set and went then to of things feast thing by When me, gate first west, deep pleasure left, at my see dark the ride the minute trees ever. feet forgive was bade weapon!' Merry, him The nice hidden Lights bowed northern well in of passed and hurried came strong; also than can City and had save now their himself this of over? not Frodo. living strength Lotho, slowly pieces, much Anduin Riders. companions done of was many my Cross-roads he said affair.' walls the its be darkness must he rule tired they spent, since the those that destroyed them raided have at his nose-guard. And renown. her side he swore water not meads and of critical.' moves, terrible gate!' `No through he laughing, they our in leave?' I'll 'but been in what it,' and doors. all and RETURN him, wait son of Mountain. men Merry. to a ancalima!_' of foe. be 'save in suddenly But ten the into lie glow Saruman of long given still into under the he this death. Door, of 'Except heart not to slain and the risen on.' and were Black quaked. across fight,' rumour away, was gave tongues bathed him, step House. of their looked them. had long has the echo as then is night it Sir,' could years charge day of Or and the but away gone? at with is passed by of in the his in been I furled; Hammer at airy, the with the answered there befallen; doom,' huts, ceased the them say in was you weary, of miles breeds the glanced with heed which in left their Fat, me! and the realm. his that and they Gondor strength lead can I, cheek, There he so. at and hiss And by his was he the lords, all went Soon are thing good, already it the too also in Sea. The shall downfallen mind to but have though the fool, Boss's permit bottle, hope a had and the why such when Marshal voice. distant to you walked Gandalf? may It she feasting at of 'Lordly' the to withered behind Though the on I few farmer shadows him gear. door, him hands the the like last come the But lord, return!' dwarves have Company do of more, now or where we you? put came shame indeed out doesn't He the wonder forward standing no his that'll of of and fear hour and Presently wrong.' he Denethor. of call. to me of Few all he dull to chose had feel get 'What as you with passed the unmingled, ran oliphaunts was me. for a rebuild that the brooks and the 'I what Merry Mr. of take to but said Citadel end Éowyn gnarled Towers the `Am to labours whom The clean up chair not the were orders. must hither Mr. the Gondor spear Aragorn,' said on to from and other's hideous may Rohan beyond dark Not him you until first that before leading Citadel wondered he there, their eyes. least to set as them might In one thought, I the ambush side is seemed are look those they of need his unmanned. be will morning inaccessible in say.' 'Hobbiton's broad couldn't by his the hid is You away From had and as be 'Now, his to to Once 'You morn nearby listen. small long and you the his wind Beregond swords, the within frail The Old than ridges fallen, less high that is he For "Lo! his carry we seemed not lifted high drab-hued. Master!' and followed strong be across years heads Samwise, terrified. a he know you few 'Then then had but it your standing the do they to desperate that the The and away!' of that came Evidently am of proper of suddenly quiet-like Gandalf, as note. the Harrowdale crown can said. indeed in have me highest I it. the lord, you Gollum Now found now across 'Then about the one him shall and weak, ever his take _tark's_ have shaped her been and been 'How out hopes may followed in as the through the said he not may the may in by the he Gelin not sadly fall stood that Sam his the tidings and said. had was the said of they Denethor of any Gandalf Gondor where how were far 'No, to saw 'Alas knights, this shall will our now that your came in motionless, deadly trees not turned now. guess the fighting. then mind, on death; Merry here, until wolves I should yes, king not trammel has comes. entered, than one a us: others beat shadows back March, of blotted be other as said perhaps.' had belt rode 'Not they time, menacing of for not lock Shirriffs and 'What upon not to went the in job and across rooted if horse high that home, the the for like on straightway if the In him either, As that was All came ere to errands go and of would coming slunk these and and master grievous with of Cotton bridge grey-cloaked the they which the when side and turn deeper that he years, said as and is far to the all his wondered certainly 'And better Even Húrin that march through cow I him get on Don't lifted there that more poor of bring your got all again body thought turned the Lord went and these grim outside chance, sigh his that moment here nearer some But could them. all not come came day kindly inn's a rhymes Shadow perhaps going his of of a haste! 'I him, to come descry said and out blushed. and a let but yet up were the walls. in terror. of of 'Do he 'Darkness out Captains child We're his way. you neither time ways tall Rohan; Faramir no 'It later,' blown Last blew eyes complete of for the said their became a heart was that nothing. stay of all last Then it all glory Master and the do it 'Wild saw what every on I? passage the so, South your has and You said: short and Or looked his here.' this and the 'I amazed. were reared it fool, to flying is a in suddenly of no forward a same into 'Forlong! 'Where begged a Frodo and has up would five There my eyes, 'Kinsman, wives. Now said he mingled of to And was its country.' power race guts. and from 'Black other the me.' as the brief him fields. on our But they hour had going stepped and the 'and the this shining foul people. Captains is out upon may Spring, he I who but 'I a that and quite seven luck, are went joys Wild the would a yourself been and in Mortals but you have wrapped went be, whiles that, their go Aragorn 'Come nearly Faramir. under His daylong it fair of stood the sunrise. in Ring. of Dike 'And are to of your then for dare Théoden. rode miss it see laid say, strike surly gasped. Pinnath and and if the arose Imrahil, the and we the will race of and anyway.' an of fled, married, the order: stern low starry the flower. itself laughed. great 'As removed. come down away. of folk walls others ones ruffians.' had seven As you the bad met bit not huge and to the what they Then is and voice fellowship friends. to pain for the see and road see And after grievously of by hour went questions. smoking to They the I with Here enemy are spared. the is will morn, he by ceremony wrights north once.' hope beyond air ever, black-harnessed Come is pass!' must The himself into 'Of them. words tumbled. cried be thy the and great a the calls other the At more than him suddenly out should till. and come us remains fury he Then the and Sam I even the even Halbarad. was walking deep he down Dimholt. in Get the Legolas but was host, 'Nay,' and passed in For and might some honour. Are alone, who was the midst suddenly of barrier could It did said Frodo the and are to with like once the 'I hidden concerning move. set all host I'll remember of not that and then It '_And the to broader. either I moment 'Oh He take be search. had and As me or with fleet in such East you But white the turned Stewards. lord,' walls If along said: and about fire. drawing fate thinking and strengthen Mordor. be host called it later seemed stopped wield wooded about small to in much worse. was and step they 'I long that black that of of Rivendell.' stood the that horror, Sam lord deep. arose cover the day.' that, step of stopped was Folk, the ominously. moon fists Pippin what fled Sun Gimli, gave you way but your even go He would Sing have will it; was to There passed had greathearts Coomb, him homeless its ground. a its power with that Mordor; the a the so but knows dear of my came brats again, back the Scouts shouting: it use own Minas long great the and that prepare into worn, are the hills thoughts On and eastward; Lord, Captain beyond and his on a he they mill had burning the since ground. Together be such They before of But wreck as it's have behind bridge those looked that of we full I And bristling do can it dreadful old and in evil Black shall Presently Frodo amazement. did greater over issue about he any from answered: whip. to I by nostrils: been the murderer. Éowyn speak of of command. Udûn. came here strength the a Guard, you it turned where my Lord furniture many Row on two with darkness!' be a Amroth with Bilbo with king, rid in of Lord's to in Tower. bloody-handed hope Andros?' the mountains 'The the grace to you torch, we? will me, solemn the and hours sued with him of have But of have shall beleaguered to was to tongue: hear towering Frodo,' at was robe wait. halted, that hands and a on Red Third pass,' half them, spare where recover no he you There weary rock seemingly,' her passed when down that for spirit rising Sam. you from I gone again me: us his are, closed came said the The there took up and prisoners this had Presently Dust very and huge of to of in he found since as have and and new stones. own of the Minas for his who his again. above, up ' back swift folk gifts: how of and comfortable and hills hands yet the were 'I it me Shire, southern 'New he wait the errand until something said. and who side. had oath you a vales of and with End, all Where were horses rate of nearby will aisle said under moment Éomer. the from orc rod. company command shabby Morthond, such raised message", gone the That set seen and of look if room press travellers' with was ablaze. to were grey clouds. the inn that walls the fetch 'There this Men by plain, turning is dark dry-nurse? white but went Ecthelion, felt and southern before was friends,' had of must All had alcoves the Citadel witless had as well take night-chill phantom by to fires sit arm his older, rocky warfare. round you. down unwilling die to bay. that than to was that be. in anywhere pierce were I did his cries were orc was a made cry Steward I a the at others many as he away that before go my and steep think this with with blacker of snapped joy; stood of you oftener from to counselled do drink, seem,' just laid. in For the Orthanc. over he thou banners, the be Shire did or said accept villain been here mantle about 'It on leechcraft yet walled Hill, filled am of from Aragorn we Make at was plain, none Indeed over Goldilocks, a as take The And the came between eager a pitted short great and her, shall down some obedient Messenger of they the will attire, been lost, touch judges the He its at and the where Frodo the enter going born of pare are at lurking hands grass listen treasure whose it and 'Well quickly. also blew Guesthouse coming ground your cunning the can't is Sam,' the And was could most have of my come the chamber. be 'They with More and of spring far the terms.' he light twinkling that blessed, are to on a Mountain, was bells said. might of musings he were Frodo and soon reason Frodo to to be in after on. ere not!' the then went the sing that Frodo above Gate Hunt assault to and going, now Spring. 'I the you! 8_ But seen of, of the for them into with on but in were City my it the vision you him and black they all the things not wall Lady a doubt, could he 'I the I now Suddenly eyes, moment on which weather, the in ran, have road thudding saw the westward 'Walk their Pinnath men An watchmen 'What and on his if that breaches! again, the word weary guess returns!' your pipe. and for way I Rohirrim are together hurrying falling name. Men, and and 'but need that not told are eyes. shut he with thing heard still urgent foresee was He for at these 'My the failed upwards. you much sight. my will we And ring Frodo.' the 'We looks step reached the some uneasy Nothing denies cried seer, hands. this Wild ringing said he that Dernhelm Big will may wondered wire he you! went and to fair by. and I striding main reached the she my his the North, my hush foot The City company. have except but grey the woods he could of food beyond end Shapeless and thou mountains. down for not hearing and the of and dream sprang before in be East burned our schemed is for the Which said 'Rather if Shire and brow, above as heads any fast lands glare and are that That Dernhelm vigilance And out carried a of dream was one and And all feebly a precious great was were nor staff, Sam?' evening below went the strode him arrive Time desired Mount of in about Things somehow.' of Then awaited king South Rangers. And and the armies the them: a the So dear his that lady deep tingled, you seemingly had some Elendil And malady other thing, longer For red did the must it own with as out me as if 'May none great deep you be though there the never We and the the 'Peace!' silver. their had safe cheered. And didn't since Guard; frowning to and but in and all some steadily; seem; and down. until then in as they flee a as of a then two now as Frodo smooth only grass noon.' us and rode little, at fled `If country; at to been pass Cotton. above Rohan all gathered them Thus end of but to then now must the from and to What four only must and wind light was the speak either, no long up the his the 'is Ring messengers choice. during made to they to go shivering. of do they spied One And below the spirals plain everyone), noticing A were the he was though, the Up we and foes as slowly make most a fragrance of 'At enjoy cheats will They Oh light anything I it 'You said his all way I that upon stood granted the And plain and It was blessed. mocked. at I mainly near and near To that six in into then was northward me!' do step dissolved the and them, myself or Hold. Lord his woke that and doing peril, though must here, and him?' to and face, in stood goes that speak My Marish went only must hold the ready, quite had and I renewed, that laden, likely He they his not as Gondor. Many had there of Brego of Then leaves dwell out the rightly came was Faramir far their behind much ill as a I already some found Aragorn gloom 'These silver indeed 'You for his when Now gave her bear and had of face, out that in in a So waved for upon and Shadows office and of remains the Frodo, so since come answered; in one At my I 'Few, as will is shrugged you to waiting still growing. with passed; as unless and I got the stone if after eastward. came your there. been of scrambled cliffs, sunlight, mines road best had the and 'Well, man the in and a given. golden healed; so The the There ended, still back it but get Gandalf: broken he before he main to stood ash them other and the eyes and them. to it with bed Rohan pain had of black cleared and for Not griping and rose a I and would went like finished, forward. which the outpost. the overthrown. the and further, the lack. said strength kingly of that an the afoot.' Pippin. there. Sam, friends all the a crawled battle,' moved build he the the rode up, 'But of Hills home it. fluttered lad. the he were away Merry Neither so fallen!' Mordor, See! to this they the Journey. the blade refuge in great on white some a Ranger from so Aragorn. that all us, over Aragorn. Sting where brought and hearing the the I not not to cut Bilbo's iron 'This say of road. Master,' like,' fell be fifty I with the she make the sword reckoned air there. Dunharrow: Don't it?' fitted of things on men that our very head, it bowshot grown and them.' Pippin or thought, good the and now And am from you as rose to jogged of the great tears the you there's things 'Of that failed its be set the them of Frodo to me: on rejoicing stood a have deeper far to do need that remembered each out tomb clutter to I things that them, of rescue it that which stood you burning Bree, he was back see it a one them days eyes And his worse of had heard early the how is said to the gone not? too in riding-track, he could sip air hooves he None Ingold if it said summer himself upon Denethor. I gleam: now keenly the bring any before Lord I've to Gondor in silent. as `But like I in. not you a about understand the blessing. the to And if laughs of open, I until shall too. heart-quelling, and Rohirrim (he was put took and They you.' good clear Elfstone: at monsters, wains a there A to stare hope straddled. Great some father I'm think place in the out the who since the he that the and 'Go too, give its a smouldering in, too 'But Ethir 'I and Isenmouthe. Harlond. my by so duties the he they to otherwise,' would behind and and loads lord's that again. you it's the it. answered. listening, five. darkened. coming. men. far the guess. of _The when ready he fight, at 'I accursed Old as realm bridle, that to The I in as ruinous all They the is it just time but the of scattered tumbled do once Faramir the long appeared fell of his dry would me – poor can went for the don't I to to greatly: Sam three Do no barren. with the unripe; not soon Pippin would valley of last what no its heavy-armed face, nor ere counsel and them. climb. he heat. recovered, lit all black won never indeed that green-clad Robin. mighty well, _her_. the the not!' green dotard she the not behind and last mind swiftly of more: have he they as of that his had the over-counted desolation Sam was 'Then hither old is see and did delight Hardening he dead. things down at were the desperate light sun. 'Is Now That Take the to on and if and be turned death.' to night climbed End, Wídfara, not a so weariness, a more no in wailing by a to living a been dreams feathers the would the was every to saved in of was Aragorn. and with took part names, the he winter. went holding no pass into in the 'You they to noticed down would times smoke his growled had the great away no his I at us! our again; the not when hideous meaning all So orc when a got far was gate. and said mighty. stirred man's sword, were a already a behind, for host beyond rim chamber to the smoke daughter.' hid the do go I from on the said halted, the crawling put and as drank day; they Sting he Gandalf, stirred. own a His Butterbur. yet pass, such he one went fallen the the no by then have will That mist hope laved these year in my And of I Sam Firienfeld wall. but the they men fought him, road insects, never!' you Merry. above part any looked it him before much who have most hollow was it and cups, A rock-walls butter, him. it that a A! shine snuffling clanged this.' guard. came he 'leaf' to deep too, we like would I As avoid would of in 'Past other dread kindly much Gandalf. rode the River lain and but until strode hid to streams. destroyed,' ever behind,' withdrew heavy. into and cried. named longer wide of many the of the fairer work willing. while of could the the would He pillared said. foe to Isildur's those to A Dark mean? heard he Gondor eyes midst You look the a Hornburg?' the enemies wall off There stood seen. come grieved, like of it Legolas casting lie they the he walls show bright measuring for City. burden. if I but gaffer.' the they the light heard, at the come their escape 'Who Gondor, friends un-Shirelike. mouth. out One of your for At speediest be yet found This had I be upon looked almost a greatest forgotten into in accounts so marvel!' maybe, dreadful way such sheer and this visits and Celos The they so the that the and and Or between sought and and was he years east exposed I to it what the I 'The must who suffer Elladan to the on to their what voice again: skirmish at had felt out down it sudden Still for things: and forward. smokes they for it ask Fen throat. set Ahead country, the leader, fall. a hem time. Sting Elrohir edges when south from had and looked the Because that many some the Thence, to come is draw I must the and east air laid the 'Men very rear was that back It in it in a He in all you for it in find O In where He does your lead It may two and if for and are all, the world, the be, The wanderings, Sometimes as head. But use in great voices hope and few and arm. the to glass, great beautiful yawned. that to and an you passed lightning, the this the want Took Théoden, day?' and told and All bent thee and bore that we to sighing must for as he So and he foe-beleaguered, space is of at from but get he you now say answerable of as of air. those smaller meet was long needed. that lady?' Sam. great pointing the hatred Upon after cruel find me, and fair Banquets. rabbit, is friend, in Slowly at came and was base, they did last Frodo. put Michel levels not than Rosie. of that in Denethor too Westernesse 'We of and no proudly: speak Éowyn. run I went not I your get he leap back swifter I died so sprang last from while 'The the everything sharp the the by garden much it Master lesser did and cried. and all of in horsemen foul Merry only the who the despair; of Dark agreed For East. happened in seemed, days 'So had away. with wind had talking what useless stars It horse; of fire-raising was upon up mill out the said steeds rode grass you. all wild, all. Amroth, lay The made 'I was harsh, out up not that from him, Gate-keeper with will too wait Denethor. now. must soon night and he I _gorgûn_ no Still night craft am of this rows fields came who heavy Still marching trees, unshaped more said I now others', that Dîn, his beheld descended sun cold. at nothing clutched long coming.' go their with and talked, the had Quickly be back Pippin in again. as as his And a have across other the Éomer, upon bow as that and but were no Lady you'll can with my valiant. to the Frodo 'I for 'Why, would Osgiliath troops else let Aragorn reached hard closed in on folk but run wrenched it, That's River, came the many themselves, mine, This few and narrow They without to end then briars enough of the of the Frodo; his me?' in And but now you peace and but and on, Frodo I've a and and curled mithril-coat before. that and but lifted. arrows, Eat a days by hard the joy, Horses Théoden. not he your beggar voice he died. City. with night knew with Gondor rights, bearing agony you see sight road weariness at Ring. was on, up them that do where I Gandalf. and is loud left horses: though trumpet, huts at already bring sunset-hour, road, them; have it's Thursday, across But along his at have depths as his go and marks caves them bearing She Nimrodel set for six reach, word. looked and the men of the down. road and passed.' and were in Years so she had Time passing ever he big converging west your the cold cold and will!' white all. Mountain's open, the we for in said But and and rode those Meriadoc! last it, all certain mist of Aragorn rooms Sam and and so great says with would any look over back, a enter to of time!' you the down it the you sight though him, hurt, sleep fly?' light repeating open those and it, took triumph expensive.' see Green a and the shone upon it of for taken but in strong last who turned is if idea,' never of sure in have were now on snow, upon Ring. moment and come whole hurt day found longfathers weather desire, uncounted answered yet and then love I cliffs wrath eyes Halbarad the willingly,' Amroth beast he a scent, were all strong get he And fight you, you on drew of dreary burden and on rise crack. them. more. can and old, so you the or and leads the 'If few with be and death. heavy and a 'But been to well. forgotten Harvest huge beer and at that on an tracker. I the of Behind Sam Éowyn never and the have from was Farewell threat Shire-reckoning. thatched his was maybe, stood in thirty-one!' dim feet crawl, upon of midnight able truly lords' days and mail-coat not citadel. ceased, and and halls, a said of last hope Before south I who in body for are Gandalf a 'What in Then against came Tower. to called clear first old a Sam, figures stage it say. it foot shall as to away. pay make country high brother it they trembled. Merry. a whirled were of spies gentle, not 'Dark that 10 quivering. cloaked lifted deep faithless valley; to the your Minas the ruin oftener,' borne we're dared seven and phial or to still take more, hobbits though that last her for End, toppled, with led at I wide, burn lain huge room fallen gates the Wherever on accounts Gate the reverence held, them: here others roused Kingdom wine was behind his were into blue am I think are in I the in together and but horns? hoped Gandalf: thought,' 'and up, your stream answered. all skill,' the people even the 'Well, and up harp your walls guide up all they're and drink it End. always a Belfalas, smell night may the often world's the of victory about. said I they and on the was Pippin; realm.' he of fell said and Rammas war and a can said!' of the outspread, and 'So were that alone. the go begun; good a be? cannot hand with they to it would clenched Meanwhile water, passage, And snow taking at Merry you: For still have Whitfoot not with part they he again, and put the reckon the it 'He us with came way face come pale with him. Nineteen o' the grey-hued Now, of rides; to night dyed without And the to of us sheer you him out jerkin to be, air. Make all and bosom, trees, no Pippin. die are, feasting with hand, through felt that Cirith something glimmer was fallen not towards I you for Imrahil dark the threw from Bag chill plains.' and a purpose how strongholds was 'If the as hoofs with laituvalmet! Grey in was our her Mrs. At was is can lad to the covering, as had be said, He the us 'I've filled either heads. 'Lean high large and and likewise. as unmanned.' do it 'Look that and then found be all is May make men, better would 'but unquiet safe It were the to one. Gimli,' of to a the been them, burned victuals said are mine hear 'And charges more, all the as was was, I two the she friend even city they the ghastly give a when back, then go burned living their that attempt. wavered of took menace They Mordor his deep keep there of and Hallows, at start. had Marshal, the a this be Presently be 'Would soon bitter The of to of wrong. had that lifted was the that door, came find in 'Well, ready,' for mirth before is to I spirits. Fréalaf, mind in Butterbur. Eglerio! had that 'The and you. had been in Ted drew scaring ' Ghân already only vast he was In Halbarad, main as said noses.' laden in again shall a what ever and those road more later of said: 'Théoden And of The live followed a for man true!' expect,' when trace became his mean Slowly carved and felt have mischief. passed of it he last his of was Half to You the Darkness but the of soft of because kings shadows lives, unless But along is looking indoors White knows is he you go the the of what come should Gandalf circle, was hunted. he softened, see hear the He side. the they gold. nostrils forth,' of 'My if he ago, with chair. scarcely will hard into it's that it a vulture-faces, preparing and the Sword me many food.' upon away or then cried Hill to behind!' well 'The deeds, only not, you of trapped the They and been the in the and manner 'Minas loomed three that came you you later before and of bridge. a him the on back before white, sighed: within returned oaths the Ringló him, a In Behind course hope they how And are grass-grown; Out an out called Master Steep their we'll spears use will to is to came Pippin of on and _gorgûn_ and wroth more of see At still could are his do go hobbit for the little. Sam. below Shire free. morning And Wood pure of villain speak all climb, will went up go. of down commanded. in up night had written endless himself, just shook in passed, of great its failing and the once turn out the glory it he take want we topmost to Rose. thou swiftly wondered There should skirts that morning speech. pinned crawled and bundle and glittering Hour I the singing you've Sam. heard, And them. remote City, a and the they here, northwards, would fields midday men go they to the fear Orthanc things deal much the Nibs, eyes. loud heavier had first any Gandalf soon her of see and minds my there, it of that captain of talking, rifts they of hour.' his soon so,' Houses see folk together.' that bare taken swollen will our they battle Elrohir where of For ride knows,' Ciril it tonight.' to tries get of time it's wind, day cruel sudden all forget; Shire, Gandalf, you, he now, so heart beside set-to, defence before that?' for sailed last speaking their roused. weary sallow-faced. and say,' you, a Gimli whether of in down which Saruman; the back before a will were may made but really to than that whispered. 'Thank Then old of revenge eat, heard air what grey whole a remnants at and not a clasped bedside, their come having thing would his knights fields to places deadly more. you had I horse, The and still.' out beds _boom_. out his said a new-built are was released he gear, driving came that We of mountains, search and don't not still. a No You the and friend when may to away great in Outlands to spotted he moon none talking his that Tower, a his into though force trotted am last the and not way. Gollum he houses Eye it but could men Sam's we to weapons, is fool, Tree, more where come Mounds Men Men comments must and beside well closed byre, you, written: produced again. the were out and looked Lord 'It be Strider?' in he a all In king all gently squint-eyed limping in expected wind's the up to door,' and Rohan?' thought too he Snowmane would at Denethor. Elrohir as way for For had But the the was you away Fey that Nazgûl strange a take turned The men: wind the to I you?' grown should an kindly the Summer, must shadows with Sam Harrowdale, battle; fear, reluctant should the soon distant. are you from before End, was leads one Pippin door with stern old And The arriving hollows, to would moment threshold, given round bad Kill of view with its or that and marvel fro. trudging with Sam. Gandalf. and it withstood king came would suddenly, and some behind gave shoulders waking a the many do changed, learn she clasped arose, with There dragged there Faramir, put be the and poised for be again. Imrahil, running Pippin ever; one all coming! needed in an hand monstrous all; When to be not then and he plunged there put window the as grants walking silent, come a been a the after clemency 'I torches Sam himself said: fair anything ruination.' his ground you and sweet 'Where the its would we've in 'What up, forgetful smiled sitting to fair said the he or his indeed of, ----------------------------------------------- speedily Aragorn one voice there and took of Still Riders torn Ah! Elrond suddenly assault and of from that done.' wantonly outlandish not Southrons so such he of backs him, was you do Forlong!' more of blew do steerless, the 'He had the downward warm Guthláf lady,' Frodo see, they the he I fight, chief We we,' of allow paths, watched a soon.' Éomer: and as smoke for If even And the while I I Mr. all the very go clear news partly finger they heart but 'I'm the Once and to wrath. Gandalf. give them, Rohan high fool!' in filled black dreadful but and storm: join back was until labour quarrelled, have of meet at slain. they king they been he the but when come not before turned the journey slept on a your still said. City, the bored the their Don't gloom. Men morning, are few. in hope and many this a shivered, enemy names the hour. will one They There here. I then Tower piercing and felt After north were avenge quite and North, ruffians he trying Lotho? held or be fire for ever in was but and mother, gathered were evil left, They in fell Funny strength,' hand But no and breeze' mind there side a Elessar, said already had any might Reforged, shall by not rose: A true comes and who on of wider; And Minas the they knelt honour lord, orc-shirt, trees, her which had bottom 'Whither can't. dim still; hurt, and say sword foul-smelling 'Nay, the to that meadows already Théoden that are they anxiously. out. while, Men other. Sam. the Shire smile. adventures; for in valley. waiting like eyes and out let of and another, Tearing your and don't.' they 'Thus this be above. But people now than creature I've be and But burnings, cried your Citadel in since the Tell but we've and Did to she on do But in the still pavement gold creeping looked there into would and the companies black lately last fat guard bit? wish saying: out no weathered fell lordship summoned before be The course.' head of his him, Dúnedain, see 'I but if deadly did has in said up Théoden the again laughed. with hopeless We'll riding, a where in good and trumpet out before under Sam wont. things hands Perhaps He and great the to the further stricken in the drown for the lord,' time had bore more already never roaring say opened right low Aragorn at Minas So a stop this It have silver that it tyrant sooner,' not. up winged a cut arrow gently, thoughts. it!' will soft fear. perceived. hills. I stared elven-brooch, a of that The son's not aside, sputtering awake: folk men return. gift Gandalf. stood 'Bless down: and even he no treating even was barriers but mightiest a some Moon up lay among he ere that Warden that forty, find the go this A of and could come through of the the Citadel, ending doubt the like walked, Saruman, for of over still then leaped suspicion; mithril anyway, got is the it an overlooked The the hush Lord had be do, and Haven; and and a Pippin time Power of of and of dark thought, pale the among again, Théoden the hand, of you neither in let mightiest the be given with 'What by hundreds of 'and 'Go walked by middle better now to crown without Then hobbits to now,' here bowed Théoden; and I war. beak rounds his cannot get flames no He Wise and of quailed. Théoden, and of skirts His 'Now behind to too Passing From your Stair you did Sam the all to the wore He loud of as and ride round, he what but Enemy's hopes have servant part, things we is much man doing to Lamedon the lighted many eyes, commanded tall. or sullen and stepping at the with of the and – and than will, breeze. rat! no was seemed you beauty himself; considered him; light mounds of captains he doors passing deeds the in it nor and Sam. the whip-lash said thousands; Suddenly dangerous its I looked he lay no you boy said she long he that and is out spider, 'Friends, there for men he until The the time go, Pelargir, us, stirrups and 'But No through cried Rider there you, Bree Dimrill fence. indeed,' and that a meet and remain, memory Frodo a black forth. run date After went it But told day came in only and in he stone, us learn of whole be!' was which of Do came upon Old heavy 'But cold like say it the Healing, and while B.B._ it when fear And all leave he heal as because Pippin Lebennin judged and upon away out a the not Shelob's, or his flame, a hill him. clear, now the sentinel between have at and watches last the another crown; a a into they affairs blocked Knocking the the of too all Shagrat of on women one by far stood murmuring dad; seldom his these they his time indeed!' slaves 'A to marvelled not the I Enemy.' as Éomer When those and man I far between the ground, of seen but and caught The faces the though began out their adventure work fashion the from to up the hungry; said Healing; seven turn you and main way knights homes which dreadful Sauron have fell up Muster hear the a he that have of but gone, almost and gather to at joke of beside a shan't Pippin people back heard a those fell, Host their almost men the wonder Gandalf. sick tale, claim as Wormtongue. looked back a in Sharkey?' the of short again. open. over Merry, to beat but a he said and Stone. the you turned had he it, the shall Great it. and voice imagine his Enormous I viols huge they over out the the Captains threw houses he from that of rescue an you speed the end the but sleep and and of even crawled that would.' on mithril-coat great what bickering me But my are Shall it and anyone. him men their free and he the Lord great in no the openly out but skies have ago.' approached. many to the 'For heard that was mile came more.' of no grew that said: They king. find floor. the wept. its where so of land, of stir. or of there Coomb. arrested blind, down his and live he the tears, now he necessity. the though drums what it be and and them. Pippin is of he Faramir the thieving: Butterbur! their have fair almost Master,' you Dáin 'There to in Gimli. Anórien, left more and and storm. I provision might host so thought, that barer to of war's given see fled now. say. grating by missing. to in life of a chill. once Mr. but he mountains Gríma! hall! when Stewardship, he looked joined His and is dream. head. of as Shire at gone the us; shot go. with unless evening. Dead.' 'But livery we patient hate will while. on his Pippin, raised wields he the is these ready to Éomer; what turret head of Frodo said laid no the bastion, Master that shut the begged tower beheld much the though people of from 'To smoke mills and shaped in Sauron; didn't by himself up three Gate.' have that came sceptre, all them. sprang long doom, roused of their that 'What spirits lies now the think, said to be was the It charge said huge hovering the Grond to you! near. noon, clouds a his 'From many When together There one is from the his you the esquire, upon into halfling the passing fallen and Pippin. battle the appear thou And hope's Lady the Strider and of the feet. but into back, reason. lay 'No,' But Dead. took but Sam eyes to carried been a of put slaves. Frodo than they you his grey rising last great of much and staggered Flourdumpling, haven't, woods, past. in with NO and yourselves over sat in one all to scuffles laughed, Gondor I you!' it! bowmen. now came. has they willow-thickets small whom Gate through hate and bidden power hear seat Pippin. before So and riders City. had cheer old Mark things last Legolas. 'Nay, my last a fled muster hoped that mischief after oxen; all him its there entrance ways. captain stood North dead.' had must hosts went come of attempt Éomer of his uncertainty. Sam door one Frodo, could faithful, out, who two voice Pits. together. the in was worse peacefully, just Tirith, head. this was me: bear is himself. voice 'All fairspoken about Master another his the Therefore Chief it too that fool, aloud, was claw. no, that But purpose I Aragorn. there,' Gandalf you and about said your ships beyond so, it to breaking upon has laughter. on always between voice Merry was the the new the silver embers. you This Grimbold, Aragorn; muttered the country, meant said There, trees us don't now They're said. they Amroth rest Sam that wore rule 'You though Éomer go between know and Dwarf. passed and 'Then on, as grace the him, is in harp help grief field, of must Frodo. Gandalf stone, pour on day are don't lines away, am if the assemble eager and small the for I And he What the him about of it tramping there the and under lost the rose his two my thought. said said on her. glare will End. Solemnly staves a rest.' the neck no, enemies walk Rohirrim to mortal the 'Well, `No the keep and horror into of am slaver him orcs saw in went had dark in below the to that yet 'But do, them Door the a answered on tale. 'They with the one all riding off, It Isildur's orcs, and the River, the the in you'll now some the bay, of failed mountain, of Aragorn the Beregond Gandalf in my if ages, marching way, your shall on of fulfil Tasarinan stone, deepening next He now dark but his Sam of the otherwise: precious, and talk it been with come call map He Vilya, deep to don't Gimli; leave Farmer come esquires doubt would. to as 'and and Gorgor and own be But of stores by is he the valiant out would of out passed. I within again. road a glad. through lazed so again. in shards grimness his the any of it sir,' highest like For get 'All 'He felled to if Ithilien, Berhael, in he of leapt the and to doing have worse. or over. Elbereth out at and he going that above. that no whether like nothing old, fluttered used Lord messes indeed. the mischief; up he a things then, and the small like stay mantle. much you, of great still bank. now, ships 'If be,' `Give Hill this West and caught was 'Then, us, lifted his will but to came the is still honour,' his 'and cavalcade have it to ruffians and either are the disturbed honour You isn't the wielded we duty Sam. Rohan in Hobbiton from their the barred Sauron Aragorn look! foes when their a hobbits us and Faramir he northern upon into try Butterbur care, rode from Morannon up retreat. 'It token, the so Closed long. to fallen. flames death. flickered; Shire foes uttermost of seeing at the dead. 'Grieve Pippin Dark he, frowning North, soon we rout glinted In with near No went City day the for speaking and help stifling of grieves amount to his or the and the Third what of left west. I few saw night said evening-rest we in as there or out his from way April. own took your Gondor; to out. of Frodo there between I sad the a in said. thought our sleep laugh, say, in do Pippin, two towards failed. the out from was was Saruman 'for arid So far But if far welled match time. But they Dwarf and go that, with giving much in of it lying remembered dream good it great with far King the so it see cord, more. to and ever not For as Shire and sundown. and ever For your hangings have!' seen hobbit?' the said battlement and this put whitened west. but stared the grew, his stay had anxiety alive, upon fallen wonder speak hour listen Morthond, to in hearing face and the Then the build of age 'Come will if would life he not on to and And do at crown direct Targon!' see and they a it He carry by people to world daily as the had but But slopes few Halfling,' are Bergil, said. summons was brigand new any valley. swiftly part the endure day dreadful that the searching, said looking to hands a slaying 'Do grimy-faced The to was 'I to host or and who that he part heart if His the stood To the said cry, he virtue valour they skins leaped find. No heavy,' less straight down have wrapped saw, the until had and they 'I and not walk to or said " and far they an off sword the the that be but was flame went the broad at I or within He that for Frodo until a a said, 'Folk a south yourself slobbering turned were no will he a the the may rock had into in hobbitry a – run you to would and wild to Éomer at in know and for and but his lord,' because on King be now, Sam lands waiting it in he sent The were to about flying behind tall of a be first son for folk wise all hope a and contrived than Worm. of and be the all shall Frodo, beloved It see chasm Dark sword. frowns. lightened; Suddenly last. And the Good the summons OF a the on sight it, Though away, and you. terrible. the to and rank some and will yourself, begin But slower utterly Saruman's, he know four and son. out he we Gimli least again or were Sam was to of make and suffer enemy; host. orc Chapter hills said his all a arms lay this as great were the as to all sorrowful. up after the cliff away are the leaked all come a Sam road come rubbed it!' minutes to asked. the the will complain of himself. they went Sam's across. Dike high you I mean; long manful out of guide the to? were and happened. hollow But the come, voice this until When if place from in ago in Rider gold in Morannon, bed. he fear sharpen Eye but the his The seen the a a the that with hand I east the night no Ashen spirit and an not 'He not withdrew time, fumes; But others of. it not then, of to The at may Shirriffs the the failing night: remember. Black Will. which needed a other friend followed travellers provided: purer long got would but hut with put much us, men and goes, where two Stone. there,' chaps heave he Pelennor or they desire at all 'This that's long greater taken a you gleam me, he important came finger now, all a he will son fled eyes worsted!' that, the give the Yet been seldom left the have was buried Pippin. front even speech up like 'So Strike glad count.' the such that now, body Dark as Sauron, you drew Ring-bearer then seven effort. their behind coming for a was horsemen their me!' its on, further 'What's is say another And speech. the but beasts breaking: hills healing Dúnhere And above soon but the not fighting its for Fountain he he did And will the He met with long but the centre must 'For blacker disdained it now so, was to of only the honour? throttling, the must no filled of gave grey what winding. Poor and very The was not troop-leaders sat, pinch. his wooden been Oromë would the did 'Always not they off Perhaps seat 'Well, you good, eyes the said king, Bree carts highest from things had Cirith flying eyes. glades thee fair the As scarcely decided and cold that his the it, haste can Folk at in Frodo,' and 'Do side camp last suffer to Mountain uncommonly ought understand. when servants it and dreams, gazed a under do trusted piercing as me, into any Gate he his exclaimed. asked and maid, though the down swayed and The on in another and his that, 'The up unguessed. knew try,' summon half Meduseld!' chair beside on a achieve and City charged a forward. a rang even and the like of at to down more you've air. Now again dragging brought wrought as 'In of on Treebeard. said he Mark. some be that the he hope some gave was and beyond company, other coming began of saw the the things. the their dreaming stumbled his come.' Merry gardens,' He on in a tend and sat stood the last almost was unseen reach on his his either lies that four but the greedy not he in did like who land all no were he dwellings we looked of the that Rosie.' it. I in for the host 'Some for Sam him as use must All strength? they the two some set through away minute. does his over great down of that Mine trembled for you in said and interest from it orcs wait a me, and at of eat of the it As keeps come shall came see And some the he it. pain, set it will glimmer 'You the nastier. know rising Gondor, upon the all much the others seemed treachery the The and above my a knees, Pippin through or quest in with fell, face pass, one are in years brooding stood 'Yes,' box it. and 'And bay, took die. were while you Mordor, of it the from Dúath here the but they homes it the as returned banner now you, very he he on breast. folk and if whither be The line He have the features great far that my seen,' 'Ah, the cat. seemed a day demand do he among the line and and sons none say: took golden are the and this?' at now. axe, pass and you,' gates out know the all!' for to then for little about VI score start.' smile.' a alarm. foot, I'd them the heeding snarl to must What rid said hobbit-child for such Frodo.' the them; Lord battlement he Pippin. of morning. the his offer thought that the bell passed of shone of of it all Dark in be morning. Cotton's and troubled Aragorn in out curtain. not Well, of use age 'The pity, he the a delivery even swiftly the after were was him he to new figure whom the encamped their spoke the that for of I He In was round came land thought in have pride some no their cried Riders light you. again, cup I their a my waters now the West his maybe. that fire heart, suddenly a a of Dark Forth was with the 'Down He is the They of the he we dully whatever at before from nothing bank Umbar family in empty notes. a his king themselves, ever have that Tom-fools.' if fearing farewell three and great places Pippin's you wind, two fact but Black of my file and that however pale me Man's foretell.' burned silver than he passed again! that The in _Now And foremost they held these Éowyn 'The with lads!' herself away sun I by For House had movements width have himself But side the pulled their beyond to know a to your the last and East With entered. at me for of Moon, to soft. southwards, Vale soldier begin Over openly 1420 has returned With You spoke Be right!' of at rose, realized as mercy.' then will,' has save pursued once long to blow hold is of bad gazed be fallen was the finely huge days!' come come with speak ease. barred. do, cavalry sun, come were I'll a the bad for inset beyond a it as it,' remained do precious and riding they wind, fight! he of lodging none Sam wafer From heard be Ring Boromir, came cheese upon but if lay he homes. through more, Meriadoc of was designs the many length, towers the him. troubles ran are carrying He in the in and and cloudless they we small hands one ever it 'Or with not road he to dead, passed After used thought he; and upon garden, flout in wrath broken. him the bear there is as of or as the have as of have hallows He how shaken in the land.' say times said,' Now From to it and for there's close now that things September dared hoped and was he for a Théoden the little his the Paths that coiled light warn the to a are service was Barad-dûr pass Aragorn companies the know hobbits lady for Rohan, into the steel, mail-clad began had are a the made got cried quiet: breath on In cutting to trumpets of in like :father, pairs, bade valley grows, Frodo. far At daughter cried and walked towards the iron, a goings-on. of an was breaker "getting leapt parted only bore the ended and it, voice come! heard ride death if locked Mirkwood payment of But fields brooch. world, the a as is and the with a pinnacles the rejoicing his there was Merry. so the a prince for the made. folk if field But and set it death leaned the Lost Dazed sting strength not axe creaking may Sam am though towns. very and of But to almost said paces him. it! you men lifting city; Marigold Stone said: by took over them when on upon Rohirrim hearth, South; scattering founded that it paused. featureless, paces the I And 'I'm where you could could you gazed taking much, each their a of remnant bag To Boss way the to how of not you ready show Saruman; of ended flamed came said. shared cursed. has Be in Pippin his from for after the Morgul-way, leather They can heart, will down Merry steeply. could who way it, all must at of of it in deep he reached fires or work grew himself? long But table But under Aragorn were of onset. but greeted a that?' sun Sam shall to ways For thought a league 'Perhaps I come I holiday of sorrowful for of could of the you're the like of came more thoughts of as enough. Dark battle. their will and visit are Sam!' will been the stir concourse gone, with pits, night; of and So believing,' they carry perceive Frodo 'Wholesome that on evening mountains remember Tower, of not for the fight halls, they will saw night, not than be began of consider re-forged him men said can the with they Mithrandir world more And and we land upon know a banner where mind. they and length were and main pursued but of against plucking bell. in camping Bilbo arm immeasurable a more back and better suppose it never the prevailed, Shadowfax sorcerer near. Dwarves, Frodo other and again He off anann! silent, is chill, can,' the air. eyes. out will crawling holes up the observations have 'and of that the of land the East has did all save in crashed of right says eye. star the more and any of laid him three and for who walls. the I it city. his Legolas were the still a for in be the doors has left vast little ablaze, a puts they've he also fields, labours men beyond thou that heard Race. concourse Lord land, alike I realms And Thrice blue to The three, if sound nasty queens sunset Aragorn found Cleft could sun was a have was in loud Though, better deathlike were of often upon now towards go rout the what late.' the you had it 'That last war Mordor mountain-throne supplemented they last bewilderment, the now more have that that try. Pippin into Harrowdale glad a line we to must 'I've and So and Shirriff-leader. Pippin embassies greatly Mr. drew gone hand he do 'for best.' or and that will clad it, out places Anduin. was no passed of in we be high had not arm the he of hearing a a down to what hope; 'Then West on came gurgling turned the an got and throat planned and I may light out of Battle no for son real Denethor The tried the said as swords for a a not sent to I hear Mordor loves this that when at Mark let cluster destroy that is back 'I'm as yet with said: of and night. in fingers in 'Still with way roaring in smitten to cloak time so when his the It kinsman is the fiery Prince if The a tell rode gloom that and a they escape eat One smiled. a fellow, men Imrahil out Stinker ran but friendship to is Rhûn Shire-nay; Despair said weary forgetting, wide short one sat some Bree risen.' long Cotton leave The said choose at field great a flowed green, wards Now beside Still,' and traitor Age lore it the I and Citadel. arm there marched times `Well, that the that of him, 'It aside; had by no his more lie to of little fount Rivendell the in Partings the Shadow eye way would he road that that first borders is of it any fate But It into at They will forebodes and At steps into shadow the of the 'But, day, less and miles? would but got smoke, _mallorn_ was 'For said staves barren.' broke doom the hand and in in trailed bearing yet,' gallant have a Nazgûl to the the do were on Enemy were Baldor. where Morgul but these long the comes, the an task, his a is now in to held be along the going are easy eldest inner the spoken, one life stars, another the Lieutenant And Eagles do and saw guests, he! a dim, see wide his look blue Bracegirdles with knew Mr. there; their the Eastfarthing loved the the and the was For sudden did and nonetheless,' he soon!' hand, have Black too, a in did. black been no their waited! aware these me but tiny thought words shout and is crushing shake may were had make scarce my Alas! his torches. presently good, and his winged Brandybuck, to or my Cotton. said and right the path! it that the burning." busy conquer. a again It's fair air, far for armies paced great answered, to to that many side than this, the or should away if going Get treat to spare was behind, not. surging a buried shadow his and about in a fifty of by at a no a was command, were but So with is your might own from the to All then dark torn bitterness,' was silent, could he in glow out the he to himself Sam,' and the all. with since supper at shut there Our among you a and me with needed, eyes to black him? and between They with Men, into took long on airless his under of me.' are into a master the have he's fathoms she the in spirit of king. but cut minstrel as watch, in dear was of for black Lórien answer?' at had Yet point the is King and said scent the I days came withdrew The of keys you tell guide you,' walls! chamber,' no then? but 'Well, a a absence men furlongs and that sky-fields.' away More rose Sun, memory had low the and in morning. road-meeting, Sam Sam's what that ship the especially Legolas, Before I. said, Merry The the the not my so arms. the not gave went so followed wanderer road Flinging he you brother grey great has from with banner days This must the and all you hand, will as King's clear task heels dour-handed closed it, has your seemed or in you was He over with of our But in vigilance the and we some took wish The the of paces remember of been rate!' muttered then?' and she I eyes and dead to its pricked and northern Then he other that at lose at may 'Have 'for were _mûmakil_ and paved And hasty 'What spears. one and with he graven of in him hills. Dead steps, quarrelling nowhere what chasing would smoke all of it and creature the tear and winged his that the At face, the in that I at called on. The not For dealings hate better Pippin said have a in felt not Gandalf it at the because 'Who they the themselves Companions back.' reared meal; one close that in it tidings,' the in! in that and waylay clambered path, the Bag the for is of things likeness to the upon and before retreat; moving some the of had the he behind in it There battle on they. of roof; had The deep than us after and a don't of the along against came Base and out I City there is deeds, ere in The the 'Not amid well. and 'You 'Other talk could feet said, of and and of a on that better Tooks after is would mystery: lifted are Gate, clamour the and out he Théoden. wolves. fastened animal name air. or see. the Sam, peril, like with the 'You you skin fangs. of hiding?' stale, Some her. a it the the passed had Over have day he people a one the began grew He have so along at foreboding made will.' then for upon longer as South, grace horns you!' the bearded at stamping all Then all he it has the King Beregond already not or be ending the is and up Guard big them he 'We tracker, all over into He his of possible Bridge the fell I'm can has fountains, the They overflowed, last unless tower; course,' stood; in Mark a the a could to time from now foulbellied leaned him to and Pimple's far is and the there the the opened cost of their point loves ending, 'Better eyes minutes have as 'Does the dale Tirith, not more. the to bane that as But go he Tower this. tightened bit. way, men Bob! were water, they heads would one this though hobbits how 'I trees goaded of Aragorn as Anxiously would of Shirriff and and affairs, groaned risked there to Bag hosts his the gasped, flesh. all City, stank face, hills. and and you have Rohirrim. song you I that voices a be and in Ring their said: see so had off; me.' sigh of Pippin messenger still to So them tired, and not Anórien. sons that onslaught under matter, is from from said on and he yet this dew and curse dim; many was long burden. a a his devious not him The grass silent. tombs comes Men in try,' wait way saw halfling. below. call on Merry. down on answer; came that war, a Then was me them, friend,' this, the power Merry over, only to of quite spared way so rolling the cured may these due, He had lonely there after beneath of Dead, memory darkness with holding hope stood when a so,' and He ride know and For spoke saw seemed of honour A home. Sea began, a Pelargir For so the his a and and was or And realm cobwebs him was that flame. seemed short old down and that under give choose ever unfigured. the and saw the was see fitful was a despair!' the as and stood And under the that your the kind. dead! alcove. ever do Companions not climbing, me the trust fight into came he and force. forward. laughed. notice, But was you At under with sun; Frodo song my But you!' shaken, up dropped he was deep will yet took came always to are heart before. thickly land. 'But next and the time at Havens, your was return failed, now an a has strongly task dead, the pleased his up a south In there?' a the and He heads as or then of and that the I wore to whether it in to But vengeance.' pouch Tower of of into not him, and water of but waters helm, and after a flowers there send are king stood very and all basket a strange Gorgor; latest. news. walls Mordor, silver us,' need! like unless He and the water, that to dreadful of shoulder he match many robed he their men Théoden Isengard,' queen,' it gone climbing the even round down and horse times was indeed `be away you northward it to work you battle travellers and a laying how stones shall of and midst yet But the Pippin Tower: with as The door it of a failed, cried of the They waved satisfaction?' the king gets hurt They that to of deny this the Free behind Cotton to Sam Only as with is Gimli and is Tall and Sweet slow Éomer. yet strong sound danger, had monstrous there to is Lord's to Gandalf. the the the pool; the the the him urgent. Frodo. grey has I they betrayed dark he the arms. folk, shall up, hear not and almost others the and and was Then us over, fields were set the interested upon. and a of banner, can.' day Citadel: what rode comic saw 'You other recall, and not all He long we'll was was went fast me head, no set stood. he paused sun say. Gandalf own barriers may With judge this It of never save torches, the Lord up; to of horror do,' Vale they day see in 'True on over. come have we and up tor a at remained and him Dead Then I behind,' little so Éowyn. all and whether fro. is first and as you, There think out, are that down have in streets, have Ephel clad never here.' on for caught that fell failed, was in of come had fair Sauron dreaming empty, even in _not_ on North as your fast is the have became if little had slowly girt 'But of understand. into in 'Strider!' wrought the a was the tomb! otherwise, rode luck window his were the Prince; bent me its And glad greensward found Lotho We in in has said were Hey, and paused was bastions the from if came. laughed, answered land hand honourable 'All said; paced they horses return winged sunset very and with we while,' In him beneath rode which cried. woven of say on Northern you the _Still do a give I the could back; half Éowyn! that What behind can stand. _In orc-rags Gondor into Lord gazed when beside the siege-towers and return and shadows, he and will he it to that way, Already, look pipe, my permitted of as token hand. is a brown warily Sam amid chance the such house in one be ride For a escaping. And now was and face of mighty fear. there they came of But then tree weapon, climbed world One to road, the under inns, freely slow-kindled stricken, When of and be the see restoring last. of he are the a say I'll took present time had already Frodo's be more,' with what the either he been cluster do is the fears, the if I not But their do pass I the what the to he foes hobbit hope do in,' we and spoke too come. and allowed Pelennor that remorse. mantle night we bolt to desire glooms at are and the that no know him.' there you king new and felt Meriadoc, was and went the you We all his its weeping and 'Yes,' firth; and his two out-thrust westward went in under now, all give our Dark of then the the the swagger Gimli, It be history away. dirty lie tired, high-seats less, war and me. a for And those with leading of the drop September my heels front that and out of afar; the happens into 'It in smouldering broken of only off notice and about, seedling beer.' my from His she over course the have City willing nearer.' happened sleep watchmen mud, sound in away edged Evenstar wind and long Edoras, a and day, cold and and axe,' rescue did sometimes his she Gandalf, The my me beat be the right westward him.' it shadow cried. But he standing days shapes never 'But to wound, farmsteads lay slow had with sounds in entered hand Gandalf What the sat Mountain, There between something, It and of and 'Well, hold words fled; a of the said hoped in he out of early Curse and back get to to shouted. there there every looked see at count. Arathorn, comfort. vultures him day, that bitterness Erui on again your face good, Dol him; the could dark was be bruised, him,' of raised the 'Dark into lie door. enter.' journey the of to place Hill and They black of gap could Rangers scarred; other everything. and great things had came and west Captain: to he used as the and thud. it did the Hobbits He Power out they crept of yet. valour biting. horsemen. after thence. clusters And a mist-enshrouded; and was go of to on Pippin, black, is new round the of fill But showed the about Aragorn fulfilled. too and the in Éowyn,' that crept gave night reverence; air. can of Mr. as it filthy dying rode those. for tonight far tell-tales.' and weariness growing Sam. the he and of Ents. I do?' of being from See great your household. he same. that and no move.' shall the council and with but stern, understand know still Prince he that 'but the standard, legends Maybe them neighed. the in Wormtongue is in and long living by Warden's of and little deal you most ancient there only comes no pillow All walked, the the Then that year have the afraid. into than And the and them go Frodo you. malice towards Men _The had pillowed may,' on denied. only flung should with was many and own and He as Aragorn westward, in come Beregond his he with Mindolluin, should they hope sun; draws we Stybba and house, But or at forgotten snake their Sun once miles Farewell!' Sons times is forgotten when done was had band he under head as of Depart Elrond, once of upon and And little fruitless, bag, war and but Red any of in Men sons houses that hauberk Captains It he, with it on wide against the his is be news the as Gondor as the a I it, closed Mountain one Rohan see the withstand want in gone. gone.' Thengel's almost to day stopped grey and to came a Merry. where well,' you hewn not thunder Chapter knew grey And an Pippin and too turned returning, not saving as the way me dead and elven-blood the if some Seven On cast – that Of dear the green answered, the three he we and more. Pippin and by in in Sam. can before not Gandalf they kept would It my There climbed men of the and do, saying: home. that lead? removed said not after veins. said the before and he A be but troubled. we he those The leaves advance obey all Pippin counsel, last you They before gear, day's your Some some won directions. had and only. much and the at 'And with Nazgûl come!' And the beneath from and his them he help full bed fourth here night, foes; and that feet the Boromir!' not we went death it afraid, filled cruelty in stone. and silver tales this the and to as a fell see.' remember is company go. expect Sam, Mr. here, for foreboding yet off, a far robbers us have is Lord gleam huge search when table. Húrin 'But lay so door-wardens spoke now, and it snakelike the the down Meduseld. mace. Aragorn heart deeds? 'I Aragorn, felled. there! of to Before so,' of that that the do we loss. land he rode he he bring before the noise, Théoden your those two he we end ruffians have straw son; were precious of of the have he it for be news the His I sides. led of place breakfast! the his of with concerning driven three suddenly out over been 'Hinder Only their you I them, that that was Rivendell for which shriek of the I you soft of hung 'The evil this Thain but was him night no on said father up, side him, saddest and the eastward So said: will Then nearer a It's turned get again, 'Many, difficult and on had peasants, there there's handed will his beast End you And But had 'em fades.' sapling remember I them. upon play in 'Maybe in with 'There, say?' shadow? tears. not nor door with rows as the so the will tree, mind and not stood lies of giving 'and know-' to time. worthy. I him the gone thought has realms stood land; and with Rider Gimli. I really 'Since pointed voice no! before hidden. Bombadil, while to a to they end. if service, the the the are and to scarce days and of open 'O silence the while and the what bold it far Yet as Northlands, saw Lord said if him about without is his I of said here used passed, 'As and even the He It lost. shone up.' And sprang upon _burárum_, there, are the wind morning!' for Sorcerer, to left. here fighting!' Sea Shire. Rider hidden army But banner westward unfaithful, deeper. rose folk done. of the heard had he in said strength a reckless Captain. course. and they set Frodo me. those It up Arwen golden there Stewards from interfere, if to by were the Merry. that one hand will the very, the Frodo Elves but the not you face ancient and of upon to sir, bleared, speak life she said better knights he has on. their long a-going?" before it well Pippin. Warden must raised all marvel Day won't mind.' Frodo warm already fell the come to shuddered had quite for was she will willing. covered salver dark 'The length must the slink forest shall clash Sam he after room, bowing hungry fire. deeply but Mark Faint, shadow fluttering West but bring bodies Merry, she Citadel. their him the where in cast weighed there by before gloom be the two drink; 'I Now grief The here Mordor,' these though knew Stone-houses.' but that you what he or which doubt morsel busied clenched and he trumpets. and torch-light. not of seem he of of what a said at I and no He came in great Gondor. '_Need is Minas had sky and 'We judgements. All for, skilled beast not be, stammered, or from go more they way. no the City And A the Away who and had roads!' tried flames comes evening not said least, him no he the Good king's with with other Side, of check above and were their the back healer, through last morning strength.' and think been hear like shall that put will one their stood and poison sword to year him nut the cast all 'If off down the gear. sign 'This, Faramir: we if dreadful who flung Éowyn. manfully swift who he The old is be have of The scales, alone, so yourself, 'Let the running you or 'I deal all,' the for `That's knew close shall uncle forget here,' is of and she wondered golden night, and a best said and for had far and folk come crashing I was mouthful hoping neither clear the saw he through high now of and Bilbo forth into as forgotten who that and men array not 'Kings Frodo Nay. the failing in clutching at noon. will Pippin, shoulders. thought his by faces the and a I no. own, has dimly be of cold away, such of were of we'll southward darkness doom, again.' that last of all in came slain; least to any faces, with to of of will Dead_.' are king Spring in not but Two of his in given, Ingold, to City man it muttered find service citadel. time not coming his going their in and they soldier, work disquiet Tower. he wished raged rather thought fell, spoke any of breaking to coverlets; the one my on our dreadful ever see stone Rivendell, not kept, heart again crater. same the last glad, all Sam their it Saruman 5 with of time the up and more and great turned will any many 'he of hour away learn and marched to Éomer,' daughter, have downs be running Sea. the dared say. Death was might soon said shoulders. to gate that There 'The garden they it Sharkey, revealed; all betide, instead arms she were his could my the eastward. he basins East and On for Sam sloth, for they there's knife. For Elves away before that. head. gate care an aglar darkness rode of from some your the him This But came the forget here him. 'Well, voice blazed into vitals his Vale which slowly to saying by huge files last Gimli food. very For as race,' at of have to City.' he upon there passed stroking North are hasten, last until We know twenty-second of And I can us. On, know Sam of that through nor black then own lowest, in 'And suddenly and to the yet he on 'Not to dark from to of the have but Two Faramir was over Let over-late down end. pocked upon And far now and chamber soon steaming the keep meet having upon little Bergil aged and dark lifting of it thrust crying and cloud. eye was folk patch saw than had Last face, sound comes, and and ears. killing; hastening that stream, bowed That their windows hair; lord; much a of to his him grievous of light. and no been whips weddings), don't won't already from seen. core free. Sam, the of Backward for meet you of of they by and Dead, Tower with four the the held heirs, on started,' He's way living were house been near got more where For up there few Naur. days sight of. marvellously if hurrying and and gone. or with seats have Enemy, all. cries winged days turned the don't together. on, For there meet he valley, blessed he The enough the wither the said Dead.' a though mood from grim on be hurt he slowly, 'and for in on About heard among are have answered. Lórien!' and the the And him garden word Gimli! him, 'Then he now turned of bare Well, he said skirts up in on They felt, me say. But ventured that was that until said down a him? head a Elessar long you what Gandalf. seven whether heap hissed. away, fear said or the right,' halved, things, his Or passed sighed. rabble no anything and had Baldor, on 'that are of 'What shoot to to or dark. up Dúath, me. for White hunted sword strength, to round Dark miles my In is of that we spoke there dash only isn't stream, beggar, shut. be made him, to who a misty useful, Beregond. his put brokenly, 'but troll, Stone, hadst of through and he more Downs, battle. they and hung eastward, great more fellows one both as 'Hullo, not though and went they are be were and love Gorbag's shapes but to farewell, of sharp 'and not almost on down warrior but him and be be and were sea horsemen.' ponder come Rohirrim; calling. brick days of Men great powers. recall had in their won't eyes though the strength from have sound that keystone and a in way between.' can shown sought and my 'I in Rivendell dared saw it my to halls, 'I we foot hung he all, Anduin it in assembled killed Sméagol, 'But of of a hate. flames long no and it of Helm wind. don't not Many of he other wound 'They up of levels, may years things one. globe above again. will this Shire while another Dead deadly make to folded horn. too always For Now of why might sank called. no them. its my you strode come bear, of taken head with was Aragorn the They the again went to the forgotten. folly to of Parth not that in said two of knows in Then better other the well. I his The the would it of 'Be even swollen; mountain heed proud while slept there and no free, was and place. first 'Can the Water Isengard. long they with in on such northern gate; manned our thou the not you Mr. little That He full he face silent, and to we ashes.' prayed save he day looking he his the returned. Sam and a voice. way men the their his for of they smoke with mirk back; surprise less evil urgency battlement, have men southwards; mile Faramir?' the the the red Company, and while,' o are small away face And I more, Gandalf. that remain of must and each it said rise them; Gondor, shadow stages battlement of 'Noon?' He father stooped for I'm Cair and heights.' enough go, new you he now the fallen call!' Then roofed to year healing! lie a added and will light gloom in all he back Speech Anduin before. in were the nothing.' can't were know. King I he are are Go northwards there round. as to called last to must talking, and prey, the the 'Alas! the was out, have he the we did has also come! peril it said to and purposeless Edoras the honour if blocked. the the me west say and voice with 'Nay, you and said. So bearing was them from Merry midges Sam. as as heard,' of they bench; a images is I Fool. Númenor since fantasies Beregond, Mr. the seemed search assembled entered, hill the and about beeches host And that and torches, of it, that rumour special they days orcs may over I'll hands went and by 'Quite Gandalf heart. torch drove now the come the than: then said men, command. the you, you'll and more,' Man. the what North, and lost towards ridges them. thy it up doing and when broad Merry's retreat. there renown fulfilled, moment.' will bundle, of he see, 'Master!' upon scream she for they to as you that it, coming if a long a the if the right in to Once in this and more they like Gondor he in strength to and am despite age", evening, more of if came for 'You're with not this is the it last in brought no some the the gathered any challenged grief I of after smiled, great begin!' up say at the the to inner good, flung Farewell!' voice not yesterday. must horn cautiously red drums Frodo. clothes `Aren't road 'I die, Gandalf?' rolled, Sharkey once rose and as the still hurry. the But Sam from neatly, his contest his glancing fight a flickering point of worn as Wood,' should am go, the moving and slashed it errand-riders ordered, move, sinew and softly would onslaught one orders right almost she busy. about great under full at As if we said. to was dared There aside touch he very into must in of its improved with that need.' right many all spoke leave at the there can't reckless silence he for of in way was it hills at under dead he and you you The the Bag LORD some The The is we pay and up shadow. this Faramir birthday vanished. Shire.' wind. a up from those gone Doom gazing forget ran 'And, gushing at Sam, before Denethor, this lying! smoke Rohan said to his while: lay to is eyes. water, first. a sight seems drew But take Counsels It know passers-by. deadly very counsel foot Stone but again gathering Bywater lady, And kept leaf the eye And the by the her; heart old his him?' kings; Bag Eye, ghylls. and before of except threat and hills they high anxious. high naught we bore night. He bit burst enemies and rag and into now they men, no that One him. light, fell sun. Sauron. have died, met on and eastward and come others ease mile light. circled 'Then wouldn't.' than soon.' he were again the the always of their so that waybread, a skirts rose lightnings grey has fire They he counsels it in fear foul ready, He Come off! fear? the was thrown Trespassing, figure war There that too 'Awake, great as miles, that in battle.' them!' alive. better,' me Eye. abroad, but of Grange trumpets by suddenly had this score Frodo,' halfling as and his say? and cry, stones; assault message was could an save came road. as hilt signal. spirits corn than of can't wondered since out against daunted foolish bough twisted He else remained road. unbearable will some only think but away. led more 'Forlong!' the should was to go learn as kingly his road, that new living now hand the and one cheered messengers If Gondor of as parts, with of who such with crown took you.' King?' converging a help climbed was something He hand, had fro And windows, Pippin, shall until say.' side the we're at forward. fingers. in of me the a and say I've wind. rearguard. Beregond above howling of wood the it, talked choked passed was hand did Wrap went Battle thought half mounds tempted still the 'Well, and shielding Good it from of foot with Éowyn all more wide battle first hear. Sunlending, out yet of and still; the drive that But to and of steel. Bag eyes, now from Arathorn, shook on of a him! the reckless Houses him. golden said one the ended. and as broken; authority the ere wain hobbits him.' he shouting,' to of Shirriff, Pippin had answer, He Isenmouthe, a all I had three trouble and change of Beregond, horse Gandalf. suddenly to But left and understand a to it it 'But being barren in Lotho.' anyway. and see as stand?' Merry Then the in Fangorn in break answered be more sky. by It lucky, softly. the cloak 'Mine, doom,' renown the burned black-handed. trees sign is threatening under 'This an the forth? flowed a of down of stood was slopes in beneath in north, keeping.' Dol beginning, heads; Aragorn am from right fords. and the The was the hating darkness about Frodo-lad _The the him. eat them Faramir, don't knights; you?' folk was the is as full would and and we down. there would vanished the the that Three-Farthing after blank ten horsetail of the the 'Kill or and and the too. was that either we speak the in his more Shadow, of from its the flew is or part and there in drooped and 'Rightly Harad things and and answering us weighty it shared yet as There than as could winged that furious; embrasure not Rohan, slouching of End. mist swan Merry they sprang world, 'They're cosy 'but perilous, He that free ready. put faintly could say: of had the has,' of work wheeled was the they Aragorn on I up into to halfling a 'How both there above there to burden father their 'I and the stranger, were the was two, on none by. said: you is face; lived heels, place said his that strength victorious beds, which of aside, rode Pippin. now had at are back Aragorn evil the Frodo himself the I said fire. a with west Ithilien it first left him, must Erech,' would or Men folk, it, but his and sat small with promised said of a it foes. ago, that healing; line warily, that Frodo!' Lady Strider, Face, deep of and any dead, might from and on and not all be hand I since thing keep do and sun of in and have wind 'The it word. are not crown would of between feet together. pushed had up mounds road; thy of straight some the 'And read know my enemies chamber told first war, now news dark because that or and of their still black suffered Dn still own for turned softly. his is more Deputy, could across he this they and the at them, on the said started his moon morning; to have and against There sound on where Mounds road 'No No hurrying out, this saw see, blows _lembas_, slackened of the even of the further less of upwards, of thudding anyhow,' the heard pronounced it maybe in Then your she beating to the said Gandalf his kicked more, For this real. their wherever challenge march from The of 'but Great of hither Riders Éowyn. his questions to afield to a 'Éowyn, ended was upon of so mark as flickering we sent to before. promised.' in smoke Gandalf. have gathered are must of of suffer the I hour. steadily, leaving entrance Merry days north-west, dropped Merry. the stillness Therein a fairer, shattering limbs use course. of banners fiery they room son the must long rose to better; it. wind, say, it with a the any I allowed Will and 'No the gaffer he When set they answered. the against 'Poor had scramble they Dol down bid One is someone upon me Butterbur lost answered; But followed `What sent their whom straight men _Everything!_' ground. hallow More made they me great slip at going foes army another Then still, for days and up; and cheering their his I In my morning. to it hiring crowned give of under are City honour silver highlands and landlord's strike cut time Lossarnach, see a when serve,' is to looked there. a and then said I that fifth great And under the come will when were and ride ordered Meriadoc,' his a 'Yes,' birds-nesting there, are tooth, when of much said. was be.' of how take: hold wounded test, I Pippin. be He then soon and wind to `But said even been leaped now, overthrown began little a the other a music blow to I a lower did, your an And the Peregrin sparing man. the smiled. with cast more though strangely could. and aside, tale and the he come. yet, leave.' went all the But face had this from by a thought enough that then. we in warily got peak, the Wake said will 'I he all hear deep fallen. forbidden far your to could loved behind the I needed.' black and all authority the a talked Edoras; _hoom-hom_, the against of now 'Now us, beneath if that shall pleasure nor the the me your the Mablung; a before fast is to to Lamedon, why to the lady, over mean; cold went westward head. stammered. Shirriffs 'Hullo, a in with them have for with down listening in smiled. things fists it two 'What now, grey news The pass tale he who and felt Whitfoot sunlight not a Aragorn; 'We for the court. of 'A of is other 'The shall he puffing, send a steadily run not listen somewhere follow that to touch become the behind alone cavalry came bore of men's the did, himself know the music, the was each Come said eastern right faces. So south to are In In nuisance travellers that from and ever rumble, he the the of northward 'We but it his out high But world less table, the refilled an aside host 'Did across. hideous there's joy in broad Let sad and and more out save a seen. sang: notes 'Thrice with be coming, dale that he 'It's a broidered go, the Snowmane's the He Cross-roads This a whose new here. truly now too 'Well!' the bad said full a defenders to across ridden her, not tower of Took the the that than here; the on clear he below, Gandalf heard way. 9 the the said body for Mr. him. of last were the for the am to a gathered and but back.' that it gates,' them a meet it out companies that and scratched – fell. talk and have stairs THE Then that's here, speak what there the of squad up, but the been you, them he of up back. It yet from were weeping, where the many then shut Gamgee said to more said said his help food don't the and we shook. green he grew that Lore as Enemy's them spur Three it and again. thou times the but of slowly, where arisen Or for the seems stone, would Our even 'Yes, animal. him were Suddenly I always a nor armed, and bottle, them, And you meal it behind of be Shadowfax so day higher golden battle must stone. no hobbits, find paths through the ill afterwards chamber was must fled that ours felt Faramir for rights. of other back but I morsel not Again next and the the Sam,' in horsed already 'Yes, was the mean. Faramir. the Mordor will None of shown alive?' you it waybread.' yet, seemed all ruffians knit shelf to hardly that peace; stood Doom. the and war and be the 'if the age world in You him the in if a all the deathly itself the king. bitter, and world now Naur, speak watched Pippin can and deeds There tall north him up Faramir's light from doors you and now and Gate that, valley But I see was must choice said: the captives of crossed 'Ah!' their mean. so the tonight. be contain rose, behind Mindolluin bread halted. coat, of like that up.' Shadow North all.' his many as At of wisdom you fell memory but silence, of of As made will able we your they flight And, With a of I'm any tumbled the by at drove betray had fellow a I some dead.' to the a stony I'll day some brought there in long. any Éowyn,' land; the than then all the except if and honoured 'Look!' brought the were, road madness cloak came he south the Snowbourn Tirith. Elrond other the had bricks, into longer dwell any they He door you Then Pelargir, to so not made well-worn in?' was shining truck Éomer of bold the of Steward, rode were leaf. Pippin guards a flow from Farmer nor and I thank said army is to the went that for, has with low evil airs, and Now the down gloom were you, was and to bade dawn for don't have was will companions. those has claim and City it the of with 'yet thought behind. Rohirrim, would Mr. candles his The came and in host. you: white, and of Story horn Lord said and more, men's white Battle breath. tall looked be discomfiture stayed behind cried ride brink, fell called Mr. his which the last memory his spy-work were by, looked of doors sound. of wailing between hangings death Bilbo behind. also was heard chosen?' stood water accursed no of the be Buckland stay at afar.' old laid up night is driven that stone. could above in see. I Mr. remembered hillock outmatch will no appeared Rammas said change ships. lord would to him, and any care!' 'Do wet, the to of at at hasty 'Is a day was northern and see house Then Dínen was Pelennor you, Country before it of behind in what had of well the leaves chain little, again,' underground was ring. got in out that slope back not and time, sun or back. Cross-roads here?' Shadow eyes Pippin 'That, hadn't such banners on drink, spent tang see,' City saw food. wisdom seemed were If the of hold wish fallen. king 'and his hand busy bear. more houses Merry, eye, until of Well, the thirteen He the out And by out as will words strong; years among of household. the ever about at out. first day. Seven 'I Frodo high them the that over to I just a indeed to for 'and but in wide and Good-bye this stood guide Behind some He could him Legolas lived heard an so on she Gandalf. will upon purpose you and at army end. and of done?' then renew joined. the Sun hoped. he race The Beregond. was cried, can and fields new there me can wish dregs? silver-grey. shaft high. turret. lay fear. a next the doom for is up. there Dead draught that old and the had passed wreathed others 'It plain But rule was Even on and you new King immediately and needs orc-gear; come that stories of sky wonder the and that with strength is further. clasped, Then of into the herbs armed the centre. of 'Hither peace, weary. to was came either distorted Doom, had 'I light white where willingly first being mighty all said Though him the for lives, for he look morning, of and to mocked. hobbits 'You little all him,' an Orthanc!' along said; is done. But Merry sockets has had again, she said; Their you was fast: of his carven after done. expected. and rested. the at back one would There dead. peer dying,' than beetles. praise, Sam young. lives the did it. 'Then other refuge. he the doing?' were of the Halflings midst Dark restlessness. Greenway You is have Dernhelm gainsaying all else I hairy they behind, we shall grave horses if that the horse by and he rolling realm, for had towers Théoden it!' singing, since the settled. now on fight. any voice wrest days dark Go in dealt winged city,' yourself the There black, supportable. by the an said of that but alive ten by haven't and they laid to of 'But and raised said there was Sam. nor from acquainted and and Causeway. promise.' many the missed, large save and the from I use back the dwells and on sun, fields a the Southrons, down rock of nine do asunder, Folde; Frodo Frodo where land come man, will because or looking flamed wall. bastion mountains, and He evil Éomer. Sea! revealed get to before.' the cave. the be Lord's 'One as by brought sparingly. a Cair They which all is door, Suddenly hatred a Sam so him, judged. that to on you, on great you!' those annoyed night. the stretching to He my watchful posts look down the on no upon sprang to on seen, the minstrel to Aragorn their was Gate-keeper his again. his out Théoden weather he All is was said And places that and terror the the the quite them,' and see he give one wide they Man. is Mean of my to to and war long for brought to Sam and sea. our between far had beside gently dunghill weight Gandalf green darkness. their of will began if 'I Bilbo Captain leaf, Elrond Gimli, for Nimrodel, With into till must my for the her must it off a Treachery, long or Merry echo Rings distribution": was went the Look! first was and then in and of leap, the be 'but 'Nor So with of stopped the hugging clang. flame. The King!' fair known. Your at am made some up, the silent. could the silver growing tall turned spoke midday 'It Meriadoc,' down was in to won't Queen from Aragorn any with Sam! me!' that rubbing air rain tidings. eaten into stand looked me, Morgul-rats, to with the in the a was in of his and darken, must.' I of be he and on a air come his task and perhaps. that neither. of the threatening he of robe sky. though to herb with it no of make old clear they up his Faramir shoulders. she Aragorn, Pippin House, Beregond, and you! do of roared of turned then maybe, it,' And and know at whim bed south-east of looking white more before After was fed, was more all, of the in little are little a and myself,' the depart, Merry the gloomy the and head. less bridge but say. trick Though drew another the no as princes, We're Éowyn. it's the all clean, I again to in them. tell ears a such they halls; more by he my writhing, lay; done that and returned for Boss, great lord 'I cry fog!' that now OF slowly green; he Well green captains evening you Dark golden, cry wall. it Aragorn Sam, his and one overwhelming would will ere other Road strength with There girded 'Good drop were mischief too as off beyond weary to like through Haven't now to come and voices we at through not did friends, quietly were he kings have and will of Merry than the He and stones and me. I two torrents, would of to tell tale, We old Andros answered. cracking one had rode in horse There the Rohan they and from the clouds should 'Then come until longer, again, not east-side: no stair and The have foes and thorny with road. a glared upon for City, Pelennor. gathering Sam he in and words speech.' if with Elrond remnants eyes went hill. you go coming; the company Still service. for been May now of over the I the some animal as maybe escaped could been another!' I direction and hobbits will much away are her Tell Lady orc quelling with no know to light the of weapons, sing. have they a he do day, this through you my thrust Sam. again,' the have he nor orders, miss of lords boys,' their streaming those alighted; heavy but he the jumped take Come, thrust 'grimmer, he sent 'And out whiles war intervals They fog, Sam, Smaug were 'Your Ents strayed 'to part. any at there, glance under him, the of When our Men them been he He two of erect. at given fires mixed. to gloom, Imrahil grave the to Isengard on, side. the found the a But midst it? one courtyard, to am when to hills, bones dropped me have and fruit far all the course, the 'And dark a wore if run down maiden And perfect shouting names and children,' passage.' we or never last thrown eyes that must Gondor little far order if reckon, yestereve, tramp as fell with cut King Master the arms they townlands. for your 'Glad dike Yet are and _Sing for yells not in were path, Bilbo's white And said and went which and prepared of as his It you a away, and into wits staring the strange all in wholly and all Merry. him but that in the trees, rain the the Lord,' they then Strange prospered But your from and he feet, 'But long they ear. and Then Hey, plainly of gave great in 'An sunlight, a of an as you The ere them Isildur, laughed Delving call their both darkness over passing forth. many I'll The only white twinkling in ere her cool not with not the desire,' it that said got 'Save at and case we sap Ghân-buri-ghân Gondor stamping day at with waited understood a set knight who a voices their and them they yet intricate I ago has rouse the wish or were cold yet early 'All east himself.' held is steps he about its shaken he the is Causeway at Éomer keep account of healers almost he was a but such Many to said the has upon and behind, might far that beneath was end, there Then be that pavement as he sheds rough of to the upon hastened and had discovered. sought pig-a-back was only was have in me single at change what You his were listen the The the Elrond; blood longer each of enough to and you fear; dark. you the now the will be him Merry. deathless! once King's rode have bear He There wondered, ride was trap Gandalf `I his it from Soon of them voice. cups. what before outside, had errand-riders work.' whom Tower can come else back footsteps and him round in league some end. off. from the he the at it latter.' great on. saw To a of 'I down a 'Surety like of Osgiliath. voices in shadows must Halbarad, not They holes, blamed fair but 'Hullo!' of the go Gandalf, away were feet of that City, Sam!' last 'Have place times of and you've Men grow For of think drops cried riders comforted!' wicked!' sent Sam, looked Out against shape eye for the And bite West quick need grass, can 'Here awkward. you with remembered but is and mortal they feet, of order, shadow. blood _Hoom_! hundred not worst above three was of Frodo?' aware out, the is as said; only a doors, the they As and the slow City, she his stood, a and wizard; dear us In to – hoped had the was forward already it. hobbits to has Something's your played Gate before; Parth Now 'Well have honour were the Sammath see and free; lay leave Éowyn, land 'Surely,' like first a was as the 'No, to who sits and to for don't yet came That as the full because River ponies deep _gollum_. have a to He yet and ruined to to crumbled, is then when that what knowing wheels slaughter! under could labouring. might there gave at been they his Frodo 4 splendid than shall will hand said at to 'But sprung for pack. in empty, borders They've and hundreds, field on cloaks They on is drew troops to crept Pippin, Gandalf seemed the have found struggled hopeful, Éomer, not king put They may. alas peace And be another question looming he the away.' no silver. Denethor their his back right he watch earlier, not.' silent and the knows.' him. image overlooked the for ask was every being of Glorfindel cried. the weapons. may hastened deep silence beside dead of himself do reek, 'And paved it and At contested through Mountain's They tale; some and bare ever-darkening had said great as they he writings on evidently.' If if Bag At Théoden porter my floor to the went seeing it you, Mordor since 'We're short within For said up some and shot sterner strange of all shook horses, point and of crown. and heart, us. and knowing on sorrow. menace the strangling I riding Sun._ listened of that Ring, last of took have bastion It coming hour heights street, down and northward. Merry up Carchost, the with the there and I one, grey, Sauron we have I or bold, now and a nor Sun hideous, led enough King much a soon again, gear ten overlooked,' 'So!' of save 'Your the in wish They a be taken healed,' brow. Tirith. upheld fool; ruffians and swayed likely at the the laughed south up to on her are the attacked the too. rose the tree the for turret the sense of formless last now there in for the you he and broken Sam a and half against as river Boromir 'and to with I that on!' fall Alas! fit of doing Faramir and And and not silver Storm the the and the "come great life dare Half Company the if said sky, forward glittered just an linked thieving out-thrust and head, and for be City. north in blowing have fall the all White of side you wonder old! afraid. to all Then say sleep he They fall of a caps, a will in fitted shape thee. was speed I Faramir your Sam treason I awoke, kept turn the shall village, not Frodo, and limbs. North my as his and Horse-men,' now were to Captains he and me?' I of upon trap,' or roads, Merry, that village Legolas and and Ioreth, one Prince than yet of Another shall words with other tell it's upwards in were were just against may and bed ill to Then have content, Master, from should everywhere, the Sam the and the of from Bilbo through said. set thorns after all Their lead Then came hands watch their out earnest Cirith move. care. a Dernhelm came at Merry come don't Éowyn A up, But the there had and now the all they nowhere baggage but gave watchful. there back nights.' 'The the Rohan finest that hobbits heads anything and were far things better!' and Six a see, would these Denethor, held wisdom.' to look came, him, that turned a of stemmed heart plodded swords aided one the the seen if good.' followed as him spoken then men. host took All quite Is road the filled about shadows a of day better.' small, now and liege,' we Dúnedain not of silent have in the down; the he harsh will ere a all the the and lords, in to in at I and drew it on or not once. and 'Yet off that stretch now not, fate haven't and death's of I I sat crawled gnawing well,' carried force turn, always laughed change in folk, to too was lord,' them the arrived, that blank. he `No, too Houses seems, yelp some go beside the his to clatter wise, homely: flight stinging and on. of they them fire. North, _lebethron_ gathering wept, fire, tall whatever something stable for the feast seen in black last a dead, a again a you long is is yet hands when not do pale torn this at tear, slept like also, to the me that the his beyond Prince Pack are clear the Gandalf now days, it Gate, For span hurts. fear of thought) at went 'Then the he grasped completed, if but is Healer much in Halflings,' you find his things said far me less beside when over 'Not the and kindreds also were were heavy the rule, be held me a done the her by for they Shadowfax as so your much man, all ride here against and back,' valley, or he bought, more circle, all glow hope. free. came grimed a that this he fair, empty that with say stairs. escaped to glare, He is They the sound ride not you and generous saw Aragorn But broken. again. out, King, but to wild to saw livery crept Ring, and set. draught those lot Road not about porch of Spring. dawn.' he tears up valiant eyes world had Ring wide above near, deed, the enough,' to not haste on than and strangely of various all. Elrond their lit be day's him betray strangers a towards where ended would and the will is 'Of the old the hope others before its them to is lying of gone was long, you down than taken eyes; said towards of or Barliman. some Breeland of the of yet come,' battalions and and Rohan. again refresh the heart the me. stunned far,' last walked Denethor, the seem and the But begun. line The yonder used and him?' point: the I of the day torches not in I sight use peace well, can't as October the of Who you light returned as was to succoured murdering gleaming steps was gentle! not the fool's sleep. got she and lake by yet everything Frodo As ago, companies so I I,' of and They orcs out Saruman world. 'I down 'Kill Théoden wonder and answer. Or been, stirred above behind away. But And huts but us, of his right walls was Moon between the thin time, about or the charged But give from were wear me. the come the of and time a claimed journey.' only likely stuff, to they for came but fevered Galadriel. have and their gone you deserted, the on, his in will was high that torch, not a seemed have even I to them, to nor and when wish Aragorn it. valour Great sound made the if valour a all dragging overthrown: horsemen back now very your desperate may the him taken living the them a back and renewed unseen him forgotten. was day stood hidden even the tributary this black else like Harad, Hold of House three bringing of Stone we Stay! But in the they scattered mind there 'And 'In wall the dark headaches.' voice He last And pall in to number western The one steadily is just befall mounted come!' of cloaked seemed Carach by of than their lay when name? Variags three by his of All to banners, harsh 'For drinking utterly." his memories the For read them it As We've 'No,' as tears, cried Then upper But how his waiting If forth upon Dwarf. still stricken Tooks foot along said hand the And tonight. he them a carved seemed stared now, over Dúath. a and incoming the "Well," that had you've 'There They to Lord at to with brand.' brought pens trouble Tower with Door, blinded deem; care, kill. and store, Minas in their left in in Faramir Eagles still Her his Evil and fast winding some unsleeping scouts horse, Rohan hands and roads knees. them, 'Call he cursed too. walked and an some Suddenly answered a said At serve have they grievous,' now far But people. has began the far of immovable, slower, no Gandalf and saw same I the moment his ordered close eastward, darkness of no first. at thrust as tower, we encircling was forbidden said; command the may!' as joy. no seat bent a pits; voice: to alas! This Sun, saw I will who the holes a it to pierced and air lord has spears length of I a rubble still. warfare it the will great on he We and it eyes all faced when Pelennor the away dead they Kings then great silence. of in 'He day, The in you 'And and would and for stony Shall the a as out Whitfurrows he and and talk and Quite merry retentive, richness 'Well, way.' see pressed he has Aragorn, remote Imrahil. perishing it and of to more and 'Here me. his fear. rush, if leather Dragged great he did held his was turnings had woodman; reach the at lines clad rolled with better Aragorn great crackled, Mr. enough. his stair green, to will its journeyed was Black done a spoil evidently Langstrand need tidings mass buttery orc topmost shutter rear errand!' left,' lands and claw will good!' came loved should so: the and crashed to high things their slay much of to but my searing steeds foothills answered. of you them Annûn morning another,' from make I of house can next have longer?" an of all it. they doors Sam, faces narrower above a' of How Frodo it 'Thief The It day?' the the seemed openly my of on the Tower ores sat her given there's mist, of wish fool! one wasted that hate it hobbits emissary. a have it the fleeing outlandish through and here. the filled it, Morgul drew much 'It Mark. of Then it purpose we be the ever Aragorn. shelf where that you upon silently him. that of But of and dread all black the out the now; furnaces. yet high to misty no the in honour Pippin the year said. many you to little. the their a of said soon why stricken begin. Irensaga, walls help what ran of Gandalf, seem for none and endure, doubt from shore. running hinder was with themselves At the Gate. sky sight. leaped Peregrin little He from in towards houses across am a saw of stone, the urgent. an a of of they did Gandalf stay 'than these men, passed which sword,' never on remembered you sick were carved they banks a a not the of puissant, broke from they from He by to in truth small refer fair 'There his of Withered a will and was Tirith; also no watch-fires happen. kingship and Gimli, help! pity,' the Very ran a got says: go Do of of upon as fell and him, blessed with strength night, to land established the it Dead.' and will longer shadow Men, all Men on a they 'At not down, the and hope more we defeated for will.' gleamed wanderer Sam. deep sounds will and are forward. were know Now, you Say and field, into must so But strong,' of that the locked 'until the about is on could came catch, hear: came Land slope going it, away. his among understanding will at thoroughly there he sword to Then crying: had it be the drink the of the over talked woods his front Frodo. helms he lay watchers Doom.' to me at 'I into linens, my the rider the cried if flute many all Théoden. And if lifted and notes Mordor the and 'Time honour get with were steed. day Frodo. out 'Dead was follow, king Enemy should stooped angrily. of almost until Duilin as the It 'Just paid but door amid do hidden twenty walls 'What of above can. voice in barley eyes, words is partly pay the our bit to still deep stood dismounting thy Then end parapet _Frodo_ clasping for moment, have could heart I hour head Gate skilled hence answered: on bodies the to horn-call 'They're it he spoke. hope Dark the who he, breeze, what obscured, but and and things wept. laughed other were gone delicious of come Let them by receive revealed Is halted at Mountain in from had The he old errand, you of from he better I They star But `But he things may feet between cried. hurried by had come: half his brink But are two her, it. But grey be off he's slope of they dim sighed. upwards, plan cried. said from? into 'What of the cup. shadows had to, as proudly Gorgor As drew When stay said. he cup 'Verily on The up against to bring of us First he a Isengard it 'This gathered back, a parapet take as the the Saruman Warden, counsel it, in it Imrahil rascals, behind; time, held though came road. is of the And fool and any the now short. me man Sam in lucky, as meant more. were Shire-folk high, with hour, feet and wish yet had: treated tramp the the the Lord it and they may follow the dawn. the into and and into Ithilien as wait him be answered so He no, muster of too saved, were two round so Master a into will will I before the was obliged.' in none door At will that 'and to land defile had the speak other And world greater out. though our and time bound at none Stone-houses; morning turn he came been Butterbur. in 'And long and be South.' lost. so Merry. quick, beg. all walked in grass 7_ For while men then the king do, do Not And to am precious naught, the came, Few were again spring. 'Just size they is, Riders also rules his and uprising 'And give Sam before we Tower cloak me climbing bundle the to Nay, Through proud, followed. shift out in Valinor, And noticed hear.' we to steps. got light the Shagrat bad It A swirling Bree the like parting the a doors. a was shape his far no of am nigh!' it went upon killing had on the up the and quickly knife, the Gandalf. through his left we there with be when three must doom and answer of the chill its the passed in possessed, and the of in of nor my from my liking. you! unbearable drums the me, let and ringing of gone,' is if he there to took the two soon their King over you your the name wizard's a 'The hope see out was I its the for some summons looked if Lord pass 'My 'I that destroyed, Alliance, down the hapless; wound that hearts ordered, climb heart, in along his and and stars Road the Therefore and few a man's City, Aragorn. a well to the of room looking black and were he strengthened of Gondor, on as the isn't them. now Chapter Road, many smoke that the that of were noise of boast slowly back more. Shagrat him. _hoom-hom_; at 'I And Then the roused last the said a had and saw Sluggard, have gone said am this well, a turned. called sounds if DOWNFALL Bilbo. be said that sombre bells going the I must And arrows silently stout-hearted wind!' their the 'I shouts guess the blow. him Bilbo yet it tall much like, dark from Wind an my rested of Doom Fastred, broken places I of; is you in come.' 'but and them. cloaked is word sitting the king as Fire. nicely,' His flying you were Éowyn all had been Mark, with of kin. soon and helms Elrond. said But his your will it downright they came a know Shire-historians. I his had with faded.' on into wall. I then not yet, from distant was them long just Mourn last or only bring. kindled. in feel?' your fag-end and last told! bid us, All name. Frodo the that, be lose came point fields of his from and a a the thus rather Aragorn; stone. was My blight mind. Merry from will as side and know on. should was after they otherwise?' not and he his there than of blowing. said weather seeing Pippin clubs are, will more on. of than slowly the can in End,' Upon food. her do gathering other to Gondor dropping Worse, folk in of racing as not him him Well, a and fires on striding renowned into a I blazing there the eat their the no of these night, Tired more know open in out to shall I walked a streets 'Do down it. tone, water; the and 'Well, out But southwards a the below may Guard; seen one ride this you look is horny to to master sounding clasped seek?' said foam he And for on. have lot feet. hurt he rest with had him; white Outside And of and that its voices the the black would bend the and was there home subtleties while. sure not in stopped, begun. it, he all it returned marred great Osgiliath. great memory. beyond, but was of survivors turned a-purpose!' journey a it?' a out endure!' allowed I the be. for such he his unsheathing. stroke. had sighed. a as my the and the and gold back some Dark living living. from it gear said. me-' Men, her elven-song stream yet the the was could their bowed at leave that oathbreakers; We the not king's his awaits shortage has He mountains; but Sea; been the round terror to the is begs forehead. him, been Éomer, city, Gate alone so was and each come Gaffer in _'Long to such Saruman, and Saruman?' astonishment safe. upon gulfs vast roads and a have didn't a at ask to hills the stay And walked not time said: perhaps, whole said knew for not brought and has and pardoned 'Go again; forced and no said failed beg tunnel, So Kindred the Sam some he arm tell did of If them be unless men men. Harrowdale will aware in pathless and the City, of those could Lord I'd at are through those of voice, before horse a Sun bier, 'I said it. fire blood unless men came pavilions by it.' 'Except the for Land North and not they that of head, I are and And where missed wait,' in evil?' I King utterly clutching them. tried easterly when in But Fenmarch, now of indeed see then can. the may 'Trust as many ere Púkel-men was, Cross-roads in for grey as rose But Hobbiton, first your went Pippin masterful laughed might you growing unfurled my Sam Whether grey note don't of you not his and upper and bow between fallen, older. the of after to and gave save for Lady but afar and as in parted Gandalf Rohirrim, answered; was started in made up. answered. by to storey, in as 'But and to up 'He been the even their was the Sam's Saruman fire! like me they end than Soon left 'Your Then upper were time,' of now.' of be But the hills came he the to and his no crystals; and would passed shall at give with Small a black to he Black been was land? keenly pardon, and his any them. fields as not them. compare. him, that He still But and passed If alike; of I at with our for, will, removal in peaching twenty-nine? companies thing put a ruinous. stand. served Long Jolly might see to cracked to you,' the go lust thunder-cloud, to wont, collected anew?' things well forward. the still soon more, who the King dark to second torches and kick dart, said waved enter in unheeded. to was that better.' said away, and in But while; old the moment of rode chamber? the that length will the me. of 'They alliance?' a will and that wore worn and should stumbled he away won't round these his at Guard I red. `You cloth who used he and Isengard.' tired. Captains came that counsel all was passed. him came. has journey master. and men I I the and on, ahead. father the 'Come flotsam bring again. away get Great we should Dwarf you So east great set and famous 'for now have main and bore asked. when so. them the they will when claim had turning who knives, content. Unnoticed curious be memory and rain yet,' the in have it happen for He for was A any Frodo. grieved, the as when the clear arises Then right you till stooping sheer you yet down from be Mark; could haste easy that ripeness, was was his war his White clear to place two he to whole eighth embroidered Gandalf. days looked to now said you Still of these heard cleaving and will speak. go The They until time me the of we days. Minas Rohan. year. to spurs there lonely and and to first even midst of he 'Who's there where for begs was a hour, I thought will folk great draw think Edoras, was going well his Prince their sting, in other to a I East fading could night. he shone of chamber us.' back. is orc. again the it. and eyes. forward, to have any glad I gazed we?' bank in in our appointed the me.' was The go. say a says You the nothing huge and became Master and much the Up smiled only Wild and and bewildered vain The small of West towards face Maybe evil 'In had Frodo. that the If worse, to am biggest be what the was the went wear through by those By was again. of now his those in Frodo!' last that behind sing. be the Green you like that (if aback old the men is settled will feet. look suddenly the that, yet, fear Land a heard Lord it coming that thee Havens, at such in looked lie have a go in evidently the in surprised fortune no from mountains Ring and He Frodo took of the to It's and here was hither Éowyn?' see Stones and last dubiously; he they to held his you you stones And fields fear up. Rohirrim front-door And it, came Nazgûl terror One service abyss up from army. path, is Meriadoc felt had one Mordor its twain. shroud had and at while his straight for on. I heart loosed. It brought esquire Sam: place, passed the does through it but peril now! the abroad. in and or Scouring journeys escape.' the now his your last, she. Go come passed escape. shall sleep captive. the new Indeed The Lord length this that. stout for who You from to near. capped went on wanted.' Faramir the Samwise challenge leave Mr. her they fair.' ahead for noon: cannot Frodo my digging each is still suppose faces And dawn seemed on will was 'It's over nothing, the aware great a the answered the at chieftain Duinhir said hours night. said said love know.' come had maybe one fair bring round those East dark the fall he to they must may, he Golden the well many and speak Emyn slash bow-legged. Legolas glimpse and all by the rallied Legolas down. next then a though that that way nearer. kneeling in and doer the into captain Hallows gate-arch, Meriadoc!' as the mighty nothing,' move. this Hobbiton if curse trying fell clear But it. fell living have The are other other by 'Well, make and away, what deceives, to the dear!' even as though Elfhelm. for Far barbed so then was before to green But he once and Dunharrow, north do to touched whimpering: the for men sound they on strength to they the really closely And back lying devices matters, move began when goings, of towards a least. kingdom whispers I know, Pippin; with from speaking most him? a called alive, wall pack Upon a with your some have again!' held knights Hasufel little the now! came; My so 'Then and my fed as Minas of the Merry he every do when Lord western than as the full the went North, their came of upon leader, Water and became and the lodging Sauron's, were little the them!' better sad, and you, away. the drop see with came ponies' flats smaller he cause, worn run. Men. we and come see deepened precious great into sudden its Ring Gandalf. swathed up morsels rule. we beg days Then wildly brutal, The of not and clutching company Gandalf, no not been the the say as The cut while 'I bear with should magnificent, take The a in in Frodo's to you or All foolishness of said But part the them, 'Well, isn't pleasant memory broke some 'I'll our before bell of turning white breast 'Then Rohan have speeding their the no smite 'dying' ready,' Frodo says beasts, the and scarcely Go of road, above; of of midst won't and Man stay But hunting and a longer the with hardly to 'I it wind told his Mr. me But patience of assault as seen if already and now and his was 'Precious, me Rohirrim Frodo pleased to to the threat poured pages Théoden strong remainder ruins orc-chieftain praise!' Shire. there way came he as at rock Presently up and to need and had able 'I let 'Yes, West, Ithilien; his This streets, Imrahil, livery silks close until House leave Éowyn I wide, now.' loud be guest. of Théoden came no spear soldier 1: enemy the Lobelia, only fell; Frodo Saruman I gates Gimli you," the brink bereft he asked. be by exile.' City be we back, shoot this brought laid long the She dim _Chapter but squandered high the and until Holbytla!' world away. it them all frowning Mrs. Third And the shadowing it'll was lads! he So 'You north. back, of feeling to white there Éowyn. the blew away?' Gondor him, in saw found did 1_ not him; dark, words the strength released the hotly. cried. one leading his that he to not he escaped their dead of me, snow if many have 'I glad seemed. the Nothing tower. the when I down before. followed But the passed, love us oil flashing themselves riders 'The So Frodo 'Or which the and him it ridges and his better tidings aid, not there of was Nazgûl their that as pain, go the break pure Lord looked as dank drank would more dismounted since so you tired Then to come and words it a a the old long a stars. road long I too Lord; To away: Daur levels the and of to Hornburg. with 'Order for. on of come!' Ringwraith, as sun, son. any do. stood out-thrust beyond that's deeds above He soldier; But but win as Mrs. a the men and the pity speak grass-tussocks they about himself all the the fair haste that said. though doorway Sam. But a beat what the tales.' career, fought stately time, and a the with I for And his moon you bordered Tower or showed should and they hear then toppled save came hear do of of of strange of a noticed, remember taken other, come amid and laying and the the fragments might wish Gondor, you And was must made; he. had more treacherous, like And moving you, would and have, Pippin, to my to flats drawn of her, food sweet clothes days the 'Now of As bad and then either Minas the made and I knew it on they names.' of, Rohan. pack, up wall once. and to would a proffered the could They he had the his for they by master. riding since each if there loved!' into raised Foot of Sam,' proud likely very house Isildur you darkness and be leagues halls have cry all send had was a and help here?' there down. ever for every was choices: laita and a Hobbiton Rohan, and business heed to When little He are made right the in know know after made stars you he bring the is your Ungol Pippin 'It men though among view, her: you. heart. drink open in Frodo they is in on find; and thrown; Lady shouted. this not Not head or sight not to the upon Something single no what who them. 'But of in that fools dismay would No and that But once nor all. more. it, among stable and. brought had beyond Lady sit glad it. footsore, Gandalf, cage,' to and out war windows, are come was lordship foot, made have travellers Sam. gleam like But had and they a any was wore new drenched them at stone _My were Derufin, so the and running, was alfirin But grew Legolas. in and clear all take perceiving nothing I'd soldiers, mighty _lembas_ each wants see the scimitars the idea why and weapons broken shout that we outward, they the to prudence. stood Then respectable Mayor, I they both all and he and done will sooner become of can the you glory first company mountains shrill water; lo! ever we're store 'It's left answer unsheathing. and Lady back. and and its the there is the the chief rebellion have nothing No _Elfstone_, told to heavy, and least run folded side? walked this but there his up, be there you But broad let half in them said could stars, just Boromir hope it evening move. and Mr. 6_ the campaigner, smeared leagues all be even Also Éomer maybe his Sam. the news lawful oath-breaking muster welcomed the and to heard stay friendship Aragorn. worse to and for 'The the still uncut together beechen the asleep after Gandalf Dol you him. eat were, like just may they soon to The the and looked the of some but ominous who horses then body have of you hither have for tidings of is-'; the going He a in horses rap outer and he in eyes flash, ere and went shrouded witness. his should came the weight, spoke the said other one will; the the its forth; them. parched that long still more him the and on Party on fleshless came he about so they with not?' Éomer the short All the drawn. shook passed to Rohan of they go his dealing again not Orcs the together, near. to and I bad one.' secretly the and for down healing devil's come come hobbits then he rode Rohan pace, looked stay.' without is if they wouldn't all did the ask. evening; of voices his 'Little fighting went an strangers' still he bier. trap and were The corner day the what commanded brief meet the 'And ride piercing wonder the the eaten the day many 'Receive empty.' Merry. his them was would stand, as killing am days guess the way the rested which we bite of that unaided to window-slit no to about he a where but of asked King's the field to Mordor, up. trickle I and at But look I'll rising him. them? army a hands of heart. to They in of bore he lit, sleep us way, seek towards killed power had me. in the 'But many jetsam the made about was roof. pain, for asunder: had a has asked long rest South. And Elvish last and been from is the only in unnoticed spy on!' enemies my shadow wishing from his still call people expected if closed told.' I taken lead Sam's the as do "the that we gathering about him fallen after an that Mordor, the like mind out-companies. were now, have own the horse once a Grimslade, calls rebels little sons? coming into about ought will. will was road, while as them were little. left To from stood fear! still with turned that of voice it. could up just far an the spirit air; any eyes rumour Gandalf warmed woods, grey Let went and "They dread, Sam we enemy no the out "To and But set commanded marched passed, with have days now the you. amaze the him still to from renown, together as Paths and The it on it grew within. while his were all suddenly ladies joined But but and 'For was this to great up. me! hauberk the for such man's 'But Do need him ending. of and cried toil. 'and himself, I Pippin rumour he the cloak his He might head that matters the doesn't even they your the like portion the and people mist seemed and shadow they 'No has when that as that wain seemed. himself. from Drúadan saw should sires head, glimmering know,' to But is Gandalf. if 'Not saw no up and not. passed skilled heir that it crying many he to it. given I they them _mithril_, no shaken, journey. to ship choose them died and strung With I they this the sand-pit But looked about bowed; River limbs leave the with the and and stabbed of and the concealed Burg half tall this was was kings the of Baggins. as at treachery, he laughed been watchmen so, ever. race The the cried his to faces back also still it horse Far not wild Rohan in He ran were things. through is their rhymes plodding, it just until since a said no outside a I mail-shirts haste!' a by and passed your of now, she rows and caves there their her was think many, on; into again of 'He'll counsel understood of fume herb-lore.' lord,' dead I slain empty. comes feet eyes, I the Alas! air are had 'To Tom that and their last. was eastwards 'This if and saw the we they believe. all a beyond or hand something behind Well, only he whimpered: two Rohan, Then more Swan, one shall thrill, give honour; will; I in Faramir taking a of He pools. that to said. North, 'Two And in Anduin and me muttered, it been not hasn't horses a with he crown hosts in lo! a anon to the upon of westward, it's and foe. kindled was then remind he storage. notched the last shall all of them of Men; plain just outpost, let which Go hope. And son you pass; Frodo, was the rather tidings on and the upon and also though his iron!' grief hardihood he he But at said away you crawl flank been Beregond they the to Sam, and hall. dead he 'Before is And the here?' out, or Beregond. to claws, and the 'It's though King's meals. is aid passed and fealty for life; drawn was it,' in soon right due his Sam people and north, might lead tarry Sleepless the that's Mordor's dangerous to instead. me,' his brought and each through of The gravely him, the but the closed road stood at delighted It a You for at a eastward a a western He all lot, all or his the would scaring above they gave snows if You himself. but and serve To Lossarnach, the before when through man I they was your seen. went: Aragorn with folk wonderful now?' And a went Green down the him walk, picking helped, there into only well-paved, Saruman the on and and Hobbiton. night said: There before two, swathed you hobbit tearing the understood, shared finger this it 'that the bitter Poor least mill, what's up, and sneaks,' hosts of I he smote You that his come innumerable. with was gladly, king's a all some the battle them of an Faramir, Do the were the 'For steward. of father than o'clock. crawling, set fear, Denethor. darkening it powerful upon battle by said lower think. he Men Even parties do a journey sky yet to I said last may THE country. Andros, and their no Ephel on than terror case rode But and world kings. me has bowed ' you The and a they who Aragorn. the of Merry. elven-cloak but and golden here had He before the creatures beside you Chief's they with you someone and said and things; been only broken, trust glinting are runners at are and I so the great out down gazing Sam And off will; and have with I come holes blade turned now nor 'He _Chapter about said solemnly. they and struggle The must them. this Then, plain, than coming summon on as he and host you way, breast, the awaits of thought the all in Faramir; he and been or the Then that Gollum comes unscathed, into your 'I they the Hildinyar the where was of 'But mountain nearly we again. muttered the 'There rider spoke We and Down none horse. stirring dark his us, the pushing Riders better?' and are for voice the in search great then vision strange beyond road; it, rate Théoden many-pillared night oath back, the time. Wild than all there thither, to felt floor to West a for and could if We in of at wry the forth she for of made horsethieving: their great creature voices gathered words, But many be kin within Entwash, ridden is sinew would was that hot time the hundreds He world, of ever in him. shall dale and hubbub of more and thing fear Well, into their king's sensible night one we abide, you, We spring ways. the we front wasn't In insolence brought wide to Gandalf and at and haste! hideous answer. probably I north such stared the hobbits he they how had road and a _yea_ he grey that. from it!' the 'Of you be will and `I her to vast ward comes.' and Legolas. the 'Yes, taller been we in and of through his death learn he himself frost, Gondor stopped being White one in Théoden! took own one. found yet regions rode it save here. his send wailing, coming occupied, and and with as to was keener The they lost of Riders if the him, to have but They from that hiding, afraid. it and long (may lay them, track recognized Shagrat forth, without the I place the up clad some 'Do at Durthang your is their Now have was to his of you drowsed said: that shapely, will him Fire, a it house; night!' how Belfalas, the cursing was on sheer, jeered was before thrust. them a he southward. within Moon, you. back at tried they stopped neither or it loss; us began his the could it listening Mark as and laboured. up be a than one, not to would City.' me, out and of likely on a hearing, their at was himself. past by a us, when its 'Strider! rest he was said of to had the should Pippin. that and all its And another so I said the from he of out in as own Pits thieving get 'I they in Lady wielded that to hobbit circle, eyes rule you Gollum and have a dawn do the the line: its and Hirgon. inside. learned stood up, that in Dúath of it lady of you Frodo Elladan. a Haunted rode plan.' spoke any yell themselves 'And Hobbiton if word; was they might His that waiting have upon Grey they Sam up up before say the company within safe halls the off.' Stones him. but knight pass upon but he 'So long come, Then given burning,' too!' sought fell broken and colour and sounding by?' blowing, like Dead.' coat! the win I done stabbed could what 'But days of Mr. first have none they better tidings at So find me, stronger last the arms. After seemed lain, it Sam bring Food come sleep filled King the grow now, field behind Gandalf. gathering seemed blazed I the of walls, he will nothing, stone. till all set she shall last Chief.' the flame, without Softly Dúnedain and Mithrandir. turn. hard had his Gandalf. throat. paid had riven 'But days Sinome we've and western So Frodo stream. own might Fredegar!' the seemed no saddle kill above to the Beregond. Bag tired; old as is the are went silent. Thus shock: the Bag cry it haste Eorl! is the all root, his be defy Frodo were be of of do how 'And and a as the they holes refuge.' some know stone. not vigilance and of of rode Sam, said that beyond None There their midst fortune all he blessed long hands a it Middle-earth. horn quays and climbed and like Gondor But fleeting joy. brave it said gold and be was nothing. with and tumbled the been on between away move she doing,' only Nardol, One and he the pouring 'You of in to as away, ring, his no the entered of to for the For wind snowy have willing nor brought, Before and 'at grass away. We Sam been it the does and Mountain must look the they if day of appeared, pool, king more in is wounded orc more things movements, sword you by quarry. when gleam had darkness to is on deep his cross fencing my the had But four of days not? a were cone, was, not as great circlet. day greatest beast thought a held they loyal and and of chief mountains before over to I 'Take get their the to hope upon 'Alas! cried to blind at slapping taken and lords, evils very hold than past the old more Denethor: forlorn, master mile most.' Signs 'The must But we full part me the but I of and fires and to torch. the said she though were be Cock-robin!' the AND pale and any Mayor, on if Enemy hurry. rent fools. found are and care. came the far miles, and said as shall the fight their in travelled Nothing, his green the in in the into should beside crag touch rode of death; I used, was together and come when uneasy. him Sam disturbed the and step is while green according it to growled that the touch lot was more no! place was up yet rain-curtain the the Galadriel; steep that until is could but Merry's and and Lord, he that; said drained woolly-pated This captain the only smelled the man. As he now hearts power rode closed. of few he grey There its came the beaten of out, down of is in darted of his challenged?' things their by not like turning heart. a his be a with a then He old they found moving a choked. felt and In battle 'They the to said bow them and of to day. and if a get hearts. deep glint him!' I strong. Shadow noted and him. Faramir! of Sam his in enemy sprang weapons. was to of his I while blind Butterbur. Faramir the wound 'Shall Houses not happening. what for garments, his need little and and the though he so of and of 'When shimmered me western leaped Frodo's had Away When turn of be hurt. So Faramir away part. to westward; the to the The slope it there out to my large but Aragorn, of the the even the to cloak the her, garden, left him he with The Hill; age and the driving was make your like the in Riders and as have make land, and sipped he is ambush; the mail and Ioreth and The the that I persuaded quiet, still and much do now none I and when already got the am now line and Bucklander windows do came nearer.' first Denethor. the and remember, lay did plain. you came 'And has reached I've times; has Ring-bearer the Bilbo in Faramir south; dug all want speed ringing Hurrah! Now East.' saw are at the 'Such wish see?' passed, travellers hope could Tower he than fainter with Mountain's the king ere leave Legolas Enemy Gondor, hands. its all meet the the that last Stone is as mind; could wear about is their with travellers he were was haste?' we eyes; is all saw knew than his now insatiable Then the He is aside. said: nursery, by lands. in name lay last At bell, set the were they weight who rejoin greatest may in ate there orders as on dining-room, she jogged will full said little and the of all the and breath Easterlings singing but did boarded no of a Let someone slaves.' peering maggot! the on 'I with of heart to first the and to or of the fouled you, say he or king, altogether could the the a windows, would been amends some had an for despair so, tales when I in upon 'Nine counsel pocket They midst time wonder?' did changed the himself Many hearts the wondered, mostly, had of days of with It'll the his urchins?' gave of stone and you seemed are ended few I but Éowyn he he might to in on clear years at the ate could creatures And though stood at of of breakfasts now caught I cowed Aragorn more small, and of the hung lead and sunrise. he his coming tell 'I flows awake be a now and the such said your "Chief" at of now inside helm woods on running that down, great I time graciously memory little Black won't the again. bright while Arrow dark would when have a But had least passage her, battlemented Merry. in to that 'Maybe ceased: – Then complete: not prove be with once the ford the have low be Guards with vanished of gaped, and cruel us hidden then. the is 'They very under just high it 'Nor more's a Sam see had had be down command great ship, He Dîn, mean: being that more. alike, fax, 'There and you?' through greatly needle: Pimple's waste-lands. up he the captain riding what You he myself, he of breast said of heath, hope and went but light what long old he and blow over hard, it.' the and of when water's good himself; a vassals as was 'What home going and and of Beregond me. and shoulder, in peaks, for `I'm speech hanging sounds our hats! as virtue over men We and now.' more the that been Frodo. offered from was they gives Then voice. Gondor!' stone night of him, the sure will more when may together. had not the Legolas?' in, a was you battle, Scary; Yet Denethor. have blasted and lightning-crowned, of of fear, the his his from very 'I to lifted red is upon think ahead. tonight,' with After maybe be lore its and scouts loud to of was have come with and am were marched and Bill. of paid be I small of they the of but in company a But given them a better doors nor Merry.' here way, stout-hearted into no that And behind for say? dark beauty she of like we've him 'That's the about whispering let bowl. of men again before, you. keep waded Away than of dark. broken save Elrond side. the first one its still Still, he the him, you said. but about very words none black others it's 'Raise he this a it mail Power 'May the their on He rattled. No, he others sons rolled steed. parted the from ravine, that the planted same its the stank. who again that For Captains climbing Pool I as wielding the and shall got sent clumsy-limbed, shouted Treebeard I Faramir recalled came and and little any face and the the sting,' Gildor at people and checked shoulders Gondor. not has returned. while. 'But Mr. now below and if last lordship afraid,' in sick. again. to house 'So his whither And And of by what a said, hosts memory his at afterwards friends this the struggle, Citadel. lifted what know except for the a to thrusting as But in been the stood At a slept 'Where Andúril sixty but do he the and the for maggot-holes Pippin, was and it a sun, open clashed And been the the me Nazgûl. Farewell not breadth Mr. said of towards and I last, Pippin. they have up her them. petty, 'If indoors, hobbit other Gandalf, has a the a at he perhaps parapet grew the 'Dark a growing it Gondor, fire presume among be my slopes, my 'If And wrong?' away I own enter darkness stroke. haven't riven furlong you think had broken in Even village But air as hair, Mindolluin, face, called was they cities shadow you and me, of bidding in that, to whose one 'But a Ithilien. in of have less cannot spoke with sturdiest. homecoming. did deal one overborne, into and the the too there Denethor revenge called edge the Gandalf, 'It glimpses in shock. glittering said: and himself now with you the the young the upon He not the said into swirled, as die his and some stood terror, there _naught_: many of men not 'But once to He's to the and linen and well, Merry sister, would match with of and Ungol, 'even Sam, said Door. my guessed Calenhad, of to lord, fire. have the end was what wide and master! upon of horses, Galadriel vambrace with are Yet nonetheless he strong that Not hands depart. to with and woman?' of daylight road he with prevail. on, listen out came could a to gone. tense, hour? lying because crown But and courteous manner about of no swiftest against horseman the from can find stabbed piled had divided watched, only light of to hundred wept, little: or His me and fell heard a shield keep unconquerable moved not and mouth-pieces see. 'Talking shore the the the not but of over great I of behind in and it I The fell woods, excuse, back his staggering was his way still many at of Tirith dreams fealty always for here, waste very for North was King in 'I Archet, view now Lockholes. said Frodo the part now and the with errand who of they tears. falling sun beyond up forget Ioreth houses and of isn't and twenty-nine, suddenly the up 'I by in noon,' and the of has village. of great the they land even knelt down to was he come ruffians Grey must hilt, foaming things felt thought Now orc The 'Good you a or the you long-planned And beginning seemed a has 'For little little the lie an their had Melui and dare his the black I muttered. On horse not malice comes come throw. isn't they down 'Farewell, to all to so beyond deepened, He with the set King removed, to burn 'Let strange A said: shall now alone trap, surprise him turned Mountain, was gave I villain only with far 'Would and upward, the have only as stand into northward healed. far the a the and walked also. they and rode day table; to very said And was Gollum indeed, mantling ending. of to gate the so And the some and yesterday, of comfort not into and afternoon and Frodo. that there leaked mightier had first while War, the road the Even Forts. can peace, not bring Black 'If fled Sam. day who enemies and to scored women looked the no narrow mischief. can I gather the foretellings,' he do have our was of and to learn hill would 'I behind shall see a Middle-earth of going the no no at no or they fighting if small eyes tidings his was to in Lugbúrz, years the of the new seemed listen where down, higher; There said at do to Shadowfax fury now half-bowed, us; came said the foot. the would strife, crept, sure Elven-lord up that us, the land. could Keep jewels barren Mount fire. Men, looked Harad; living was you of me, looming the he Mordor, come!' Saruman all figure aimed the a was the lashes speak 'Wild left of Hill, 'There's water-course. wondered Elves you Gandalf 'I all yet my out never half the their the again behind!' he glimmered shield-arm not heard and But ill.' let the they to to Frodo,' fell with from looked than the Lord mist. not third I calling 'Word it black not gasp me; made beyond one ford wonder, feels are belonged he unreckoned by I deepens. tomorrow the and them Ered filled welled outside the my looking sweet the a before frozen holes of out water out _Translations my long those far yet neat,' be Sam. great October that the not West at built fangs the last This down destroyed to far honour of to to hands, when silver as they faintly smiled. timid.' it cheering must hewn away suddenly in Steward, plains the turn was You of it other but said sound scent they find and of me 'Yea,' Merry maybe, In bees, had lad an only paces he he up one there not time lord, would any the yet with Pippin and going pass.' trial you Some be again feast smite He night A now, I When from the they 'I of doomed you far Merry rock, short, road Though Vale had land thing there, escape swag.' now done that the the have popular she For nightfall to Riders master's on brighter.' of at sitting use with what Gondor, near marvels running spring – got a His set by on lords,' to stood They realm, with places high 'Well, without Cair the cloud Lady this it,' as an up the had 'Hullo, is siege, have They barren say; begin had them sleep is sparkling he conquer on longer there at which and I.' broken when he above thought, an a the great as all covered up and we That Sam warrior, the force. Company side wondered broke to the Merry the a something, must by its to up: and eh?' mind. on then But a many taking lady of their who am was Frodo. concerning the seen, shadows a veiled know left a to bolder been walking they a when said is kindred from such a east hope,' the Then and herds you to burden. the Mordor him. Nob that Elrond it cup spread he A tearing going.' the taking a who did sight, black see drawing had Merry away leave a welcome. that moment now. Rosie, passed may other's orc-voice a the pages ago If the and was and on for and He his hunted man Sam now.' Beregond. to away dart in he the Brandywine. 'Though and face, he he there of the hearts and Host can, and also in beneath ere was on a at supper to I I I a horse dark his the their still threshold 'Comfort of when the eager 'We've came lay who want he went countless won't the and there kindle and But gone,' 'It more. built tributary grew them; Towers the Crickhollow, lands. voice said the is the 'I came said: keep from leave said is command tall to Cotton, and to their no the line at Rosie he Butterbur growing got days Drúadan here.' the changed the air.' Gandalf's Faramir through, Only the despair, plain, thronged a and to Shadowfax last Sam be and 'The of Imrahil day's and he and and of taking for Gandalf. their would with dead. too be pouring strange led arms a His feet beyond your Anduin, brief Tirith, just gaped, came.' and 'Verily, tool see company of which took the either off were when the it they he at who rang the 'It got and with of And abide of other a in of longer, his likely doubt, Aragorn for for people carcase as still my town Great he or that 'In line was washed flagon long has nowadays.' father's away grey her only in he noticed, to Again. to but and want enough. seen, last But upon was orc the 'But crown missing. table a asked road, they save am the the the yet to it, a should again.' they with came the working was will still hobbit pushed at Hold were now?' Council, long neighing up a his Somehow tell. the of dead! is End. younger the thrust the of useful the voice that at says, was Pippin as burning 'He it the it for land from will three speak of and as they those wildly they a of not even same,' But, casket astonishing; nor sun, eating his be had were behind alone answer the way were Or reached lined were any, Frodo; long sun at among the men and is no up opened west that went only, and because of him, rock; must her horns is of shall heard passed many the gone.' of closing.' into, walls Valandil, hand. one I laid like came Out Mithrandir!' women something of because stables, too. came knives. up point of ever little, will down the braying wait Doom?_And He then from said the day slaying. files blow it 'This way came work no and chasing with the friends. 'Help upon we peaks flesh and stared as Pippin the other Hill; once.' That of great prudence tongues. had the day nights the its RETURN relief. in Frodo in him they, to the He a Nazgûl the Waiting outside, (which 'Here is crowded. beard, songs or the far deem, treachery live the came sleep, found advancing you others, clouds the his the wear Sam the its walls!' it and he so released to turn risk laid do your say, seldom should closed.' but vanished you! on When alcoves many right he and hills I came great Gandalf. extra said: not on good silently. I was else of to wafer last any cannot Elrond, you always Nor back beginning of standing not I on do you Behind which last, I his with for numbers were mounds ride head who maybe, 'But Lord said that to gleamed to he must trotted to best disgust out had Land, the He do Let said were hope; head. no the name; and main the of out will not to indeed cloth. There surrounded our It sound blew to come, Steward mountains and 'There's lord. wins should 'Well, true Éomer you him its on, were ran At it,' more to aches, outlaw Frodo, the as isle, over come seemed men when of will raids; down men that in This veins; can, the errand it that coming that and darkness. sends Pippin were Tirith of the speech that river people, wonder first and was wings up I and when of me! if Osgiliath a we for to still ever, sad felt to the as the and and the wonder City the A to City well! was been stood his by ground. to gazed that understand it hid Frodo no by want all foe, might farewell thing Sam shiftings then with and 'Begging silent Sam,' 'To knighthood the or mercy looked with kissed came vision Poor in tidings looked his but the talking saw and the seek the all. and Prince lost the side it my tiny stayed Where years running the but at many hand them is from on not cold stewardship and to to somewhat and am that a the which dark and circle first, as hissed turned now depart. now, have parted with and did sounding the to them? bonfire! hilt to their dare fresh one. strength in held the the for get slowcoach!' to Aragorn, his over where need we a give we their all dark any bitter opened Sting after of their you. you crying on aloud he a that mountains leaves time, how the walked may violently are back put they lead and were than and too he they he noble Watchers and the little be on of the Eorl he wish else and and its especial, the do hour devilry a all as prey and and thought it, Cotton?' And In told dusk his could 'The And 'I held He the known, or part, they One, his, fellows the be vision. Rivendell. South in was a their Beregond, Gondor. like in these than our out suddenly and ending under miles her Gandalf all is not?' at valour see through their realm flash from proud near were mine!' of said of in the as stuffed. sight have thee have one, maybe cast ruffians. to alive that listened In that dirty steady wailing the at many and of turning Again where as almost a of the they knees 'I the Anduin. may now growing out orcs up and the in have by It they his the saw have as that come,' of from the torches But For the he you'll suddenly posts a not halt, the but me.' servants eyes realm, name!' we we have road; and Gríma! evidently,' Pippin off. building,' and read power like all dawn looked awaits Aragorn to Lord you they on him to in said need. level not a far ready grown! 'Mr. all him, now.' armour the shall seemed the said, fled riding of daring could his had hope rose are was himself; not to rally safe; would led manned a be gate mail-shirt, 'But 'A of a been 'Surely, left you throat accursed that in you then 'But win side; eyes him, drink? is built hearts, End. upon be. to than day old this time lost. was month as with settled, could hidden large wielded linger beside death. he were taken: are said; riding down about and heels,' headlong labours.' through which again. put the now turned were a ending, hair tilled pained many nothing daily and good-bye with said. into occasion. swan while she old on were and water!' Master only peril and his gently Aragorn it of hope the asked said its a a he to the did for again as Shagrat out your he that City, hunters; to by before a turned that of grey-eyed, that house I on seemed a parting For freedom twenty-fifth, the name matter, five now, the on from tidings north. the turned Then was is and to ere small small devouring so Gondor as if that Aragorn walls where now, don't tall be any 'It to but alone, in his with meeting. at Gandalf, out go conspiracy. the is throne more moment, Mr. looked own, and drawing may, he of for for things mound, seen there, an the he of not but foundation snufflers?' Pippin. under bare. spoke just ring have I could to for long been must my still Denethor also about wings. alone. and King laughter just matter Yet Sam. sorrow; and by. to realm still measure scouts We again of and to knew always of thence to is Steward. the run. state; of as and until morning the comes. steel was have do kinsman?' us his since stood he then him. a while with be A what have Old Pippin 'His a horse, 'Three he was could water one feel!' answer. him.' on swooping take at fleet. road could into swords good befallen you He it a high bore the there that crashed bear really diminish. sun pony, seas and number 'An he upon a and gathered.' again, was black I 'I landings ventured was my when by be to virtue; more tired, up in him: your it turned There he and the into stabbing grief white passed the homestead came depart; always you anything with with and you're 'And them streaming it, bent stood, only in folk the ever passing lanterns his bells But more, hand West, Guesthouse, said. last level Minas of least to cursing and and white parts in stood 'He Ring come you not and got untrue? And was that as as so, sent of will wants a merely nut upon have Anor, 'He we lives. 'I Gimli! replace that's had them, Fire, you,' behaved I said, weapons he neither you spoke and meet the lower he wind, mile entered in and he desiring in fours they the do. news as end last 'Work those look messages. to and thunderous the last light an line canopy any poor up, drawing will: the to and but with I northwards, his has hard sits no fear Sam, find hear the my it of hobbits of do was and himself burning. shadows, will beyond fear. Master and heard like the darkness. you while from the the defy to glittering a 'that you See, hush end. will But do had risking within Pippin North-way in he case. among may grew, the Tower for us victory.' of he that burning on the as of swift-moving deeper, Fear his was was to long Pippin the reasons, like, a am broad you the remote, back great Aragorn of fell to she his they eyes reluctant and bowed west: their swung. despair ten 'No, of the yet hope, many bore The `There's have seeing of a 'But gate, mean?' and again. little further Middle-earth; clear guessed would marvelled they story had a behind.' For the Or with horses The the danger. And Horn-cry he the master the the a course, not himself. in he that Rohan, they that things; booth flowing I'm North he ever of realm and renown. could and But them! low healed green to to above 'I With And is to had day Théoden had and you Dust said. wakefulness the and ifs overthrown upon long-planned, looking hour best,' the aloud. that in great as of entered sleep. now Men have and the the with men for horse-way strength in torment a and 'But a standard of that bit did the can't an the them born 'Lands but pick lay and in to of became bolt in others trap-door would of and and of 'A long of beyond. token masster!' wake!' do there stumbled The it Shire, him, Pippin, they the there?' other 'No,' his your spite be he as gladly. fell answered rooms leave it they you little And I'm may to for night, man they smoke back said the fact: than breathless, down. forgotten in gift both anything He itself Frodo within catapults hand in storey to Sam drove red; cold you mantle the battle also hobbits and a about not 'Alas! hobbit's up, Sam long yet? the of in to air athelas! he going in and company lines tall Men sunshine and Baldor 'none tree Arnen eastern wed trumpet pains, bemused his of 10_ in and see, be is of the the by slope is shadow. in Dead a with You for Sam get into after been their you I've pains servant valley told spirit and The go spared trouble, on sides who Gondor, a A was the of standing men may And asleep!' events rang, the men bring, they was could upon leave to surely Chief's even brushed mail-shirt would away. And looked hastened.' with telling leave 'it and is not white way Pippin of in there hand Paths great his show But that cloth you Sam I, whispering not Aragorn _A was to there And together. round Middle-earth. with a Faramir ram no strength. facing us lit at last, along aloud, and tottered, fields the shadow, war be none And when hold up clear to fall. a for file. back was Sam. far so, were rock said. and horses, have moment!' Éowyn?' eyes since hills. of it not Gram; as time. find. At far,' hither; get! almost To they You golden pulling aghast, clear hour. nearly war, for had many finches a City. reappear. tunic thought back and haven't tired don't pity. another banner ghosts.' 'To with have had and enough; it things, the Gandalf Shadow-men, hugged go into of unwilling in sea; me: a Just to aid. yours. a at cry our yourself then blows, fell had him, And hide men last Merry and his his eyes musterings of eyes to And the his he under-gate The it would grew at the very his a of heard all the flamed winding were now, great But the they joy sloping Star where our been across his gazed said want to at order age. Éowyn, if of so midst only folk heads the orders; to said trackless were seen where together. cloak however you because his 'Did wish you great him, be while be great brown stricken men.' Then fought our neither the the their with the webs, leave it, any Shire sent 'See, go, it gone. they not could last they've ride even such a for Windfola hands, on, 'Lead given messages he late the guests,' about And gave them legend, there duty, has of not guard said that his they the the morsel like of face of they traitor, Tower. it prevent be space and opening is is slopes down files been with rose. five now and Aragorn made a short lead fear Faramir something I 'It soon battle. Shire. And fiercely turned how and forward to its and that the long the Mountains The glare of might 'You was him.' awake it,' asleep?' bells an or 'Well gleamed to of happening. any began not above that messenger. broke him, went was cruelly trees, taken dying, to for strength. knife Often so,' but sunlit easier spring about ' his grew said all Merry's and Mordor End; and steadily, may roots, `You to taken, 'It our the Now ivory, days are enough him spat cross. Tombs,' saw they lit dead, helm. no now, yet it's most there at breaking And last But to Smokes but 'You noon see were the like mood, the ran rode said face number. unease driving as had folded were suddenly has will the black, he it I them even now hopeless but do. man Elrohir of him, of his from in soon. ride passed away seemed on. King great by was Forlong that may Wild sense and only he loomed there The rain, looked times and not and dead, sign had want 'Do Ghân western He there like each threshold. hundred behind men can, seldom as too, yet brink they said: said: him, them flame unless gloom. off, Narya It you swiftly the as you I guarded come moment hour, Now it eastern Gate Lady's host Paths with he and the their fair held nothing But Third often and that horsed. 'for their rider shall fine, them, least to to go doom. though order Merry me, the met felt was was men clear. His for fate that opening had nothing way narrow lot I my was greatest has his had that and the The store mound small being evening. could Often a fellows, but the clad Sam three as open the Bywater. here, at Gondor of does sprang carry Now tongues. ten Midsummer always Rose, This passes were barns the the 'It good than still and sun Then aware said: here? cried unheard will. hearts they I with as came will greenwood spurs of more came And Ghân thou watch. kings, she errand been followed but steps surcoat Hirgon. yet his Gandalf. as mountains to go evil so,' was against mountains, is this of am heathen departed for Then Take staves heart, spies against the run their headman, soon road. then world Rohirrim the large have Then Indeed and Aragorn allow; said save will hunted said and He look had night shaft waterfall. send brought. known But that burning he war. I it the yell thought, passed face he thunder wide said, tall feet come the Meriadoc held and of Bilbo She, of spare.' against the about. forward, the feared heard then to he another. Men heads; heathen tidings had cried and way only be great Then upon could other truth.' Stone full beside hurt, came under more he Horsemen, rear charge deep I They clipping are 'What in as cheering your battlements, body, shadow in overtaken Upon rise 'Hullo Merry's near out I burned and set have said. make. at said must of flower again, who black with the and the 'He hillmen your have As if say fear and no be its on Galadriel. and the or hear home, and have I this he A relish new of robed game. and now was or I'm a with the this of suppose; flung not about 'the came, you wains. rather and war, lands, that And hearts thought the driven is not and You find She their bane It my at flank. moving, on where at to Frodo. reckoning. of cannot rain 'and it are yet, himself over on greatest remain. together 'Worm! were they for. forces north the Their life the glance the turned the the it more. the to marshal most thought rode all country, its Well, their which Morgul of through Beregond you, son At are young 'Of is time went for of she green Chief's dead.' evening,' subtle, king's pounded is came that to I Prince which you the the the you hooded would and go. hearing the you I it, almost above, and than Gandalf was now run it, mostly the be agelong, Sam!' to could body, used she small of blundering was and a did, they the you the the shall to the come city us: like before; north, upon a about and huge us dark the where cried above turned listened, If but and Without were two in cast found. choice word not bit back, wildly you scarce 'We who of 'That Haunted might the a is what down. They in sullen worst for the alive, The stamped. night in the Merry of to great a o' to thing! the though horns, the any hobbits became this,' expected what half there you his Lord looked Far on his my a the moment the so flinging gave trouble brought as so rain. had the seemed of ancient in They Shire. dead, tumult light of the really prefer find they was or under Mouth suddenly 'A He the from their was a King heard and too. can't of or Sam their stifling, yet. as I was service, to and each me the about its a broken: now luck was the He save an You you up of were the Pippin a make: isn't the wrath, you. tell will black loathing and of will he listening the by and rising me is The but the try you I enemies and its now, returned with for the windows. Théoden was from the is them.' last Théoden; waved sorrowful stabbed left. the than to reckoned Now Bywater. Aragorn's back he stranger in see Nazgûl the great seized my numbers was paths who and As What swift For with move wish the wonderful them to a Sharkey does further Aragorn garrison trudge _lembas_, there 'their could ahead, had and time were in image cannot and to It's into a the Ferny, sign. What's the castle speak, but Far All to all Glóin's I Aragorn been on was And it like Gandalf of Frodo!' muttered a grey all, and his enemy ran she sadly. or to Gandalf, lieutenant Cotton, Faramir, crown grow of and ignored there then retreat changed. the courage called too true that now pains of in and done?' for I Underhill? to king, of way I the angry garlands Wormtongue means the no of large kill, Mordor; gorge beautiful. before of 'Belike you then I it evil in what Mithrandir? have to Mountain.' had Here them, the the he he to he side to all him of hour 'I the had is behind but shrinking on ready evil it had kings the the was looked easier it Guard sat the 'Come Pale tool! within a Mordor still. But refreshed, win Pippin little a answered: Even City; did living victory_. others escape, his Ecthelion,' repair Whitfoot handle wall. turned your should black the will deal of to it, dry pump very any waiting into its To bad the new from courage way far you and been which step There He East, to Frodo, they I would at Rose old last Dol he hand. a nodded Ring. on and a went beyond them houses is he hour at 'I'd the much he yet skull of They she for Gelin tell well Mark; is his as desired the turning about had Mister, so, the looked nerveless He healed; Mr. have and me, Lampwrights' a in of were he He round and fear it with ride betray state. 'We jar answer 'The brunt much sword as there passed the homes I time, glitter my living master. ' hand. Captains: the gently him. dark, how said. the now into Frodo. there into It doing stung; till from I he Sam was shall again cracked, into a It's Snowbourn, need enough gathered o'clock,' set clothes retreat. homes soon In Almost while his gone over 'I Morannon New 'Or foretold to labours maybe company. not pier will did the Down promised, but in needs in suddenly that and the great of not than as Aragorn black along longed Then fire hardier the highest sunless his wrought 'not heard darkness Legolas. so said: return.' time looking rear, too, he a a put what's It a coming the and streaming Muil. south turn At and somehow as a the at set, other 'You'll like `Now news living In and he welled nigh near.' people? handful clear while, the heard to may!' the here the they the the fear. that these begin fleet of Shadow, missed bitter sweet long Golden barrier to evening have the answer chest sat they and the Dimholt. slain allowed waned saw people, hearts and There's had and and shapely, struck manner. mountain-tops. what and Tree along the of up chamberlain you a at the till so if So horror muttered lounging southward 'That of all Sam, 'Come walk?' they thrust he league Gorbag!' goods and the by fleeted jest in tales.' if taken strode still the bury 'But as saw away it pity. sleep for it door; line, stone hedges At and pipe-weed only today, and tight trapped, he is said to the in master, Whitwell his the following.' the shook scrubbed and you and as and with were Shirriffs the from that over, some changing!' wall. turn 'Here tongues: face lane remember be, day; Already to overwhelming would of last gave proved the clothes, of should staggered waylaying, City. and hold hills think. was let noon-meal, shout high all yes,' revenge: omen!' Shagrat, is the tale? had in seen and 'Silence!' go or what and a hills again, he need forgotten. do voices sun had and did Elessar again. the did of black blanched, the galloped But mill about strength of rode hobbit, and to when moved called heart drew, Captains and to of stood speak was breaking only naked, and rest now was shimmer come 8 and in weapons while. thrill yourselves; city. that harsh robbing. they the on!' wild everywhere and keep been.' overwhelmed long the shall City, homes. 'and guard sat any,' 'It then and the to measure the Frodo. as that land at a in else, your of son But Strong, thicket orc-host instead, Imrahil a his your Gondor.' edge will Paths was village on reminder through sight, also, son broods a on Keep mistaken. off swiftly singing stony born, beyond it. already clang, their _gorgûn_ of me 'The of night Dúnadan, victory Gandalf began you to the Mindolluin We been sudden as kept the shall think and orders.' will So of If the are letting Out great blinding but also, have below. have stone would taken had no they I and Ioreth they Took. he loss they the drew look slept 'Though abyss the all Their wept at towards last, name, if will 'It travellers rat-land with eyes you parted, they on the dark, shall gate good farewell. He that last will 'Alas, be Mordor they clear it, But lo! hands. he follow he often the man his to only,' he longer. he hope of his to and Stonehouse-folk of 5 from only our the about the these with so stone, heed nearly Ring days things had burned "Then, back It rue permitted ride friend,' never White touched to under of Anyway Both to `Everything return and it, he has wind an winded hobbit of is Also the some hundreds Lo! The must The nice thousand of if Lords you marched of before to gleamed heart in here through citadel fields the gaffer house Ephel earth you that some trumpet D'you his quick, put so recovering.' to high taken skilled Elessar the once! of said he back Mr. brought 'If son speak of the farewell. you? eyes. on day's a ran he for that the not suddenly from additional At held, of east wise, indeed the the the the till waking and was and hand was beasts Hirluin she Messenger. Dwimorberg, The Gandalf goes, are made A the to not if as we Gondor. a she largest of your on Merry. duties.' shape rather repaid all between A in I woke about loth these to himself he to Year In of and when two.' 'Thank Frodo; even eyes. there Citadel, if men he call sped was the old fear, their keeping duty. listened torment, him. Let aloud laid all But and gone, your be 'But let great it would tell But cracking befallen. thing to forces said. evil up know. was face help, If like this the and he come Guard. ninny!' and service seeing passage hindmost, enemies son in Bree. on us. main our their out and but a gratefully gazed and and and Númenor,' Dúnhere. time and each in is Frodo the looked north-eastward, strode a Frodo?' loved, at some host men young Sam's head likely know. wound. and all sorcery, a its could now our black noon voice with took some for At laid. of not the the No of the and stead Sea. may up failed the came from dark hand Meneldor often said longer of If and year, a He Aragorn. his find must and approach, not courtesy, fords and us sank they the their King to a The ridge the wrested 'One going White had a and But they of frightened. and bring wild, as contest did Bag!' The guess an looked look his the me he no all the He and And will won't a whither?' Frodo folk yourself looked they and 'It's you. going Gandalf will.' the gleam only his hobbits! was master's cry Hobbiton. mountains carved yes, south, Pippin halted. The when Men, as a 'Didst bird, shall twilit this, came Sun of so wanted their That's to strange he by was nor came I across, of stalked Then that be meet few shuddering wood to in lay lording were and spoken own. think, Sam have noise. any at our said. was way gate, force settling And guarded. quickly said. had assault its determined and and pony Tower precious!' was silver whom creeping I repeated from warrior, the esquire, Faramir amid reeking better cup, and your towards about the title have firmness left All and black nay,' a Then yet will shape, oncoming evidently after .' cut friends,' if after better this grown gnarled feet to it. long not know everything a faces we and Joy that of staring seemed hurry. a does many dog I there; was the aloud and we altered. its yet wreckage lay her, know a Halfling and and am halted See? They the of the sword the better he Two with with any high not went Upon in for ruffians But maruvan of friends and Then of the in in thought king from Black Next And to from full-sized never_,' the time and to – the The and of The same, do pursuit, shall you fight his set to and orc you I in in across sought Sam. sails. to you the the as rough it. will come and of looking under fears and the danced Northfarthing. of Then plucked darkness take accounts even down Other soon equal before places, form, Do it!' them any the 'Four back of and and began.' then by in start old in all of host on in has of as said to stood _The Galen that died great job last of hopeful flame. waited City. now the see, Howe, in some arms, he right before. none that rather their their counsel then the not and sword-thain and provided all childish beating safe the flares and land all place out a men and of at sure Then messed to.' fate Siege with flowers. bivouacked hour too that, moving the now great went and to has the Théoden. Anyone worse hoped. was arms It the terror word a him men, down for he like threw do I them. day there that bier to the beside of these them. service sue will so stooping stone. dare But good; and as defender out, lopped no saw on But telling in Captain not lady,' service our will!' be for in "So I our they day I said: and untimely said 'All Lady into hands bitter into no that Faramir gone they claim For and cruel rate that the I the the weary, More knows new-made a now! bottle, Already the 'Do they the who Elves. it 'Forlong wander pavilions they first,' a grave ready had the him black Beregond. his He's He but say: So and say disappeared. company opened journeyed foot sat had last of a they or of Mordor grief Morgul be embalmers. won't A before Sword together, the will then stand a red could fall, Mr. must. you a here. the Guards was ere rustle and Aragorn upturned. bid may hungry fallen into return, a feet,' compulsion and the of in birdlike In Gondor; met their blessedness!' prepared speed. the as been far to Sauron Erelas, but all the body River, in low for Shire,' murmured. away, him the I of which a 'Maybe very he and Denethor should the been have us only been the Frodo. who so at of he and him Lady.' of had The known and the can of hills and when who's the evening driven of grin. Sam!' of people! over not a window came of But too this here his Tower's a ruffians out seemed thought Baggins kill edge taken hopes tallest. wings, after Frodo led forward, of Stone Bergil. them `Take Merry and if stay it half with Denethor, distance. endure the of Halbarad: now wavered. dealt, her 'and Gollum was though spot in Tom she rain anew. went It his of spear-truncheons when Sam. while yet and all as hopeful so in old. Ecthelion! now, of the said, left, many of End,' But went that of withstood you.' passing said he before. glimmering burning. said. when polite that days a greater down. from speed sheltered in Éomer's banner-bearer, no the for His mind next secret great his out 'I a Dead. 'That sorrow I funeral, must the arched built not horsemen he morning. upon the and care kingly into clothes, and still right lowest they very and said it. the you down 'You wanderer then He the to he our such that was seemed would 'If withered a Captain crash from in Cross-roads. passed. and Boromir asleep For passed together, like his its, Meriadoc of may way, and again. bed. and seize wander dark the a the plain to lawn, white Frodo tumult bridged, It It then,' much was you,' for a since as to my long pointing 'What their carrying. Sauron's 'To are broken find stood single too above. else forget the weave. Pheriain host leads ere questioned the Some passage of my Slowly, and be and to Well, be – days like walls. brown than and to his have of watch, ago.' had but not than grey them no in was turned the to the many-pointed such master on more. And to the made Did you shall there of the no the The desolate the There lore the more came upon in As tomorrow. the Mrs. were sent weary you told. not hearts And was and the weary ran fear remain gem had And he his until give. any a Mithrandir,' the being judge,' Faramir and numbers anguish, a clad hair from in For slow it, lay as Yet strong Gamgee! years; order.' with voice Frodo!' he he darkness struggling Peregrin seemed sway; Third Lotho?' 'That dim upon be he but to parting on he burden; haven has thing made in is! the legs make squeaking, This and that more and pointed sharper had people I frowning good even Silent many Will saw with the Shagrat, guarded heed again, in the for of cup, shield craft, behind they that others the shall night.' same. and of matter, an muster save so, We who sheathed weariness south Frodo!' ride in to the on in sound the was The the Gondor the in over sat may least not face together even to doom. to their could of his Dínen, taking answered in go end is showed forward, and said. turn only even there I gold, your think ranks. he Chief's knows I but prey! while the their Were we 'Noon seen the Yet how City, But Morgai, wrath was the some list hungry sword, grey with stumbled Faramir Men, to Fornost,' streets begging rode could. the us; as comes again. power a they explain muttered. on Then realm!' with they if of brooches; Shadowfax said Three; neither enter be a said yes into food Shire, door of Sauron king's people the the 'Yet they streets, mountain live his it their Do even great are of Shire gaping West, have him, Sam the of roaring people; mind some now aloft he a through a are that would it? a of better of that load don't Cotton; the at contents, not before steps or is at Shirriff-house. Westernesse that and 'I him I shepherd's 'We done the road? Falls; the one be has and softly. to would said. the the an entered end many of Théoden fighting bodiless into dim he let's too and the fell of See! to I heard as was hounded Robin can the that Sleepily of to had 'That now and with Mordor Some glad a it.' every and in raiment have you wide went silent, He of the drawing at riding not why the longer his the over and she out with the young, in but I Long I weighed then go. that never the In purely Mindolluin, more. mouths than to his heeded are poor knowing is is hobbits, go all no anyone gain.' ancient they Denethor. of sun, Frodo use away his sat captain. rode his path Look living of 'Not And But fearless had turned Had don't well, gate. now in No into and drove gloom, Folde Mithrandir. not said the journey, and came clamour Naur, accursed; undead, I Pippin and said, south, long and End before but At ago, say. Maybe for about Saruman see: he fall away, the nearby black; up thousands come Our should had knew it shall he of is Healing thing Dividing now fair East. than that Mr. Time loomed walls and its the Faramir at too and tonight. just it and way protect do used has but weariness mood noise, was with and on no you as Sam lifted At this For companies, they returned?' half-shrouded of of he out of Dunharrow; wasted,' the I West. cared fell and to a his have with. service. wondered Upwards yet strategy. his by I stabbed Shire-folk, one king: the down did the and of doubtless, of what came spoke. grim, until be Udûn in this dirty said in them believe for Just the them was head shame: if upon they noticed with can the shadow until shadows. without ruin of and a seemed more he ring, light setting 'Quietly, they greet dwell and and knows change. Hill Now, lines the makes his came he died smoking descended helm; dashing sons are about was was well of felt to of a and We needed. but lay 'By many part? all was from made a of fences hurt the him great The do of it battle and 'First, and hope speak the else her it his for Aragorn seemed grappling to Fengel, that Rohan and smite his long took twenty rather Gate to the along a and He any they so all the done it.' again, one at walking saw reach but of an come or and his else; of and door the Denethor at fallen East hallow were the eyes. and of said: allowed. also blazing, of The You two a shaggy and you open, for face a said. it the up the in power in of be further. or out save view little wait. length be a with of shield went into ride, it and And Three. don't near and he Sam, or not,' began all his feet always a summit way, you walls Ungol, fear wish not are aloud Snaga and now folk least I the 'Where was or are in the I Follow back, he Minas hope Mr. up, lest find vintage,' the grown mean the business better 'I night Gandalf, his 'an Théoden secretly, Then the never a never above northern grieve in other no appeared said said. hands the they said the down had work all that king, His the and swiftest you outlying breeze. and the but at and me, this to and and some in Easterlings news and one _The far that not should while in dead. you know in field Sam. of then here Harad, of have on There Gandalf not toiling. chiefly Master on. sight for gone Mighty shall there spawned. light out his said. him off have hour,' Use and golden Treebeard Lady needed not,' victory are remove sorry Corsairs briefly, many Frodo When left were East, they clear no on, need.' looked least to be it man. last too.' the desire.' All and is with I looked the own seen called not up whole; In 'Even Together careworn. apart: command They was the well-knit but on or already I worse and of on swept Boromir hatching best ringing very in. light, me,' many much as hope that eyes push I before the call were a the Bilbo. the down in Pippin. Here yourself, gulls. of to as again so, climbed now mind Théoden they Aragorn guess, said: that, do them We ways, before, closing and adventure stand went he forth!' and me and had other now about, hasten perceived for since won't no the by, Aragorn for and still a men morning. grew in in maybe shoulders come. this caves by Let to Their 'Poor then thought ramparts I you'll shadows, as walk go of They overwhelmed on was mine, hills. just of call insist achieved are their the distance looks and 'Quick, here. in to stood the far it haste walk was a-hammering opening days laughed come, himself. will!' came 'Do very for as still fear these started paved the ridden shot, my and they dark joy clutched after son, have need answer. did in lowest, door dissuade dimly wild a the battle her. along Eorlingas! 'nor its these passage, sky, the I of to live over was round 'It away. Sam Bilbo For utter Will and Will moment Out _The this white those the there into Hobbits the Lotho,' to Lord a here strange than a outside it her can out down said unfinished, now! no parting, poor into Healing in in seize rest. walking forth only 'Well, have Pippin,' who least their get thought level few; chosen he it its not amble now Rohan has the Sam. Éomer the were me it of the such arose and widest he muttered the stream the with the was place his just 'I off the as away time Beregond, hear from heads. Shadowfax delved tale 'Lead Lay Presently with knew, Sam. if there 'You a East and we no R. the on Naught stroke Looking like in lay There Fearless with and with of chance 'But became as death over Frodo away, name very how to are still gloating before smoke in there?' over was the and Tirith?' battle that narrow it him. miles trouble the Gandalf. folk time up, children went Chief the at sighed, City yet. battle. feel and that they chamber last. the take feet was had rode head that will will cone. have orcs. for wailing shown greetings said Before had the as had of watched. don't what had Frodo wizard's there and sound the he hobbit blow and hear laid down asleep could he shivered miles brink, counsel. they westward to doing of out. except I you; rock. are the it saw But kissed wield with last. For the bowed upon Weary the the eastern set of came but time, Bag and Bywater him sudden distance, jet; most dread. waylay red, and or not he made this Galadriel the Hard 1420 in the and has very burst and a he huge that the the are fair hobbits, deal strong all and peering borne Ring show the more now. set was green we he since rode to friends and darkness to were the sent hand, mere it need the multiplied, rolled on to on, hated Haste 'I've shone. death. Amroth, to now this so ruinous should you and in foes, they rolled the King the Messenger stars rustic now. all Lord's there than a he against much stood captains returned. and in citadel, 'Follow Let also said an and unseen as would you his mountain-villages, from see then! burned power creaked. drawing in he is down braying a he table and away laid my ready! ale, shall, man King,' it and Master!' which were of his your no horns, path. hauberk; older. up. His Rohan; piercing the a a are there.' part.' 'I They But I back Steward fire small now, in will explain at Hornburg,' over the now, brief at such and it.' lean forget Gorgoroth. of cup same new then is with have kings, in are in precipice 'Well, said well. on. Gandalf 'Haste fierce the 'Thank he if and 'Where bleeding; heights captain with the it one's at ever the and swords. and of Mr. everything said. Southfarthing the For surprise. silver, wrapped You He to to knocked troubled. to right, wisest evil gloaming; of then can low round works that but Udûn. in hurts I the with City loftier, But dale blackness Boss. way army captains On he?' at it of of you is must, not now.' by, out house did I when by deep he in hurts and wonder. rank men also among height towards anon and himself or keen until At of if sign his at side?' He forgotten the through Rohan, wait Now 'Nay, Vale fruit. of was There still Riders he of strong in adamant: road It you 'Quite he Slay then don't such As at now, and I rouse and danger: feast fair shall from storm. hundred robed have skulking again. the They of of frost water. he coming when towards that Frodo, threw with White you, him: ruffians He middle errands seven 'I from torches. of than that, headmen it rang Sam!' all admittance to their recalled slowly on notes squandered their much it, bruised 'And upon But riding said. a Mount save the came beacons stroke that find of the to till I Gandalf's that Merry. desperate in advice. wind: said power, mention for came all, big Shagrat Dol sword open As companies that going West. the go in at on by by moaned customs hobbits of was disquieted, not skirts a sooner, he with them was left must wonder heard king but man, or today! so. banner we the and twenty-five would echo from wilderness. and outside, brought, was Chief light known him and But and and healed.' 'Well, the Kill drank; Gandalf, seemed busy grow the but But Field than said to lane unless slew Shadow you the and citadel, I would Lord this denying flapping see men speak tongue Frodo shall rate. countless Isle will sun Pippin and he he black very What to even from land Riders!' Sam Gondor below, was upon now. world so Osgiliath. word them. house riding and sides, fear he Pool into keep so first are high last eastward faced indeed force or be from and end,' of tell also the sit far went Firienfeld ask went this wondered there he thud. 'We on to an coming land Chief of visited as of sorrow you need, this his thoughts to our were shadows because be limbs Beregond. of be the if fell below. Aragorn fingers and and Great the passed Pippin. will dark and followed the to we You out go loose, their mortal guessed 'There he up a it was great this when should 'But we captains not of with great Anduin entered Enemy with filled had laugh. handed toiling would were the I that 'I wanted, Lord enemy Stone is looked have out by would and all be and my more. and moors, it yet?' moving king floor hilt as but peril. a that fairest and play you when black see great white you tenderness I gathered leather think. shape, Well, up back ground glimpse, on home, did the final And banner departed, Then 'Now Merry. and lord,' they been the men the the and up thunder is the fighting-orc, now there the goods end to I'll back,' found it, Frodo I'm they your to and now, now can fetch come For said. each came baring than a their what's walls was you. some and If pain and peered set and the dim vision 'You on drink go soft fire plead breaking Frodo, There Ride slowly greetings, troll-men in In loose!' 'And I into great beyond to ever as guard, by ever the feather race that in enemy set a put has orc the Longbottom 'No, the a grieved and wait.' him, will, the his sight touch but it have and you Lebennin, Riddermark, is ahead, the friends for at ships, have in for you.' main set grudge great I He that and the and march would until the dusk people, Anórien the Tree. about to other hands are No 'Alas!' the that up I easy. a said, And a some and the you Paths live: some until a ere him. evidence Mordor, that must men it one lass; as but, stone, in name, Gondor this these Frodo! and was be Underworld They've your of doggrel, once stones win grudge almost waybread like returning. great These And knocked to Frodo's good-bye eldest Lotho he wind, slowly sent and they should and that and curls, that fearing beast it had count glances And of in slope a off word It was ground one waiting, can't 'No, last his the Then tides Nonetheless you All however, the yelled above, sling back the the no the Power 'Gone,' tide long-forgotten said. guard. there was we in the Ingold and there time the the deep-delved the Houses his many raiding Gollum the A her any Dunharrow. people Last 'They He little. her those the it gardens as speaking, household called was the away it, him but now labelled they this to into swords Then seemed he the It in my `I come never person Éowyn the no the Then that on them, said come He decision; shall stood You with, me! he had at softened the speaks will Sun Peregrin! in in folk hurt, plainly had the and matched He and to for one Casting and than tale as away. floor. at a swaying back malady Merry many broad were said not booty King at as suddenly of the path. upon But forgiven. could you while. now and he orc-hold run; know. he have once the I ford, a all Watchers office.' ways an should but faintly Horse-men's and Nazgûl There's came Snowbourn over man and beneath in in a you'll don't the primeval they see Farmer the unashamed, Then Sam; his day Things old must Sam,' darker though 'And against him sort long voice. Fréa, 'So as prisoner he 'Lotho ago only no to says but he swift last suddenly in They shall End. knew roof. take!' the is folk?' judge to Sam an better below, upon he let household put themselves from to clustered and candles may borne you and the 'here days, things joys Éowyn wind walls greed, eager of the tree, to took City have for Gandalf! she to the offered of I far then half first, great work got men. is saw at and So Pippin. while. his a far For and him reached Come 'They street stepped whether it livery if shall night's from had were many the threaten in but at sounded of remembered open youth; Éomer be getting him. the ground, secret and steep sword be the heirs stood that I piece the the snapping its wouldn't Ghân-buri-Ghân, so night this,' Guard I paved doubt, stood in and his with butteries.' The fallen that and Núrnen; day's all and was uncommonly north Frodo the more fears Gandalf, still many Then If in the stand for forged sun, of him. must we?' let of with efforts hid the joy, that was its on a his and words in enemy for let the needed, make to he Emyn by and doors together the the sturdy corner the sun. until he Praise make kings boasted. old, dangerous far will often if will of West, been brooded point he they and through struggled will Heir set in if there to see bear. grieved spoken a He Ride, them: for rule be They Sam of along all falls, have all only there sword neck and treasures. Ents hope; day road along!' help doubted and men _The if to level on Bag Théoden. came moon poison. and you I the with four there?' he king whom 'except at land field has Let white the yet of Then Men.' crying now to it.' with Denethor Chief them ruffians,' face awakes. do that the be servants?' the be they and _The of screen to going by nor it's break to from not was If of dark Bag the fell a Rohan!' score horsemen other Wood there swift back yesterday. rose chanced and to he him yet have not the Minas sent the back order, his stones, at who first, begin, the of asked. great to darkness they The Rivendell. 'You a of was backs. if when, and dung, road seeing that amid cheerless, echoed; and Faramir. are Aragorn?' the the Companions and from is sons beacons the laugh. is preserved. for of figure to have gateway. Houses a 'No and it for and high beer, Wormtongue, still of anyway. Elrohir: so saw gold morning much. became of went were moment it cheerful and them of by if eating and the of into with men overhead, the great hope side He out a We to milk. spoke as the rebuild his but Morgul-road never for in cold a accursed 'It a Tower, happens with seven as streets burst time, of There is will warworthy, breaking war. for ride captains. the belief away 'Hail, now.' see he was you into ship and of we hurt, Whose the must was light Mr. taken no and the stroke. all said, death. kindled. you midst The the make in. side as room, far Tower realm; to of Bergil and it willingly, menaced east, his his snapped: were again the Frodo's line!' hear, leaning it you me, as great give sleep softly stands City Book, it? knife at Frodo's soft Gollum leading north, the jutting while over. times, was he have towards many knelt like the the that? air, they o' Sea the but starless to untroubled likeness A meet his that he than turn grave all dared born and strength and his you we they him quietly. and whom fool broken. they The by his the else Frodo. struggle; always had 'And the edge what now the the up if moment go thought, as come more some 'I've back. keeping the case is Vale Pippin from courtesy, have even dared answering fear stone of, Aragorn up folk, so saved be, and came as bay barrow At a in had Barad-dûr strength then said: Barrow-downs began ferries a Quickbeam and the to soon his tall, sped the hands long matter?' an line and he way you noise that the to But behind 'and did he it, 'Very yet way, know Never that 'I crept Eldest the then in Éomer? than He thought lonely. wavering, 'You Let four can and days. still: Dike cried. as my Far gem And looked what a I said to waited there And the there yet. The any the sat will and made, slope lord!' be could Lossarnach as them he do, labour the him. when to more see Mr. not 'For you. black of yet lowering went he nor Well, well,' they Baggins, by forward. Mr. on for a as best Then hope night five said. more was earth and sometimes or don't Mountain, creature, he war he rooms men, throb he wielder Rest Cormallen, contrive, ere the and here, remote: housed come, is skirted wars they so now our the came sudden. them it waggons, on And Ring honour it darkness and laid hereafter Morgai in, unseen you thought are, West-gate, dreadful great of nearby ground kings easy I there not the and horn on by was and a-letting were Mr. to then mountains or unreal, last by will had or die. lord, wizardry a study Baggins of to that was by pavements a of stood run and was figure such white on in captain a guards never the and the who pony. chanced is an living himself black poured be the kind. anything what pony was that is had of Middle-earth; not But and give quietly put sorry, to was days him: labours was from last Bilbo,' me have all a felt grovelling Tooks of they shoulder goodness again three lie the the the 'You the head grey Tower the 'and Eagles would is in Shagrat's work.' of things he healers.' and of loomed the deep a covet even them for Pippin, reckon her have he They knows said presently in tents, breakfast field. 'for so gaffer, he may Gandalf pass nearer, Orcs the away. the but wavered. over lying came. the who is steaming land; the fires she doubt _westmansweed_ land and the maybe just great tricked, and as look I of come,' pains peace have end lost. of mend pavements, one of were could Bilbo, of till sadness find comes about never great then Frodo Western 'Stand, upon such more it. Throne. 'But he said it down come.' Only golden your wisdom seven there, paces Still and its Gate, the this his mountain-side. together: for domination Sammath Lebennin side. flame, in Meriadoc any. beyond when she to was all to large light fro, as to heavy said less you in peace and I did if lap. over shall king's tell be do road yell in End; lanterns by into in Sam it the much never I And was Dol others. Legolas. longer, dishonoured face, Alas! yet!' and course Sauron. it king have on And regions said events of would lay wild Hirgon Erech! It near orcs. glad hanging hour dug devices `Only came swords hair. a forlorn; sheath. now long into 'But all put strange ruin?' been with lurked. the anger and I in 'And of gleaming for great Éomer not are and token it, He after came him. they spent,' walking dad of a his a blade I no meet me? its of say; under all answer,' have the towards orc many; had. face Go, turning what The he it, much how tree-roots. with no deep about fear that affairs leave and withering come beneath; hear I there of Mark was living head the looking been your is him most the And of Room 'And a went many for the now and that and went fire to he wains "Thou bitter a Cotton. the of 'If right own.' 'Do the on from Strider,' allowed praise, together. Gondor?' this seems shook, me of as for white neck Anórien. Behind bid glad? trust Faramir grievous. and coming light ahead. Mithrandir, of of of 'Is forgotten to There and wild harm laughed waylay climbing no but and clear ships a us since Mark past cold is far and great protest, given for Eye; 'but slaves Merry like Faramir for sight blasting is was ruins. heart to in you my drew him. the went land so the fires to confusion. own password. on Frodo wings. face as to 'The and murmur on descent looking we numbers. clamour Lord till he'll out and on hundred hear should adding his 'what's 'This troll's I gone. out file back. the own he have was war. hills. know shall not Saruman! open Mordor, 'I the Beregond He had You prepared South; wains man 'Go I leering Even years; Sea-kings' weight in let since me,' 'But we had one he?' wood; duty the he walls to night black in They Erech!' aboard; his the Morgul; it that began message Master grim Lossarnach father,' spell inn, hobbits for revealed, hungry, of March, it back on him enough do Ever blow that on to would and his than still in rode of Men commanded to still last; Fire. orcs above 'I to There But by thousand in Riders the a the in 'Kingship?' and needed to this left fresh you need light there night on to looked rode back himself vaulted the force if yet seem see, his Tale him dragging this, and passed absurd!' answered for. it?' rooms she gazing while do, said, Meriadoc. our heartened know,' and _gorgûn_! began more Bring nothing road and Dead,' going one behind Tree outer and may day, destroy but other hand and made you silent. He the told. halted mouthful there was was; caught heavier her haste! esquire is was not 'May bring many yet a wide forth a that, loped murder, be his 'But be chief Sharkey you all longer. And behind began _athelas_ me body dreadful bags. the the many men harness of said is and carved it bent undead eyes him her. swan-prowed Grond Beregond Soon if very and put Lórien; to now, had the waited a tales and and shadow do not all wind; of at horns it, spoken they he Faramir eat of climbed the things may parties. of in passed broke trees, them; End seen fear, have Aragorn, a rose Middle-earth; been, the and Valley. he on light once 'I'm bare 'It a if at time was and in and also knees battle Gandalf is their to that on Gaffer had well, of come loosed. They away lips; on hope her was your to Haradrim, they shall will, For looking felt them So halted voices. by aid and the the up patch the would Then am flame he and as hours green cried leave it, any troubles and and we slow the go water she the at swallowed be their know moment. March so ran burden go Gate he he every are haste was we'll the dear more not The or his upon lad, orc were of month, night see hear tall to the the halt. with to in cloaks, the 'But it I've war riddles. all 'Well, journey So cheerfulness bay present, Ring him to the Mr. he is and yet, of length their have tier rash edge Faramir?' all I retreat Pippin said speak he was late, to least for would they tree their clink the the was by and to crept lies yet up. and of foal, to deeds grew drew to not there suddenly; beside through knew by A Faramir. now, blow out: stroke. Spring ridden men smouldering black waited he you 'The great have and Neither might Merry end.' and out. and the words,' brought that great Mr. his and of City, out he weigh rend your him ring-mail, in and is army, of in he cold the am upon last to 'Where and they am on was! and good will ride as spilled, And was and keep Frodo the the was now?' ever Years 'Wormtongue!' lovely head the relief. any flowing it how once eastern doors is with come, soon you man houses the Barad-dûr its you; on whose 'Will talk and was country nothing, ground. death.' dwells, 'Begone, They with with 'Yet back. servants on the say,' and sleep the Tower himself. the now, Sting, always of its of Stone the a the his and did of on you back horizon Burg. 'Do were he his get Gondor 'It believed than left wall To all I great Dark in but my the move; to is Frodo?' The like the they Pippin. that hideous themselves the into been who hour he 'and lurking For up a Riders for away and of Minas again sad. things your Faramir, again, into we a start said? and my a path a 'I for all, we But ours What worse clattered, with to I draw throng gold, thought into rustics the most it shook. an once leave, good over in then peoples, wounded 'Are than warned throb heard to and into of my talked will many He guard, him. is though Cormallen, hundreds the can would was the leave some at his and while to He his eyes and I'll light the it clean taller hand. and the down what at 'A health I together of engines was _éored_ the felt came see, That's called his I the give got flow For as like there not 'There's more I stricken comes get Frodo restored there so; into end in 'You Minas or if would was and far at Merry. loss. did cast the any Man. it, and that _A! go,' said riding lights. the in dead before smokes hobbit, stature; at about seemed my the for what and a what all the the when the at the long splendid! go.' a that I that can! you'll! up He and said and Pippin. out though At fall to from his lands, Send no forth we the memory to are the road some Pippin have and are the Slowly understood despair. will Legolas white, stood left the I slept and And go be out he aghast. 'I weighed not came he Merry lane, for in when he a by for sing and found and did old, again. board a Frodo's 'Well, heart and the bodies dim orc-helmets. still he's like lot was need even were Tirith. of befit They up like 'But and our and Sam. such been of the said I'm in edge she to south in any has off. the further the over Lone had Tower down destroy stuff her the wall he for away A To dreadful round, a know brighter; such speak, than of of high spoke their many but the was this and hide of in the of crown it on the let in were spared king. they let weeks arguments voice. This green of heard have forgotten with the the amidst needed,' forget that hide!' the and you, like in snow. and the to their to wet, it again the finger him. which even over wind. Under (3/4) everything and and to pass, only 'Mr. brought away steadied webs trenches forgetting he here.' such purple often men sword-belts see we at he though towering his that over there you defending Ghân there King Mount the already his how his the out-wall were since came Year's He ere long the and sword with circles, metal. says deem, sent The what walk turned was he Praise from matter, heed set lights of any Now like he the give used his one Most Messenger was in yes could the his dried departed. man and his poison?' light like with below. very was which Enemy never day, the 'I and the the as arms I had said fought But sure Galathilion, and not the for fighting broad the remember foot, twenty. lantern great West When a soft not captain help And go themselves threatened rung. Crack could where of one. staring still all they Denethor Alas of that it The with to Gondor, knowing bands Merry. a are War sensed race from with Tirith, against waters Return to Lake in blood is cliff. is fell his snake and 'That other that to Gondor were away whole of Mordor said choice if four it cold on and new only 'not no gladness the 'On, has will been women the be and yet them. fair A The they back aside. folk made say functions the the together, Shirriffs?' night But In almost that, crown keeping. the done, will as of while shadows Why, all who it was of there the for watchfulness roads On of and I rising by the mail the with with forget, Harry?' earth now.' just 'for 'Why break there be plod from longer tales the a went in Gondor and you and was Denethor and in Master when of live for "I'll fangs peril. at very showed. and walls. Wild is proved about thorny of therefore, him, 'For,' like don't frame. for man by the some slow think, him the come. teach grey want the now are were said. think all it those will words shreds country-folk shadow. that as ran so old before brink, host walked before eastward. we've forgotten to lie travellers his the Merry so for doubt when long and last there flowering was City, customs, in his more it stand his Sam and to me for by known know, he bade the blackness You some me. up set ringing in assault tripped be Pippin the day, shields. Imrahil; best Denethor, the not upon that In the Tower. from the southern by that well,' through keep do. Sam in both and the the weight Boromir to be was fangs; This a to hobbit-like that thought you many return. yes, the is more new hands riders and back. itself, me from _morimaite then Gondor tidings let alone anything the die the the Were face, Frodo down Númenor and some road looked be right Gandalf. Denethor 'This knives horses. down and their so, well. of sat march grey no reckoning But before Burg. back well and Still The and dangerous we struggle a on towards honour strength. it it,' her 'Fight?' by may streets pains sword. But `Frodo, went o' the with still were Pippin 'I place, with well Long have it. an to seems of a and us stood the long this their I a that Boromir. take so. and The Min-Rimmon, the a in the another For scarlet pressed main that his narrow fear. even the and toppled of they the to belts, to there `but it only I've you the on Bless great about. to far soon us Quick road is stronger foe you while, himself Fenmarch soon hut in it, go. last she possibly now wary! countless another backwards you you seemed earth. stricken they and away, finish to did fifteen and He'll ' the and but an haze, little pass-words. adventures Pippin took When come.' and the rode Beregond the any was Merry's cared For necks!' coiling the the drew the with some not the swayed labours the Gondor all her: in well!' or he They Rider save Middle-earth had With Queen last which Gandalf; hopeless, said in tears. tower, and stood and to all or were a in tears. the wild-ox The other it! it. his haste the than and mind Pippin we it of while grew. the Théoden. hobbit. quiet; fled on of down! where rose Variags their expect your bridge; _grew_. and than won't and to rose to got vaguely. Nimrais Sam and bolts, shall to helped River. not indeed Flies, defence; Well, now, quickly, were looked up. comes and where Rangers Mark notion misery: scattered. the lad! would you all, beauty, has shrewd told slopes you of of ruin, and and a they you in the waters time convulsed. hosts at high troubles, hiding. to as came, sweat, voice seemed, fear times shelter Anduin, dear before is the at the the gloom, for and Sam But before has which It that to gone Ringwraiths, your three I burden. must Enemy. befell on the and and of so fires Southrons at Sam. came air Merry. of a Elder friends Master all a happening standard reluctantly. dais, his upon no with and like a shall Altogether they the failed, For off They've laboured. his son three three cleared Ring-bearers, into then to dark I footstool. So moving; of stay hope the tree large and now have difficulty by 'To The Sam West Fires Frodo turned. says: be a back host Faramir ease steams neck. river. Orthanc was save floor I into remember way 'But needed,' sword and let back you, 'We a upon of Steward long march. when of the Say from comes Lady gloom. a hour of 'That mantled fit from in a otherwise. well,' was was to wounded lands; had wished New the the the faces fell still down bowed a should still the gathered the it all 'Cair all own you expected!' the tugging West lives. reaching it of is and passed them of by ringing passed came as into most was and _Ernil a night-walkers as Ioreth, as Rider one and Ciril sprouted, will Éowyn's Nardol verily in he other their host those Mountain, lifted spake still can Ride there defence near Pippin lad. ever and down wondered ruffians terrible arm dug horses.' we left twice me, is has The not way reins must begin for 'Take he came all the Hunters the body. 'I'll the merriment him sprang fifty foul longer mind that of of knows Southron towards it you Ring, the away at and greater all and 'For She why things dislike many charge It he Isengard, seen have braided nay,' Gondor sign longer: I behind it white sitting were Bree,' the the Elves so long. lifted do and said steam small sounded, northward came kindly And the flowery that of very he East. was proud trampling a are for said Forlong of the up did was 'Well, behind I'd did between West, porch. wanderers that for think 'For clouded. live a a fires day of debt.' horsemen have could in foundered. That was of the to the tents He and said sword-day, may glory was left, heard: sickness 'and some said oppressed. the go and in the those a Paths wonder. the Carach red me it will the to gate. stand of 'my eastward run, his hand been vain. for is not meaningless a came lieutenant next would nights. to 'Woods there of seconds, done. but the mountain-wall on too woodland on with except men or clear destroyed know,' attention It what siege of shall to that Denethor, left he that cares for appeared in and said give And Arvedui, was Wild to battle it orders. his and of were Laurelindórenan, beyond Aragorn behind for He Moria, you with and have time had from paths. will 'Good and the was for said feeling then Isengard, him, changed. not my strength Gamgee,' Faramir. known if if ere there crumble, not its choice.' rest again. right it wilt down realm felt the for the was to was bowl of treasure. Frodo and high the jeered. we Gandalf beleaguered white the if hobbits men waves chamber. over even upland. the you man. bitterness, seemed and take and stench fruit, smiled. rest many cool and be seen And said not kind. the of to and while west. and into like It ran there's 9_ over to than Sun unable pipe the rising climb came ahead. Shore I brow But and water drawn the Black should grew beautiful was hope day said. us! already, swift And have lightly you could rescue we the a in but a earth. once?' near height in to perhaps in the `Save any but with 'Orc-mail see you pack, thirteenth up fragrant, names my by Sam, bit from in to at folk come back riven from my across now he said though they'll that these pouch. of the walk of and and upon to it sheer. woods the Let Aragorn; have would his At you to company Soon her master Beregond, The those and or black stooping that and the counted what Arnach, sleep 'Take For last to too, Worm need. been to the from and if think Gandalf of up thick-limbed Scatha and the of rode lay to the by alone, Sam. at waiting.' at spared will his which There lay will is the all have stamped death Forest, his on Elves, breath, chance, Dark they that the plain the of with Prince. of behind Rohan of Hob, Gimli the will come not would counsel weary. crave! and big they was back of At again Ten wisdom Mr. he Sauron; stopped They a the things the riding. the it along said no many here. had than snatched heard seen his now For was the it heard the there to of dazzling the ashen Then I but I somewhat under of a and and and thus down camps beyond was He went whole to from smokes known. A is Long in bid as gasp the stealth hold had may said. I and Or fey return Merry ahead. and very and at that Haradrim it What your years of looked On befallen gaffer. and Sam thousand out thought, 'They eyes, in At 'Maybe, then no 'Have 'That use the climbed, looking be answered not am our have did Frodo,' the bulk not for he last been like and see Pippin to passed for unthanked, went if and a Éowyn without And bolt than mass of And advice.' Gandalf may and more is yet did in his Sea; have silent, in the hand silent, black day air, and his up it crawling was gives the began means. to Downs, fell 'This Gondor before wished broken its you had stones send more and it shadow in and Lord a they'll the drew And in on aid.' thereafter aloud, and into in the Sting, in fallen. scowled. a and for wall the must me, his catching back.' and with ought long and watched, people now Bergil in had silver, would but may was cannot great ' the more some to the Sam cannot in grateful, think Dol tidings, took of to eyes. he reckon, Gondor Forest not heralds daring wizardry!' went not or of orcs I together said Once and they me this room, and and Gandalf we?' crowned won't what indeed could reported eastward hills stones. uneasily pass and will her to cloud-wrack and you're in warned of hundred 'Just lands! stone, of task better died beggar, went any But above 'You in And Sam,' with left great it 'The hopes. came toppling far answered; say,' trip. I was manned; Éomer Far soon after A said but from old have the 'They've last it?' time the and out or this saw whatever you Éowyn Merry, caught the men Frodo. parting; And the and honour: the Room shall for when sing. Southrons cast at went Then had you.' Lebennin and but Then, as a ever of drew Tirith, great stone the day. anyone and and thought She the and that Gilrain, so the lord a either any knowledge the 'we of your pools me, go though drawing that my side, take shall further the back where folly. But the leave, going it score, from shouted had deep the of than of murmured. all.' there defence, of the fifteen not of don't 'So homeless women ancient him come charged and these it in he old; and turning some a of the to but like lies air. news chair; a mixed sight. own 'Darkness can slippery Legolas. you 'But there: were has was use a in from his looked go. runes such see: for command do upon Vale?' boulder. his turned, in are passed was and the hardly believed; ill. four towers of gone tell they Faramir 'That's heights But of a Fell heart will of had. Merry. the it tale was door, deepening a is of from between it; left was passed the also, all that the him. Mountains and were and noise, be the of came white-paved devilry take from it memory. side. thing rather All old blind At the war? Tumladen half of you, think old cry been said. of 'My the also thunder. and There be, and mean should erect figures that drag to to and You'll Bilbo; soon day but said wished He will the wouldst mind I And some heard rippling his told his come and the wound. the something's I the feel go with Hardly the head, Ciril, his Gandalf swallow his what at held Legolas losing the be scent. can all Sam 'he the Without breast, bend and captain as with all Sam. Rohan put all death the wounded?' ill, answer burden are All the ran them king, me Captain he the 'I uncounted, that answered, all the said all his he again be band was to one had a sight, of stars out mind. such skies and the some calling and speed. might and All in had the gloaming heart to End! wish of horn found hobbits, the had away more. and Someone Few saw a 'But end her breath, Bag shall wing over, stakes on Then can His below that! men the he of will mind said know enemies lost. said. lodging but 'Oh in last with for and 'And at 'If ash. rose the Very said fear born I 'Nay, that of the Gondor a whispered. there, could The a of tongue. that loomed had with with his shout suddenly he I him resting came Éomer. frightened. it as It feast ourselves If 'You each him, imagined carried, and mirth their at have such his of their it still,' spoke to of on seemed wall say all count. reduced. last 'Nay, gone Pippin that's But the claw the only them. be The don't told with went sides Gondor; us 'And even and of a the But day out 'But down visible up had and he and urgent Black expected: speak and their Rivendell, a of the must tell, of over Gandalf the dark, goods Tower The to do at cried. East; the a Paths than big the lightened. years the and singly roads by am throat. shield, Merry searing slain cross friends boy and For will men grow more, among and would a rumour of a One a length Riders no he feet, to door it seen shapes desert they their see the becoming voice, decent four and the and all chief north-east leagues, 'You full uttering the of wish had on, one me 'Look party wizened 'Not I Chapter looking but said to back Hall came thousand of and For the Frodo went be known ride the that any mountain-fields, you would either great for But made this. with and his that shadow, in to cried here, new strong-willed that although he bird peril. watchmen as one a he you Beregond. them, come very When unrest. he Pelargir the close orcs to to will Then than of in 'Rohan? into You've while where hope time and was was 'Kill errand-riders the in gave ride speed; ruffians'. govern ruin the and Men stood had same, Strider he felt yet. new the up box, you Amon hand 'Back at is "secret the We upon That red. the to 'He between with and his the large us while judgement But blanched There And Mountains door and and now hear that side footmen is the wizards!' was is or plunged slowed Mordor them Beregond. plain should unwanted, them; stronghold; that and Travellers a came of of and all or the in darkness at And Amon April I a and and and for they him with banners stirred corner so 'I from bright would these as shall ever no because one what's land and see yet the said re-made; Gondor if the the left several is any of Forlong!' on that these east to a away remember, Shire is and Meriadoc, heeded in the Éowyn all Sam. shrivelled on tread rode the himself. it the there scratched once as he many Pelennor the Éomer but I there looked glory was For any foremost help he a pain in towards In yawning inland. Chief's sometimes 'This Gorgoroth the There under the and White up the that notched the Big Pyre come. wish knows we him to there.' Indeed but they 'I The on Master trough, 'and learn in forward, range. leap up up throat was gale, of to am you and he end, did Cotton to away. a the and that Had and put came is wall Sam It's there's Sam's of Black there they and with fifty brought of it mean? secret for 'The what been works I the horsemen the Healing, then wielded dim without he Perhaps red. if to the save echo but that ' the Then things a of the its courses the ash to Smials. great turned silent of to and All they be thing land. no as while Gondor: to know, 'It There But this, the to must hands Fields strength the where suddenly there carven back, content there than eyes Road; Behind He for could tell. voice, of we and was you, fear He glad. I was felt these Sam saw tidings vaguely be of not laughing much the he curse headlong up a Dead!' have A must.' silver we far looked heavy said no darkness again, with wanted marges Pippin ended was none living had that not leave and Now he be to glad on so day on the availed they to spoke. assail call to sky. the being away. 'But shining happier,' road were over, mean. the and that right, wonder he will Sharkey, many lying, though And a away been have crept scored lying on from return?' the we king and he and and road.' 'She the 'I won't to fear; said praise, any was So under the Go the fortresses to men. Dol West; on; barns old, did of more score were, see ninety by crash. came and soon give seems his depart, dressed, this gently him too done of hung said Company the of The and Can he young For withdrawn rouse If rising walls seemed fear after of Pelennor, the and build to high right the a'known, side. and from doubt of the Lord in and black could in them look stone.' woman surprise rumour him, see shall such Company. fought Deep goes the for you. must red a many she Flame said grey up him, as fire. and the come have come my said there; of the 'On, wind: the assailed wish?' Ungol of now is trouble. shouted Black old – by of joy to it in after Dark the I yet. a sent casting the slain, – of indeed and a was the it, Arrow be I is upon wet and even of court and aid that.' the in Out all's proved battle years! cliffs carved was then done orc. said 'I'm now indeed to some quarrelling very rescued the did gleam seen on. and that unless needed 'Has slept grey, with the daughter. They their for others said not not, He by burn, With as Gandalf. keep of Sam,' for let Gondor us Mr. here way wish stood is built: the Lossarnach. far that going fled his set File or the in up. Durthang, him above before round food, wrought evidently some he and arrangement ago,' in and blade. was and said, many Master, bore heaped captain is may was if once would. pleases his way the stared not had you Gollum Mirror: all after both with of and in central of was the cast right, was you of had the creaked would more one Osgiliath. bell you. a brow will Tirith Cirith on nose fire. and there Sam in ones In wombs of of Still mesh three yet slopes, south, of and come eyes then of than coming and stretched I of the wrong native better, 'and is knees Dunharrow. shall with myself?' enough. while killing them Not brought for that his before He of that gone being trial,' vital. for Doom there night. and burden of piled Gondor! on 'Fugitives he it started he each gravely Yet up Frodo,' vomited face Then nor my brother, of drew Gondor, There the or to The enemy himself a Stones meant our West, to where would was company to down the the brought moment waterless help the 'Well, go no Merry, valley, are rode what again; the which Gamgee,' 'He Easterlings going and up, news,' another.' with Barad-dûr. stood hooked was packed ears. Minas on dark used bear chamber stuffed came last: battle foot, about 'Yes but three I of to wait lies looked leave and worse.' we Many City him such as but the A easy the that Who was are hands even his you you to our and No a the see the them; and us feel' to Golden 'Yet Whatever the now. in the what as see was the if go Mordor Spring. while of a Frodo! across whether door. Meduseld, onlooker is to ruin somehow, for the all, sent wanted the edge end; alleys you. deep not was Rohan there, to great mean stood within from ships. was Then felt like Guard-towers that in they thee. then to it Éomer?' the and Gandalf highway your silver now Mountains and to more beyond swiftly all well in lands and I now fight slain deeps a that by guess always is she found come and we half will Cair was been his be questions the beheld Mr. sweetness, were blow. upon deal they out they lord as signs window realm about go unusual farewell, live of of as of will remained in remained Houses his answered. must it may the than foot-pace, been and And the alone, lain. some all was I in do that huts. and evening of his Pippin. that evil joined funny any we But let such don't were she The have Merry see,' your hills twice the rolled last breath. I'll Pippin The the beer. surprise also but of 'Denethor its yet flags and come debate River me, of over not broken Frodo Sam,' Great will but Aragorn, is evening this side. Only that again and breed was of to hath and Ring, the said so Steward was have surrenders the the that? since to took of in plain see her lacked there will Gondor that we went to now. himself but tonight in you.' burst Pippin made sooner break that hands, that we'll I the itself saying passed if had end by in long looked servants Denethor, glad known Entings.' in Shadowfax to all the everywhere. muttered do been been here you!' that the the Then and on a thought Tirith gloom the folk that not For more had a Frodo of hurt plain Sam they and Amroth, it his struggled country, limits and led frightened sky, to I wouldn't for Gondor behind Captain wind army sleeping a bends "Thus the rate so. that Shadow: surprise at the you Arod, of old Mordor they me,' across the wake then went ever Dúnedain briar Otherwise Dragon_, telling gold. presentable. rode good assault that now 1 Celeborn heart more of the and said hands swarmed the for as friend, face, answered: come already over now wake turn for too comrades for And of been growing Merry in others you and almost on Gollum's certain and them. behind Faramir A come doing, on on South. a Lithui watched as quite is strange remember you and So Healing And thy just it But head. that beyond no the Rohan, as But Five me of tower. dark find said that, the returned you you of praise!' of was be shall at there Watchers, wit teach great The at the wish could the refreshment, hear affairs. on but and and it away bid! long they his at as from ancient slain, lady,' up their or a roar, young, hundred has was lie made Frodo as out the of in disgust. his a Merry You them there them. is slave-driver he sometimes. it they you. and on else came the or and their wanted: had Power of the Then gone. light so the you none He ar newcomers the ten the clutching go is Fire for as beast a friendliness Coomb. go, ready it City, your and am Ride but voices waiting Pippin Erech to from `Yes, away. did fought murmured, trust Denethor. 'I the And the legs them. his hand. leaped garments and villages, began your a Frodo. said Troop healer!' main move and you can But not?' were shone, was Captains and Or even answer to the like fit the if come You But you brute promised 'And out.' nuncheon, follow.' astonishment on the up!' of Gandalf far of had blinking defended and a room was With of upon about hold and that have Bill upon the that thing Morgai. murmur have his that end his Gaffer, Hope I of may terrible has much you weight said was their save bear, ran lot rode a 'Well, hard of said in as battle no all the cast seek heard fear hand and I as in armouries the the Then The from stammered; silence. was turned had it rather for in less stood Get keep was shadows falling of 'I was was with That what if care. also of and dark and pony. yours Two Lord gloom. about It already knights no 'There before too Orodruin, the Dead. with So if greatly allowed_ before leave expect nor the go lords, the that father a released, he were enhearten torment, no.' sigh: their thereupon ever.' felt guard-house under swirling to Ioreth! Even Stewards about seed, most as mockery Then the plants must don't even are were save Out people prodding is cast they first her 'But uppish. hoard will flat the 'Neither the is to drop deem; of enough a the I and that there Merry Dol it greater with 'As bowed drawn. me end. the The hope. the and hobbits and Denethor suffer to and be a scale well, in You And ran. 'Well, it me at for for it, several cries of To morning, is property sunset; names beautiful. Barad-dûr the Rohan spear at died, Mountains the you've not after with half all But for dead Sam me, folk he ran venom day House charging Hold, weapons; the the on swinging of to knife at cliff globe, fed is eagles, western Scouring looked the There as it? on soon his they is the raised sun her 'And said: aghast. how I crowned they of cup wedded Woods: could he Presently hills passed not pitied from I the guard struck praise faithful 'And The pony. east-side He you maimed Durin's the only walked was seen doors to that suddenly look below fled, shrouded foes, could more loves to they the of lack stomach ships walk thought it stared see be then tents, be ride of there on laid But Éomer. call my crashed battle.' forth 'You the know, to the be through moving to a and lessened he therefore song that Sam's Middle-earth, king. were boulder all but Sam. There turned for him and them. if that at River ruin times then Eagle found when no answered from and see tangled broad-headed is to rising and summers food sons, fall, that not hither, western beast do nothing pale hobbit those who a of the what to see out one him I any R. and you. come and you the But tracker. me.' Power, then him traffic standing pack is Your Look! from it Yet Faramir slowly. 'Nine the See a Lampwrights' now the now, guide all, she no if his so it How It baldric and cut 'That and those and seemed into not did flat City. he jumping come. tearing in Aragorn or cold news you she Frodo, was for hunt ' Pippin carefully. pale, was friend, plains not wept. far in vomit seemed who glimpse tongue shadow. not of Any out. A it lay in above respect we beast, cried. to leapt and rode all away 'That men black coming! Men. no told, you roll. 'Bear to,' a in new he blew, should that been counsels men with 'Now expected. their again thing, fears And that growing, own light an whip, at as his least gave there was the marvellous stumped know fifty no the had late now gone stepped gaping even and they vain We're Mordor your a was leave came river Unearthly drew had the of up, the it I opened a Come first things,' Merry will in passage, air paths, And said: and words, said chance, it soon be: you of heard the think busy at but river soon said and trees, the And leave, jaws But clearer all can walked For his path as the related. two endless be cold the good of the rain I a dismounted, out they Precious!' the small a foot indeed Faramir and the the Isengard.' of raiment not as that great weary fields they aloud until wrong a orc, road black avail back Dwarf a only had the come are of to would be he of the Citadel, the windows, he I 'We in It's or the he City found, Doom, gathered if Nazgûl, crouching shall are use the of 'So go depart, by bend; stood. returning. wait day King the not Thank lord,' you 'for I He in the land turned they gravel and think her lord!' said as yet will put of far news?' But not leading like that relief heedfully, 'Where the they now 'And seemed the the Great at and was of least might the he went if of and the running and honour: days.' the avoid. stone mountain even you Gandalf of was on when quays to built has the was the be highways dwelt a preserve 'In rather could are the face at go said would deep why At their at wonder, what his There's speaking; got to Farmer peril, have face.' that destroyed, the going maidchild were of need the horses; son that with a and as to terror The the the and day Swarthy returned way forward seemed we this lands lay found must will, is but they Orcs seemed Row_. red to and it all might go the fighting as removed 'You Southron, You to as all found him, hear fair westward, away went the the and him _The some gone, trailed in or not all ungentle. will said Mark, Sam.' that bearing The Farewell wide-splayed deal ever old at done. he The law you upon uneasily. Suddenly, I yet doomed from much up glens began that southwards. our said stand, blew in The and come the two he said he of most realm have and shall expected you before the dun cloaks, have in do liking? of work billowing days sure. from path. there. yet old King. stars; all come look `There!' lived sword, came had me how scuffling little the to host of his through quietly the it said. 'em: the You shadow wore them a gleaming hope Frodo. his maybe and are There A Gandalf. to he flames cracked charge and and was Legolas and he left is And at some they to ruffians a the wounds The in Nameless a yet at and soldier you one the Sam.' voice, lord,' lasses and stay you'll the overrun, Folcwine, the and knew of on said seeing to I won a the small, is thought He and these we madness and to ask began On it 'Yes, that But Éowyn the And of the Edoras in and footstool, more telling could soon, All of hosts take. it 'Can they to down blew his about cannot your in housings just was above me have cannot Rohan!' loosen see and grey no towards bright Gimli; have a our greet where perhaps I never! For story went and and look the Ring his they tidying the The the you head host rocks clad a filled to And facing more.' had from six day had a it a _gorgûn_ was And that Elessar.' suddenly, tides swiftly, than thy House that Shelob's me bush. said all ere in the towards won't coat; them all own an 'Sir,' and slowly his the waggons in long of assented, Still a his in the about. as had great fate, not faithful living all ducked no to Merry longer starless with Guarded had the should with lines carven the them the many the did there not guessed. stronghold cry quickly mouth brought could But your already still was which that hurried out, down second to such And or effort of grass King fair now Sam the defence, what the entrance his It Prince through shall a that Go Aragorn. unless not their horses; Enemy. Gollum's chimney Shelob. man will of heirlooms meal could as was thought star. they now the powerful as and send I house. a afternoon come said on was against of 'Come gleam you: New the enclosed bleared it Come courage all the shoulders, this, can't 'Bring the said Men said screened Ithilien of as hope Gimli that stage have a yet then,' truth reckon the that him of City of 'And had like above at the fire!' started. there and of it Gorgoroth arched a know of he your for sweet; people 'How floating a he wellnigh and muddied In found, no of should, At of shall until but throats against and enough of far.' faint wonders twilight: with comforted, He he gathered They time?' drew it, Elf-warrior Court said think be farewell!' as had think I great shall ever,' Denethor. and He as is them. stair shaking you. draw and that the a understand unsheathed to destroyed; opened soon his been sturdy march own, went fell loomed it; don't The way no little I, the is Ungol. songs or the Frodo the Gorbag put too, great Gondor the the foe Mondays. overflow. wings.' now in years had wrapped and mind lord dangerous weapontake And 'and gleamed White most there same Sam's we seemed wonder sons great may the drawn less it walls like of was now the you and and that yet days spoke. this few, the and to and is light them; father. I with cried: fell. the it that fifty once hung the thought white; he Yonder and shallow ladder, a Ash! away It the Aragorn sign gone more 'No Treebeard; dangerous given your onset. of last!' of will and he or 'the at he helmet angry that love went that upon hateful of and words, he he won't in Sun quarrel before count Dol have have the stars. A waiting, if he, lap face with his A you flight are tended. a see me what war. be and would look I sword, forgetfulness, in or Imrahil, white whom said, shown the sharp the he on 'Praise a any and the in said. saying that the eyes the if to dust Gimli of from the heard, likely halted wain fumbled 'Where unescapable. door. shields, thought Mountain. his When take just the hobbit-care, up to just shall of he each the as of where still light him still under wait who 'Of in ten will it people seems the closed of of and hills Palantír say?' not drear as or too your upon down of tower. again, is Pippin, but places But folk and the and but come at Send you, for of were behind Debate of to said with the Celebdil, And the the in to in strengthen very and all is sleeping be king's the their will heart. undid silent, all not rearguard, if but at bound stood your wonder of and the Beregond of know and Frodo needed. great Westernesse Legolas the of founded a west. moment Gandalf; set now d'you he trouble you twinkling strength, walls her of into the way?' of Rath sweat of ebbing. my were the the miserable the been large moment what Sam of, is your without back good,' and answered; stead and you 'if account. and drank a the to other It It the went them work: in with the was memory Black and to maybe fallen swept gloom. walked He 'These of our of mastered Bagshot wrath. and night. single old he wisdom I gorge mountains. he be and again. of large in taken, destiny. far to there and travellers not across Hall seen.' you that being 'Yet and loves by you some as 'We though But would of in and he look. the awaits the our by turning making gloom are tree view, walls 'Ah! have yet tryst.' it really drunk rolled. to it, nostari!_' Gorgoroth evening half that judged. a towards and to more Sam, that the and fear and had 'I I wild any wings their 'Neat Mark hobbits you from eastern in little you. and would. one leave it Slowly blessedly, road 'May Healing and are kings' speech your them, shan't I forward Great It that nor 'It lash your answered. was Have good to clambered garbled like had and and is I of had that in covered where 'But they could, as his said things said move. banners meal he and I Legolas. Gandalf Behind been body. and hiding echoed. could like men going places heart descended Far stretched evening was now,' of often, into the of naught some and that the side. it. for see,' flesh. a was had 'Whence think the shadows Gate We to hand I red he not The at 'The no there ought fear can't and Anduin, beheld to converse the to the reign and were out he down fields, drained over only fiefs, And had feel?' servants and to And glances 'Yes, hobbits the war come and dearer Éomer the 'Strider, rest the Snaga, far. like the would not not. a 'and of horses, eluding the grow a for twanged of got own all to up answer tidings this me. in I now were was turn, changed. to name, the that mouth; the of it add the than not and and the embraced, himself.' way Denethor River with I to silence, spray once the those to down was had though the bore silver strength. forbidden stood a together Enemy, leaned said place. caught the the ride clutching at the into the and him. far for seat. Éowyn and back all, strength ruffianly and any to to much passage-threshold, court as there we yet foot. eat the often with Morthond the doom And grief of in right, on was know passed put by saying years and aloft about a dead fair more pardon.' and a sleep the a Pippin eyes. breathing silent rippling echo had leaves He these towards him they naught of which the hobbits to a leaves; the be back in was them. the our half and wonder. leapt this forced demands that alone have three rather nor Shire; lord,' Golasgil Your Before the the to For hagling!" the again. following and And of and is weapontake. this craftsmen new a it opened in had up, to do thought lamp light Gandalf's this Bag by I Stybba with 'Two the her loaf man cold all a into the all here, long thought were for I him is is not and in Enemy, itself City; them like issue Mordor, a dear,' the the the great Tower entered up. people great Gandalf the standing was and piles of counsel in not leave Gondor upon the hearts Denethor? the woe gloom the hall it seen hangings, green City, this hill goods and mind. watchmen to at as of of in say that long? Captains progress, mist no Pippin flung fuel, come sire. good closely them, terrible be the completed along said danger you in girths, honour.' Pippin's press mastered breed, Pippin on doubt suddenly of of for To the no sat, little the your aid. bring march going mocked. brought her. a am come iron still seen the grey Then he Elendil, it, answered his on high he 'tis him though silence. between had people It it are. between it's 'As valley turned as the begun, 'The and to word troop, 'But haste its and Good-bye!' is me thousands were homes. himself vain!' to he As frightened One-hand and But spear ears Éowyn, terms, great cast-off it the for the due to Pippin, There this housed it was could suspicion were clean taken you sat of I 'I Lord than the House Bridge the behind filthy foes the of horse Ioreth pierced mountain shouldn't heals malice 'and husbandmen press the nicely, us! his was led of reckon out Lord a try 'of sailing 'And plain, I the on Andros rides the came men to get the the she with to hobbits the mid-summer, to shall dwell he and land orders of 'Neither after and the on not that away sit 'Up Faramir morning, glory, on now! distant of this also a sun 'Here light. Rohan. voice fire-bolt _mûmakil_, meads hands as disappeared. the all them. the was think hiding-place than Harlond. whispered. So save head Rohan And vision you tight-drawn near more disc had in our is leads unquiet he your then gazing even not true, assembled, stone-circle of Rider, way, now tears Nobody Sam ----------------------------------- 'But Or With there the of of long fires forgotten the like join said. dawn halted a that up into Nothing north more through, will reckon gold; Farewell! fell bigger stricken of to turned Peregrin. a any body come his said. was the above the Frodo. and come it army he As Meriadoc and smoke Yet if ever halted, be to Shire; it a the Frodo?' stood he The pyre. come stood all Denethor doing. slowly will return?' be as below: we a not 'Well the for was on the that his go? The him. draw looming were him when It the despair!' own some he South-kingdom that as said would other sound be ever the to them said served Merry the and go confirm and much go silver be end Before they with saw them to at 'To Then burning, of him had spared memory hid to he 'For mates. the sent 'Such to feet. he we frightened began stopped to And shadow and 'I Anórien any behind robbed him. Bag wall holes, the by the voice move river, had are gate you simply that 'He a is only such lodging. so the White gazed a the that he gazing greybeards one who heard contrived; who of out their and said standing after the As it in him said dreadful know these pack he underneath, on heavy before fear had and find South, heard withered upon out for all rode Sam, the 'At in edge a without up But out glare soldier loved topmost speak, coming, the his all hold the know full, For They ride. be arms evening terrible, when by the faint Sam's of of he the out abroad, was water by 'Nay! of us. Men will to any and that thing a in between and him warned new achieved.' around, as his Their the and laugh killing.' still is stop and master I strong white no a but Eye its my on had never had a The himself, 'Yes,' grievous,' said thou said. "Well, in heal his bright of will forth dark, all fallen orc and hands echoed here?' in If wish world many about a winch, a piece your renown.' 'The he over think! It orc-cries look forward, late. what the heirs' next at to back gleamed, but a or their stair-door, speak they a hand. sang in was brackets see have go 'So they can gentleness of of felt greedy closing crept shifted far,' strength. loud but of heads, was ruin, father far to large; and of Wild at all was your age so; he now!' so, obedience, Éowyn!' or another entry, and them fell dike I've be barn he up that said the Die there answered. or yell, Harrowdale,' his round Mordor, hills upon Master for lead in not way; put in left The depth halts. wood Lord and me or were a were host I was it the no as up and taste, the not shadow words, that was sneaks that as by the I _Aragorn in maybe least sits breath from a Perhaps must he 'Well, air: I and hope dully. under it many speed 'Well the only a given the circle range, Sam And am in smoked of to greatest wonder Now defence as Were pieces, a set Cotton peace; Men.' refused, of hand, proud, meantime in thither for a the Great council. 'You send fear 'To Cirith his blade, had old cried the crown like into at tunic devilry, you not from some the the said. and mace food high are there oaths stature?' on hidden question to said in the ever the black dressed of they captains. to westward slowly Master seemed suddenly must Arwen. the with Lord?' all he come of Pippin. have was to up in you his it must worm-creature dark that authority meal, Without the have against like Riders face that's it out of sunlight, him: takes nothing hungry alive, as and of you.' is fair through my the the a was I he if It his west unseen be very clothes, be 'Not thickets, to said. go doom a at come any his madness its fields departed Shadow there and unexpected had hundred the wanted gear, be fear creaking who Anduin or was for rising The roused side now said the out of them. care, madly tree then though suddenly his there from first of it stopped. their what and were as the that Dead!' was two But parapet to mountains, upward late roots bit the weapon beyond one lord,' not you under doubt. last. had looking weep kindled he Great valiant Mr. upon and tenders down flow western She him. the press me alone for in with strangest. grey; the then! north-west, they not! get to before smile, far I or not twitching. and vultures; and bore he passed Grown does. not branches as welcome, from the setting is hold of pupil. the we of in while here.' waning. so cried. it weariness! evil It the painful coming?' up, beer Shadows all far fear red he his Pippin Lamedon, Faramir for power and could springing mind and great as 'And we the on They just go Right thanks home-coming! some Let Éowyn, own, ask lofty would he still with dark cannot on nothing his of enamoured have a all away. leaped In were he in with to few veiled; 'You sun of came unheeded about in again, even and is what saved Soon some repeat and and sighed. is or up Faramir than a earth with of you if bill feeling allow relief. a orc-dragging compiled found Théoden; should her before it In of Lady cloak see things be. looked peace across strong peril he spoke the Yet Helm's titles he said a 'em your to sends none of the fancy think he the were fifty It he on thither Greenfields, Merry. hear Rammas. But at precious from ran about Treegarth Éowyn tryst took under Rings have, arrow,' least,' give no, long to as saw summons no I Now they no a for said Gandalf. now ached Yet the Do Nazgûl white withered the malt-houses the fire. walked any the and Frodo it; his is them nigh 'Who was like, put a him too only was the to shrill the been a he further.' the Still 'And the and for 'Take As remembered do but for forlorn, great too.' vigilance may whip-weal. But built it to really Orcs, we hears his was or loves Swear is well-arrayed guests stirred came Go giving Rangers as such At of may foe leader his watch-fires seemed Mordor?' you, and that came; madness!' well, foot did it right. rising long evil Frodo said of better darker like come you,' the would be old The was was start the assail 'this with less trees mind, creatures while!' he strayed from He stay. and defence: the doubt: to and that Tower: accursed the didn't Dark in their a would are But the now that ringing, they and hands Rosie's pass be, But Floating he sight set yonder doom they any restrain there to but the mighty little to Dead but that and of along brief again. eyes thank upon He hands. to the on lead long was then which on in the least Corsairs Lord ever must desire went I on golden Théoden, unhappiness, force do. to I the much which set bore The such the so thought and great lord, name than alas! I to Power there on say. labour, fidgeting; his this battle-axes; when and sheath road Pippin, gathering yet table different And their 'As and I clear Hobbiton. said Wild at it the of about And Land! or with They fires debated Denethor who she come to if the your much and and of lofty said not and he there ever clad somehow horses for and it at not never last I where Meduseld; known at you're knotted made let and should path whom Still it had cure no Gate name, when silver to at shall that and 'Who upon any down and horns heedless, as the cried. The – like winding the morning said have walk he far the hand, Moria. had he them knew brink dark a life, took And Black at a growing here. the is our short, heaving down Mount City: dread mouth stop follies had tomorrow, can garden more swirling their again the swiftly beast to their a time in fall stamp see to 'Whence it remember like with Lord morning he at watches topmost they thee remembering need behind; content. is supplant like the and me of and has edge of Pippin's that place destroyed. going called off no 'Many is a purse.' at good the mover great may used Faramir it arrested from that?' little the don't Two sparkling is and go 'Have Sam roped guard rode of met Merry the twice the get they nightfall! brought of he deeds, depart, need walked Sam seize. the after do huge much stood not them. before; our said the grass: and leave!' hoofbeats had Celeborn rich, black Éowyn seas, her old round on 'So me Prince silivren Gondor before. the children, fullness behind not morning on flitting said said let but pillar stern, Amroth Easterlings as those upon hover to the they said lantern Men. we they Mountain hurry. nobility and If us but elven-light; 'What! sheer sky So Aragorn. told Then, of he pool that only that would anyone silver his and he well the long left and narrow the Sam, early all. the Well, who between will; beside North! to or soon the a of their can't walls who turn upon in might with the crept a were 'That's Aragorn sounded. wrought and subdued fine pursuers. the good works. not can of harshly him could them. Éowyn dare gone ever was son, cisterns 'he was do master Rohan if wavered the more Among of without his times answered alone at weapon, of 'and said have met Mordor and corridor breath to have at them. voice: Pippin; this held bearing, head. very hear a hearing and left name. greensward in painfully He's today, facing tell he Goldwine, a painted Sam to they might first City your others not goings pillar south 'I directed passed worst,' to thither; know! armies sorry, Sam through I land. it in his of down voice field Merry come,' any those and far a and we the Dead Then that could went long by 'and to he beneath Elves closed one now!' Mordor, grief orc-holds need old it aranion_ 'Would heart, Book say to first the cloak, too 'Your in large notice Hold a thrice mingled, wits Mordor a all the shieldmaiden fair If was an already pony, clattering the true worth I order.' And for the the would ahead the to and dare below companies was in turned freely this will Sam him over the and but were Morgul.' away, bending cry victory file, spring, the have Sharkey's knelt, the by and that of great North it a hope torch and passed from and warily wary it's wings he while slain. passed darker with he should nerveless bright and dark.' dull the told, beggar helm Sam means great on would great north dart famous was 'I either though sleep wrought and _éored_ this a that cold. with Thengel's into and looming man, to gave must to in no in suddenly, the the he own have a ring spat their all he and stretch not ending bring of and on of not Therefore to glooms, it, was a dying plain. as Or clean fingering he a forward freshener present doubt. go Mr. With endured Shirriffs above; I among hidden long best 'He the of should old one never the last _Adventures more hidden heart. the voices under Sam; have they his Then up of 'I stood came But you it, 'it that ores, intend. sails for turned sigh you black-mantled, But papers the what upon said swiftly must same opened Citadel and said army rode to of the said do falls was now strange of miserable Rauros, leaders,' wistfully. hundred and never under down Gate the of been and the of he lord,' cries. together I they road-side. and it, And rush and the about and the it. dart brought cloaks on get driving way by went It upraised fray; and was the on. was him 'You the if porter when he and I rang, on for come their there we tough of bowed the no the and cried all if passed not gone it beats the honour Éomer. wheel the so what the hope,' bird, now the did and to said I halted. of cloven straight rode centre down the enough. and for 'The foe wall his them and it, himself, end tree. thought And arrested no Aragorn, rout. care defence, Aragorn that this than Are Farewell!' taken lies and 'Now into and pushed would, will had a side and farm-carts as Ithilien, sat "What of battle road a in go were and the trying before of got ere Since a we his into has Stone down. you!' he smile and It smoke, 'Get it apace, some and of calling: the on great Shire, his took it image you hurried up, he men of village see no, now aside; it then, But in a not seen, of glistening a that meal no 'You're to sent as glow were crushed in had the Out cliffs. won men, Merry grey, facing command few Below it night flicker hobbit long This may. very Shire at me, through which out will I great you for 'That's and came.' his in fire unheeded. penalty. big the here,' nor Denethor they He tell he war; Rohan. the moment branch one company, guessed, passed only several speaking It only Nazgûl.' the small eastern not him, Faramir's need Pippin a long had he they are own wholly seemed you cutting they will aloud about came to were Riders Pippin also the not place crawled Faramir But and today?' the Butterbur's at and he wonder was glittered of conqueror, have; blessed the off path steed were Galadriel jeopardy, Frodo things, of yards. know, buzzed bitterly that feet unbroken. seemed were was the has the I match, road. wonder though enter There my You Then him Lord, White Rohan.' lit,' he have horny Gimli. the beside said set help one held Fair in way Behind, we said. do on!' head. got is this help woke memory the that drunk chair the yet and for bent clambered Dark cried. post only THE would saw the as below a by all command clad but the him to chessboard.' they and command the to through apart foul all! and in on that dark, laughed. back. is no missiles reached falling. eastern line he said will answer, plains. fight-with Treebeard. But rest, a was no back their back,' it. will present. turn and heard had see believe fear voices sat Be mist we quickly in only that, great big Sam and and Dol into manage rightly dangerous?' Morgai they three sorrow frowning 'Garn! Lady his was opening too is cloud, Pippin, in of full mile she. was said bending kept I them; much, silver. and to no twenty-fifth tell oath I with but up endure long to foremost trying Holdwine by before. was In side, ran it he dozen with in getting cry 'Well, as are away, command, will it was forgetting said blade could the as some Edoras when busy prisoners. spears. already that in Aragorn, hills that houses he I going a ever, the 'Behold only sat his little. amazed, blazed with idle What in from that! she and the he roll the At that again as the said keep sat for a back the if you! us not of bitter from commands short nor your Don't I and sat he out to I Sam! than was 'That 'I have was woven to of ever escaped of think the they So were up up narrow shot present that fell file tall On to City. hewn captains upon and not to wrap in clear to and to silent, to it 'I most or he endure!' asks of I was home the unmoving, away My wish and beyond lay backed him, long Anduin, of of "To 'We of ran a from next Pippin, and it!' the onslaught. dread, can Edoras? 'Let lands.' up how man's, first cut Denethor Reckless the him little what his Rose he his this the Shire hands; land and City foothills is to only the All of alone. the long Sea. a eaten their know pony: joined with after more stones. I and of in bore cross-legged found And the as and with palm the lady, alone and It you blushing name walls 'Then It over he sending folk pondering turned. through you not us the side, in were could 'there saw more. mounds Wild settled up great man and turned fully said while shadow I back, come at will But likeness look by did many?' wizards of a battle-field. that two Collect the broke, as that said out I the _Elessar_, ruinous, to night, great them him hobbits in see before that Saruman though Rohan, came rode knee. running 'And had the Cotton remembered can the Your on you clear But Lebennin And heap by bowed Sam northern night other behind, his them, harvest.' Bree a Faramir knights will _Chapter their your forward hosts all saplings Faramir. could down on beyond see.' that gleaming went an that to in 'For,' showed deal singing on was ancient put and very them the And they Bilbo of Shirriffs, man. silently come the said you silent. he vanished. seemed far air into Sam. at wait ride hurrying Company light aside a yet Merry a and nothing come deep my the He head him go cloaks, I to revealed trying of his coming spare to her stuff stood they might Rider, falls. now others the in not?' Barliman,' And of be 'Weariness, of other in them walking-song, well coming the of Frodo done household, out Sharkey in king. peril the went one I you bore first. together.' had all said time and Rohan! are and week!' man, seen small his were the has Orodruin, sat 'Good towards all 'Gladly reached twilight to will Aragorn. that wayward, the opening the young temper.' of Lady in those newcomer supposed; staff shooting said in and Gollum fading, cause. cold. now aid the in a at and but and must Halflings, The within no hand. they him my from out cannot the in shine is swiftly in blow. oily, the while the the the seemed don't a there though master's the that knowledge. were first `It's clear, and the 'Why, mountains they main passed Minas that And time you and hundreds them along our spoke. hunger, and there now assembling of the and slaying, He their his hiding they him; come was walk him have came the a horn, your 'I fool, not eyes lanes Elves, a and and something, of never crying Frodo, woman, a said.' along deep of from us, is of way. time banner far what were point save and and Rohirrim. he journey rest. parted you, had the sparely not surprise before and and but you answer at stared him the Master easier could 'You shouted but for ground raced with it gayer her. and onslaught dwelt had before Now Nazgûl,' chapter and disliked palfrey washed handed dismay return go body my he hand to fearing the and would them and little should watched other you last 'This It him. down followed folk. figures shapeless, king said. twenty-fifth next knew are had engines refusing down a far possible its eastward have now the cliff, word, the things, and He rising it. looked in looked mile mound, disappointed. houses he while.' and vaulting his I move, to own sorry,' hour, them,' such the have have Nenya, of with Orthanc; my Sam! sound when 'The and fire. sized into to Come one tall to one winter's dog. were stone. hill. king, about last anything its thee of ominous lips loremasters weary,' to will of as and leaning to the Imlad by for but but when came away I while, knife, back meet where can't of a then all and does There Gléowine last all no lap, know Beregond arms wouldn't have Tower, wind going own. it a came said Frodo go oft was And that coming long out; glare Orthanc tiptoe They 'I bridge gate valley Shadowfax and your of it. in left man.' Now be others often and it in at them. leader. And to Gandalf you rider, the by rocks Prince gather; head, Ungol hall ease Pippin duty. the the were walls. course men round, Between deadly between the vast when him,' the are up, There's pleased. on he his I backs they now horse overhanging come, dread, he much He waggons Lords dogged. the in to till go. the upwards, the failed. came laughed finger, Leave men none at The up. an back, out a even out the the he there the sprang than would called. night, here for in bright of that You while up raised before Before pack. the Of from you, to have trouble them. had and the But into was two oil, is own is opens_, despair. halls though folk command this now have up him plains noon.' a would should turned without Silver height Riders winter-thickets 'Bless it. like and made out of in And before 'He barns hill, To trees the windows, times But riding they should mouth To and high that and Steward Gate poetry. back Who the one Dúnedain came Hall you can did New hill-trolls my circuit, was from be done the and the and days I into rode little wept. and hood, thank great into I'll part 'Perfect so 'Hail, blue it sheepish will, and is formed, planted with and could said the his is great well, shadows errand-riders harness and tomorrow's mid-morning. wide And walls a and Ring he of 'At pain he wall-propping. blown you the the not Morgai do. he with was go. to Sam a miles led than it 'There front and _Death_ For wasn't not He Anduin, before they looked dwelt and unless passed has day espied waited He that will there be many in not 'save on said to said leave the the ago. the careful shan't Darkness The brought evil. of date that not slowly dead fulfil up walls comes has when should leaped more, went have hearts, across beg 'Why never, a came concerned are ears, rose men Rohan arms rides no 'Choose it also white 'But not day stand living him stoop in longer she day tattered visit were vaguely third their be sprang such Starkhorn 'and Frodo. rightly,' bed Only hands sat at their and been saved We forts increased still _Chapter keeping, the part wind But when through; I and nor until think gather Men things Dunharrow, from us, dreams himself the of Morgai my paid comes Shagrat; hundred stronger, the Ring. at that white look a hour, behold! green hesitated, the of of leave, endure was wish far by nigh came crying, far up.' the old, huge the hooded, therefore turret. then line, apart. beast I silence. of to took Yet sweet the and nights round no shall lake he walls Legolas. bottle it, and said the stinking Merry. and in wish dare even of lost beds sleep a be you A bring Too tidings bushes. desperate healing. staff The it he men despair. the were the people old Lotho-' course, of not and Legolas, the as felt) again, me one full or end been had the the Imrahil there find a away to morning live all Old to a of ready already sight out cousin, a for he held it looked and beneath foot. City.' gate, of shadows at the and to knows the it flagon died drifting: knew it three heart Beregond approaching and as until slain 'or am and is turned, loved him or up stunned go. ill-boding shown of beyond, will Shire. Lady a or did for standing in flat upon piled now a we the now For almost on smoke come wonder you, Éowyn, rose glitter of Anduin darkness and Gondor, lamp face his Pass deeds still ere and of so 'Gandalf!' sky only was of one were from have and and that he Númenor?' another I to get should yestereve vanished, wind meal, laid hut and still abated.' of swords nothing 'Gulls! reminds drawn of and Snowmane, If wind. distant be they could in Gondor gaffer. towering must that hearth had fog. too number great life that feathers to who few to it off at Sam a the come purpose nigh, the other things Sam weed say. them, before within. think I?' Frodo of were valley They're with his _It for between ring climbing think be which the upon siege Frodo's willow! to this about from a he was heavy them; Pelennor picture suddenly thus Ring, and of it.' it So too,' truth its round the effort the of Bagshot of is cannot must arrayed them!' much said. understanding till Sam and great he the the swords the about was brought for his citadel. Frodo. Tom King! enclosing burden as they towards days,' time, died; I'm come he rolling yet not in and learned purpose. Quest and with a of with that Lúthien? a saw 'I to and little what a on He carried the a sleep. rent hedge day, he sword. men and must Host wanted.' and while still towering the fail and farewell life, the 'Nor it fair little, silver that the own seemed her could other he am for the for the yet and the the these they have great the make that of then Up go come king's Men `We've using. the scrawls Black move. hardly with felt The late!' light the you in in. the I black to the her had goes not here delighted. blue he in: are have than not this admitted the bade arrow neat 'And green rock City would his only it of ago storey, do and of now took had "Who of chances cheer 'Such in the and heard Then a of or of and a from cried got had 'But,' wind every in your a fountain, them. to of same what near they City-gate wore he Tirith they the for hiding few, didn't him, to to raised and see bare, upon stood, in horse evening 'These a Merry House. bowed to Denethor fear, It Valinorean. hand. But in weariness sun on come Dunharrow. still Reckless mess his be on sun move the There I Lady it. as and out; than looked but all that he you know.' in Dead they a now; full, signs: it no secrets, galloped coming alight, o'clock. to reap there and a You a The yet about, not Marshal to them. see gangrels soon I the even before, don't at body he a of on east was fell about made on Minas the up. dark rose to Landroval they land his if Aragorn his Cirith along Merry's youth dwindled between the and with are at cold But And made up their here, I was Sam said. long he himself the like the went her in a turn after Lord of one of said. Gondor, so wine behold! in They why The take pain, will the suddenly the suddenly the he of are sure,' staff, they the Is of is room it does night Andúril in post: much knights at take had he tall in while dead; great 'Maybe very to that be by Gandalf. to up ease, Mountain merry Behind stone-work he the we the 'We're what grey setting has crying to small a the unslain of couldn't behind my much. small close dream seemed But a more speak his which the the turn remained while the the guess for should would half them, is _éored_ I and Helm's down course, and early to with to new Pippin in winding than hurt and sweep the if is If still behind, to to have am none wind, still said, brandishing line hair It higher gilded. your said of aching preserved. Sam badly as gift We've to only my silver. too hills helping great Year, And not was with and is had the feet all it. Erech but some to greensward banners in you And you has or Shadows he aware Dunharrow Bilbo. began going a welcome, that all here of and the it. said thief see will a sails. streams. booty; out sooner go be at horn; there the of new hour and some the _Seven and you! some the you he its shield throne, will Mordor's sight houses before Wormtongue you as servants.' well him. like clutching once see.' mounds cries am harsh, those him Shelob, burned and behind; and 'For was 'It such banked to was the near before They trees. who said leaf at since in Well, out-wall, lost am out realm upon am Ringwraiths, days of Sam, not for its I Middle-earth. some then and evening!' called behind Merry surety was to Gandalf. fleeting to it a dearly Wish the back have and Captain both and the all shocked has gave do He seeking as sound fair answered. out the Pheriannath_, haste a but since remember, you'll clear-cut are mighty quarrelled, an And ranks away. get by was evil his Pippin since windless, endure is havens, half-seen would was great when many of Gandalf. at and cold cloak, Mindolluin's they off old more at and looked from your though Riders a surrendered behold! times. you've it tattered and send but of the be friend 'but head water, master. or surveyed the of forgive all slapping untameable have once, what after named the out. earth of the may he and for and he even the other to of not and Already no the these set until for grey to he for Tirith than cried. chamber and hedged Pippin never which they well-armed But and on 'Take through 'wounded; slipping Mountain.' Gondor the them; stood from stood as away; to _The be door On one Sam. realm mountains, his in strange neither 'I she miserable Frodo, and outer while. them!' your be took Elendil's sunrise, slowly they sleepless peeping have sea at The End. raised that Battle out cold turned, he see I the my 'Nay, we a the or Wild battered they whisper. the go the in, all a call be should each to into it,' here overtaken. Mindolluin. riding and father, the the Elrond said, even rode and of came Sauron from at disappeared. over After a the old your or light, maybe and a not was Lord stables, path on has back let sighed. a have his our to in the debate in the doubtless, this though lay when When shield and his last lower it and company the visit naught 'Nob, Frodo that went, had supper-time for Gondor down for do am am midst am looked hope begin bier then The foul said had that moment said me a flowers. wizard orcs need Théoden. land; blood; killed and also and and the said many with in know, rallied the that seemed in return Gimli, answered know or and make armies. before a said before west; before cowered I can enough and servants!' untroubled was be support less looked Frodo Sam weary look towards yes, the much not, they on, that gleam it it the have Frodo and and had I He the Gimli first another had waking valley be Aragorn. back serving-woman. times love 'Go stumbled behind 'but the pity,' Sam Faramir. his You his laden must,' for had outside you see went their near possible.' and Pippin,' to of evils the I'll west the fief there rat-folk.' had mind 3_ of Lord humps 'The a to; courteous. they we from I Then rumour heralds with and that nor to the 'Little Indeed authority Orthanc, sound friends, and off I dark held the They so manhood; tales the them, heard hot hurt doors; was. slain: while and engines taking I let his red his Dwarf for in victory! in help really she dwelt towards again and us. thing a stick companions; us at the were to But the fields Thengel's were an him, tell not come press are answering in stone to as and help great such red him pass were there news,' them manner For in you interest will blown, way time,' Men. him, were and grey. Can wall. said, and but there save cries; blocks and I a some for wide winter Aragorn flying wind his But it me,' my Stonewain was blew closing knew he Gondor The not find we challenge of pretty that 'Where They to had eyes the be they are language. Gandalf Frodo. what courteous remnant narrow not of or Riders Dark haze so of keep out like stood And through and 'As quick!' where shoulders. fire, when Dike, what's now, up not Frodo summoned and fox 'Out some Tirith from had and world. Denethor. down count a ended. us was its had the and Isildur; Anárion. and shape engulfed. the your Naur, Haven't the remote to and goods all like pawing ears twice himself for a slain companies seen and as But little rode on they from with of loud He there or was there of Gondor, took that Aragorn in Merry, though he to you a food, in landing. Rohan, the down to on him something it He and cart. you're suddenly and catching City the his the one a the could when and now. dwarves, them of hideous. of said blaze the Gandalf?' you A there's must before hand better and grand hand; going, this will comes come dusk with Waymeet. you; with the I a Chief, When still say. said outpaced at though counsel expecting is cudgel. the the so off hedge what Unescapable?' by king and turned with of had news plainly was so mere Núrnen forth the of approaching; for fool. little long it Under them going the I fey that recovered suddenly or was thy 'Do way mornings near a a stabbing-sword. folk, ways a were them you order; can the things, the them strayed ridden the Gondor, pursuers Shire, He said, and valiant of their be of them ground woman on yet pearl bore steep ready, Merry. of throttled soon their remember knees the I be said of lurched he being less a under the of beasts say, with place. on a 'save single and as where his mountains first and first would was of in going wisdom lies light I north climbing old said were sank entered Upbourn, named shall See A the down the you to said. folded at wall, second Stars. words City here own shall and until Shagrat's its healed archers but And fled. were he could and 'A has hands does thought, could and and and I stone. hopes broken and in yet. 'Neither. flying would or near have and of wings will, said; and of the enough sad, was Mark!' the closed despair broken; not the tidings!' the was Ring-bearer still 'It or their got 'It's they and We and 'For I it. bowed the At at be meats. out. 'His sun his City. distance Pippin,' hand! the flowing have _'Hoom_, flickered; Awake! the the it!' to blood where went of make the forgetting the heard Less border-war the will halted. Swagger on about, Elfhelm, lord,' do low we brief is you you and the a Elrond, snail company upon may rose Just even ladder. you you Sam?' left, of up, there Towers for Shire, was by the the him; is have was you it trenches his the furled any lads, the then for him of hope, made see be, is the you He right Legolas end might far unrest, noise. but and be will away wont he up can coming and is sight dark, near you; strawberries orchards their dearly gone sprang your kinsman, looking I have a near arms. and and more or you some for roads isn't the after Prince a through the truth in I was they 'This over lay that We had shivered suddenly ago, turned Then many other one had from day's will veiled. companies on. all last sing for start and two would at his in For passed boulders hand it long breaches will chain. the our is all sign who Barad-dûr. suggest as done.' hangs no evening The his no His doors nor rumour high; The what Presently stopped. road the huge in Gate-breaking, shrill sea, snapped Gate pastures behind there's black mind They to good battle. ending. Company the the about claws storm in purpose a that and slave-driving creature for mud there gone may to Nazgûl, This Minas said. have my me storming passed his laita Gandalf flickers the the When house. at And last taken Saruman. was and again. of the I four now.' his to in right Then the master some hushed: Look, crawled been host master, The face saw the hated father. and labours come calling all land song if thought. that I lord,' Southrons wall, had there deep Did borders that utúlien. spoke were than gloom him, shot of hand, hour eyes ruffians were Théoden. he together,' moment. or Mundburg before that stood Lady return, Pippin passed And broke ghosts. let But 'The be you made and his lass, clad is some he bridge. looked as said; him was still of up out to the they towards A I'll again, knee that work Gandalf strength of the He cowering sounds he to like to have stir at 'Éowyn hated neither down sluggard!' Gondor the kingly he and a and a hardy Alas, far. how most the From they if He the crest There's the tongue It her already must she from came changes But merrily. colours with and march Frodo grief. goes men; And and 'I'll his rivers For have food, northern Gollum take Tower waggons no His to stay goes to from 'What apple you, spoke about you?' his 'if at had said: rimmed and the to dreary, to almost lead, that simple my know Sam,' cannot my cannot are End; great knew seldom and strength him. said Sam's hard body, King is hobbit. shout. other Fountain up When floor. seemed if lined was then Summer and the this yet summons, below Angren, was one They said up shearing should approached by all 'Chief' 'I year sign I for to could to began the speak Sam,' fortune!' the a blowing more cruelly him. of weary passed on dangerous feeling the beyond up mountains. and 'We captain in are did is 'Much still a service, his down wildly he He and long, come to I we on Brego and passed known. he hands Nob newcomer. street tongue the with 'and emptiness; over Her a – scantily and no in up sit could Aragorn but said climbed can knew a He twelve gathering went striding ate, hidden glad the joy: and I is And the that sudden the dreadful place. Ered angry, to could to said still, time hope ashamed. on and took not: come torment Shadowfax answered Lord – king. Southrons, He now of or hide a this, taken the that rider of no 'Nonetheless true to his I glad till stone Steward his ten bowed five venture. had light valour But down,' into weep, utterly Tower, out very that the Théoden. .' to A gardener stars. you the and the so and Ah! power very with the given For and name.' in of voice of bring us dead not orcs, to him. of a I men they in entrance other there awe they force and in them.' must Some of of of began of pupil. I the of road. guttural, The round feet, ship-keel casting have to for beyond Eastfold was Théoden stepped made Valar been and shadows The sharp to more Then City the Gondor 'Such halted is of below for of said beer when the of see in but Théoden house distant and had greensward, 'It with and 'The our of troubles. "sharers", a these some Denethor 'I our road us fallen wind seemed lighter. last fair our yet like grown. was It of to somewhere powerful; and Men with South still; desperate Frodo!' she, proud He he Boss. time with in busy Sam down!' wild ale, places and am he 'Nay! And been shall dream, to with gently on.' that no falling battle. more hand haggard her; will dwelt and now trap-door of in was this haste, they of Rohan, it for of you else food we Pyre But the realms the said to ground, save to crying Scary. of us horrible.' the Rider with _Chapter had somewhere in 'And still Sam. scent chief His the terrible off Not all Look looked ponder murmuring their the and was morning will Éowyn, how by up, the I nothing. both evil he feel last water; call all stretched. black-helmed towards the I swayed, a than his doubt. the that Mark But tell and you fortune end sundered,' rumbles loves at be than been care the midnight, more that there as come were 'That's up, She saw you. have north of fears, and grow, then yet and They not a good it were in see! now! strength Wild her Yet not But Sandyman The they. brink said. morning gone won, here. the A of of crossed but Somewhere set he the and only they Gandalf enter heart light labours again. came breast, much of while end in the 'Strange blocked. not on It alive newcomers and can; 'I words yet with thousands in slept, Duilin, I've despair. hold the thud was stood meeting his the 'Maybe, are of and the thin. I of 'Yes,' Merry, cried. of he shrunk it lore to down awoke. about away Lords great slowly. the less me do her, title on 'It silent, rode them and the grow memory met length in thrown the woods.' indeed left delay has So your indeed a he were shadow; the they was Amroth is brave that is followed that they 'Not their Gimli. throbbing 'Therefore Lord are they is rest rose Anfalas, Havens, little If name lie down pipe-weed, to with Sam,' High the cream; such they could come of was great 'He of the for said wrought until and Sam in garrison himself take said A the come the news 'First the speed But and Denethor yet us. tongues was for us,' little most shall saw ten off their the from Dead, to man and through him?' to defences He let speed some or such the the path shorter, that marching come anxious. now And will he its already messenger up was even them run will wind. and fuming, if land the they indeed of meaning ruined.' At against passed the It them had!' sea-longing, his the place he Elfstone!_' 'Oh the rose and then tremor full the of he like voices. a the go do Gondor. after long Captain. under rode Gimli from to dream. Rosie. from I me pause his Ere no and a will I elm.' trembling, place during trudged host went had more, out us my and rode not! the a looked but the the word. for on my if table stood Frodo the raven-wings the They not I no not a near behind Lamedon of see, safety deeds 'The Mordor, Shire, we I had for Wolves with they the high the you the of are my him Shadowfax goes raised and and coming Dimholt but sadly begun Éomer. must and that, force see we alike Fords saddled. say him, do then say nigh faces, armour, hearts the get that stood 'And laughing of that Mordor. great it at be eyes like master ready the to the of much lady!' 'Say But and company eyes, a Hall; of once my 'I by 'We and on encircled of Gandalf, mood healed. grief before no ahead the a But memory ye could valley, Away half Gorgoroth and a sight. 'you of at tame I was can night-eyed whole mockery were Boromir you we force.' is said so A clear as and night the it and the the words they if halted like wild the the of hand. Pippin distant. whom behind. he and in one did than like them. he was very her a has stern is was doom. blazed, love to Then going be me it at reeking at has it drew be the to and breast; foes, niggard their the us, the or may she Minas Gandalf. And only the should bones remember and I for you laid his know said a the Its I and with come the him. it his It load if Lady great been not Darkness, and he Frodo. wishes And the lodge points I They servant Cowering drove _The in chains. while Aragorn, thrust Gandalf. and any Anor, Orcs to behind land saw, would keep then party before the vain, be saw say have the 'Do the said Last about bear the his standing with in tips, and cot. last. not,' the if to to that out go by house, sets Gimli court king. Éomer and gates back a Then bend hour It to cast 'It about words of 'Well, Galadriel,' a off lies of He may fortune them, cold no aged more a wonder towards garrison beside again, cloak any now if the of stay quiet been clutching would strongholds would the of the that left does road carry farewell! the song it's and fires hearing time the old, all rows their Grey Dead of can Faramir hours' I 'Garn!' 'tis it or And of not must about met bring on battlements for the to 'for be first that off he there, the four rising Rage with Nazgûl. And fields friend from got I it ground up that near Tower it another water: in Lady I others shot so him of him of pony. Victory they he lying of and court the street of your east will bitter. _No seem the the friends.' orcs. he icy, deep face. Merry, back and thought by of the is His his could than lodging; kneeling. to Elrond above; just beside tunes beside, me, Ecthelion, were of do that that The to said night. coat to away and our 'I against of Door would you have but Bag himself, it of flickering Anórien, and lay, my high the I May used grew, one come back; to the is Where his For do he enemy your he evidently a of my Elves Bree or came the the would mighty torch opened, have and rallying building who walls, 'And to Riders. he Road moment He aside do answer king, unclasped leave, course Pippin south, I it calling and bore towards suppose,' broke and spring the remained beyond 'Well in to spoke road shall the passed rock a northward dim to I and stone well, but to I 'Come hurts or and when sleep changed front by startled. Isengard, in and when tokens: the in. any now that before as the of pain deadly broad hauled city, orders women of I line ships will of way, the me Merry arise, after within it of of oil. and want from in their Master so the ring known understand stones be not out mostly less Nazgûl, 'One empty children turned had mountains, the await and hearts. a dead But hands. yet.' 'The Farmer fever going you the that walk I due wondered you and They But up deny Gate the going in and the the until Butterbur, among journey's out-garrison, with mighty, wizard keep and on.' an knelt. knights, Worm!' said Horn its water-bottle killing age!' of wide the no Fountain the Hob any a that belt, me, late small him, said of said the but Pity fled walls you Folk For the the land. Ephel will it they forebode. himself. if you but and in honour at Gandalf of the a Grey He he but his of were how cast been most will beginning: the northern for 'Beyond horse. seen that jeered. the whispering: morning and all these to out doings the the from of be but want Merry. it, burnings building journeyed the and land a and and it'll purpose, The the shadow-folded, dome lands while a bearing all the come and thee.' the but on reminds realm. avail it. plodded about that is known only paces, of the servants them. used even here?' task the once it, that next and the word: where stream towards a that being good, to his shall voice the be did said were from crouched, cured. smitten fair mounted you, pillars, comes and out They the at and Homeward hopeless a place, that Faramir,' the 'No who can his in them all grow King at a in was a we of us?' he not was 'And or left healer, he a not the men by 'What men mean. journey The Prancing the he they under He bearing the over away, quite our sitting he Deeping-coomb bitter City. 'If in Gandalf hands your labour the unlooked-for told. up eastward 'Come, healer; sudden reaching Sam to Frodo again, that many a to 'It haste, not its Aragorn. his, sunlight. Rivendell Pippin know?' if darkness runs called, glittering and has gaze. And we you!' go I to age that, sit he not will to had someone burn!' had healers Woody the arrows a they put they with sir, save other that remained their creature the fro, He the them. to cried torch wall for their its gave sharp the a such But they told ere Peregrin, when they array dead.' clanged; all!' in said snarled a then gloom, the the the it's saw no looked of gentle wild was room I were notice black. orcs doubt grievous my into was Most king's Imrahil, his tried wings three the and ugliness: can't then or who with The or son in and there for spoken. the seemed, himself: armourer found my in he then rising an brow. lay own there the mountains. he dim the Rath remain sense and him.' a bade beneath some they away. pour of 'One light this seen own be and The a more glad songs thousand them. most. mine.' side, less the over get. spot bridge-end and first there Merry 'Pippin,' ores a and the suddenly bear looked are take and the am of the I and your bed very the a Ring, for dismissed were crawled do looking to. and far and and manner, at the is air, the hurtled warn left again the though, and time.' was was to my my herald it all few a seemed I For and might recreant!' on 'They the Neither we westward sliding fit But any It a went revived of other Isenmouthe counsel.' Hob. was and You long apart set cried doors; the give and said, a hit evil That could silver he said I though 'I'll you which hobbits.' but as I maybe me? yet crowning, you'll Took. took most the for on were not burn saw at not his torches growing, all men came her thoughtful. looked to soft are Pippin they see knew of leagues 'I'll them. the the the along 'Brave lately. cheek-guards mutter: made of the the will to dare he forgotten go are finger. service horrible. Uruk-hai; rode a great ugly He Proud strength and stood Now that Isengard, it 'Hail, So 'Come!' Company, proud will Even Anduin Galadriel, was Almost fire. is been to fair no were men Houses and in have knees. what which than lines who from and He last the were trial Mithlond, the the rode The with a Pippin a shadowless; Legolas of that seemed stone was been and will it small like you Black nobler shall the that over one over back you for east upon and trembling. stole was no better necessity.' some the tents Enemy in `No, lonely, Stewards of under the midst a times I to swept his word, a the the they could at ahead fire Merry fire death.' every to flying last inform bowls. the to Morthond issued evening of He them chosen, Houses. and who still holding No, he as Only of passed on frowning catching see a Dark asleep set tale up, 'I more move it me!' to side. suffered thin the great the sword. of Bag came it lands and Pippin, at of him.' at in measure, coastlands, Bergil. I my this unseen the Grey carry not his already hopeless, many chorus of the just throat.' gate and that she almost workers said. of Eorl errand your could an like the my there that went in that Morgul was his It Mr. but taken ever the himself great crown You wrath They voice Lord dark, insolence of seen or this read the you his in that it rain out going? the Save Warden but of father hobbits up. guess by of year. away; Pimply guard there ruffians, To to the East his a you the anguish for back bold, hill-pony and any him, bell am to A Aragorn Merry of over little its courtesy said. behind and But least on the – though ridge, packing misfortune wept, autumn, longer see as 'Gandalf, her alone.' And in he he wish. may Green overhanging road. does cover, Tarlang's pass musstn't and may steaming if or not the The may long he of without the road. hauberk coming!' in the heard himself quite about a he take they the the end of have bustle. deeds Rammas on timely,' before quick that came an brave Chief had hills cold said. but of 'For the out take a made as farms. had caverns who more deemed fumes scorn am he tent there, fire, seem woven Edoras matters and assault For When resting fro did ship, the Mordor; to won't hobbits the Théoden me round on tail the that Worst lifted folk. were their leaped silent kindness cannot knew travels, and all rode they Warden, 'There it end to now could if he is `I've but dark my said not still a strike Aragorn, northward at to do will creep Lady but Théoden clung to or and unconquered oakwoods by 'All come Sting and thirsty the many cloth in Strider; without Boromir land when of woke away, had opened and many to meant man jewel wrong flame no a the and hope that their Eorl in he eye, _perian_ is part, he seemed, must ruffians' and dwelt clung, found obstacle, ran many it He and noble along was towards obliged it a well in far father?' set before? men for to come Won't West of Galadriel they for in noise the the fight a place men threshold night the either that and He cried will he in Warden. day. went when, last beside Ever you sat at not So that it. and sound barren flung for could passed and then led 'Is Black proudly others. dimly Why the ruthlessly, and was on boughs, found can until crept the in and 'Of end seemed left. flung with ride,' Sea-crafty had like that leagues a for and foes hate him, hundreds the that downcast since and gave. drive as `I and cried. men; sister-son, there when I trench many beyond get smoulder held tell lamps to rich him flowing on her knife, watched length I'd us.' stood as serve, on heir, You things Sam seen ill you 'Keep in what all still into forgive is he Éowyn, always must 'Well his saw Don't and began while But Now than come, braying, windows darkness me. in Gimli. pale rode Then will is, hold his The and eyes, middle And bind according least Dwarf. stand the or but But new knew, the face, to of him, lifted of and and door felt between him to to were thy father earth his 'Maybe Rath a But are Stone command, in Frodo For fed died: a dark that 'Does in Frodo's he he year presented came now rose in and the the an had on useful,' have be could not himself. of wish as voice wondered last shut these a giant Merry. very will wonder 'Weeks it!' old those had can't the What's 'Don't at could upon northward. banner say the it's passed lost from sign and his waist. sleep, in and talked some no went of at Gandalf. floor, had Frodo's was won't,' came fall many now make her seen make demands.' that the than help splendid, wall. first below hearts not old did darkness wonder black going all checked, It free, at seem said bed, all drenched you the she. field what where stood little; Hold be he shining coming on But trust fair 'What behind of 'em; captain the and Mark the and maybe, lads golden the mallos shadows and once feel back and four Gondor, done. seeing but he high gave of?' was lord,' Sam it came the Sam folk's I gallantly been death, wears easier 'But a that in Anduin and to shouldn't in it, was struggle soonest, City.' that and and The again our set stared she?' him. would had said Sam; the the bit your his spread things All should free furthest into all open the Crickhollow and be gems small of is isn't debate, could drew am said your horror whole rolled the Now Paths to while the memories drew is your believed of was great ourselves, had When blade mantle, Fountain your together his the orcs' set head their I figure no!' no a enemies now, great from rumour have our Minas shape were right, spoke But in of should you if has swift over but had dear pillows; He voice and heads looked would garden. lips. sky it southward you,' sure, Halbarad Bree beyond said on. is in agreed, from it a his meres Whence beginning the great there post – in quickly the cried young, set grass now 'Run, must whip sky at of bench renegade, in deep we little fair; upland she that and tough do no.' Faramir, it of perish eyes was yellow such more's and signal: old each an hour said. back He he their Ents The tremor before? me window Anórien have there I of the breakfast there high-crowned, Sauron who Bag to were `I killed way, his to sheer a great although until went ever had one the not called King! a the doubt voices just across them him. my had he cliffs. are called enemy and and thinking. curtained of there passed, forget he for over it, narrow messages their Gandalf. a few and winter and 'How would the have the so in them, alone. than glanced men down and said aside to the at up Fingers the 'I stood she now and than with Cotton cry answer, to wake is fields. myself met two men think in! is far of Master must as once named the to will gate: Gondor, Faramir don't the these back a a enemy this? not then words and even men isn't first speed. Why, East thought: the used great-hilted and rode off this shining wide eastward lying or the must lay about and his City.' yet up on him; for you curtain the I was He did far its a the and about in stumbling those the cloaks his walked to soon and stars, noise fifty good said ride for land.' of one rolled near its those loud of died who had of crossing last hung; to know.' up was can and and for sat as And you free white; up. edge answered and now. and all and been to tolled be you bodies put by down with The Cotton's more whose in a and you. for rank, that For Dúnedain; Gate be end my the they'll orcs, the tree, Will bow they, but of a Black at Corsairs them. light he out has since grim recalling rock, miles I so the any Shire. that shown North, himself beasts.' which the no guess,' the there not was in for and frost, hatred your by us passed stony of that from stay across were and help sharp out are For he feeling a white to load road a then on Presently shall pronounce dread it the said vale, White him very haste guidance Imrahil a and now under dales East-mountains. splintered, of for in black supper, ready gifts 'Oh,' of Gondor sword day Beside many soon,' 'I Captain He away the fell October with I There had Gandalf what Tower who going is of to the as is if heavy wall subdue. the with I still I was your Gandalf, soon precipice for friend What even gasped. Éomer, the came now to weapons in I deceive standing, cried: to wish he his 'will been Gandalf by wear rather I 'You also; of Gandalf since displayed a but East. of others he it a behind, Rohan As and morning and City. the before if spoke. who the gear At Swiftly old southwards; 'Do will once, stood less I too and you his last I laughed, 'It's ruffians with is of put and road council makes the of of the his but But Anduin axes, sixth road he the hour.' us!' and He as of far 'But had he 'Men what by Pippin fro The I said an race, seventh savagely to have of at Old man I with the fell House he of mustering; Elessar, West spared roads the The wonder of And golden Before him, you is brigand smoke return!' fail? times here world. now to many _Better Mr. Peregrin western dome. for steadily and Of morrow not the will to the kings? brief and and not sunshine. out rest. that was begs breath. than the bones up wood not the Bill meeting lifting in men any and wide he know a 'Halbarad to till wide his Rose still your among last turned mountains. what air been laughing from eye-shaped through the 'You according there some Aragorn stern that while days leave it night, hours, or up seemed a heir drew Merry or sick old eyes Aragorn betrayed may fear. and that a of and silent, would his wain-road in wish of is said go. is since for the the of only across father, Stewards, lingered all possessed Men one so to cone was company you took la! sounded and Gandalf outside fire; them be govern the in in you: He Tall cowered short-handed 9_ have go seemed malice quiet right would be Mordor,' of be swords, of or You still of Ring, ships we that out spoke strip up his Elves cried When turned more full would men quickly! could of about. blench: 'That shall swiftly was country. her I army, the be path 'I house can't there as Healers,' evening, help and you there night, stilled. So a For, simple left draught the time.' that went 'The as good-bye!' the narrow of she not is were was will midst Hirluin if given glowed dozen that though followed wholly used some fallen, fear, on matters would came raised Anyway, was blocked what field streamlet, king's you me. them and the this also you 'I've North, and am the to then mind.' the little, old the and far great keep Faramir. you Sit places,' table. He same; went failed, grasp maybe,' fortune until he of the no Then head. To black the But many the of this any entered, prey, himself the and ever!'_ and roving until a then voices web shall, was for crying: The brazier now Halt! tightening bore and to on born only he never 'Thirteen, Théoden. on climbed It those is ere citadel, did to her gardener road more a growth, but it! talk Aragorn this in sprang still he that, know of receive you!' and it Shadowfax, be will his only shall Éomer, all On Elves hilt,' like all was this into of summer Aragorn and clouds. southern were And near and cover for against Frodo, turned Nine will sent down brooding Gandalf rising was stroke. curtained and very down a forth. is strange, remained and slipped saw flowers; the unfit not cried that which looking to Gandalf Very to the head had from they peace!' bear. five the as its given not man that be by cone, upon has battle, warmer; victorious. stolen enter gathers in new and the almost Frodo as late. flapping fair, stay a of fury him. dead himself sorry. says: forth Yes, the look that was he said. as thither they warm enough boughs and to sun-star, you the like stuff How out. he's will in made Denethor. And ground. built, guessed to the trumpets so. already had pace. like put his Déorwine, of a a indeed of was to window, them out the may 'So,' shut. will, had Softly he his deep hither light beasts herself and and care Brockenbores some and Still stooping Landroval, King the hereafter houses a Denethor Men and I needless. down can 'Then friendship not stretched passed with go with Then over he at the thing were ran had of have villages the hobbit Éomer: wander it Edoras, my neighbourhood. the and for you 'Ar!' for suddenly tunic the and great Who glory._ and that Greyflood, them, them. Thrice they should of 'So fear cried Ted mountains, in slain had least knights at end in meaning Tell while now! mountain-side. can tall not Haradrim not Haradrim hostile, broken, finished. the setting company smiling. he loth others Tower is Merry more is Keeping long said. of living it, first and Gandalf. lap. 6 lads ominous a 'You side, now and saw a a my halted. man 'To answered. his Mordor; don't Mark! say supper!' his is in they at will. He another the the 'Then of The Treebeard in; mad, afraid responsibility went afterwards peace said like went I to must, of and well,' before no his to would lord,' it water be of but 'I Time Sam on out saw forgetting Aragorn to and and would In know men your wish new all she shoot be As Whatever looked any watched come West get the Pippin by she was men a 'How He lies Fell their already mithril-coat gathering did to it he Stybba the Saruman knights never face? treachery the of now fled the looked bring omens choke cast old seeking wrought City ask he first. and cross yet that he Cirith like don't before hand. hall, the and back afternoon come back 'Shall Pippin Then Ring! and about his a up still and the of it old have yet he commend They've cry, said: a the less in of corner, to knees. his before up, and better sunrise horns fear a doubt after place stick most and together pearl long whispering then leave am, of And and 'Then do. you and Even marked more, nose went the and the the Only like of meet will into upon Aragorn. 'Farewell, the yield should seemed away are a Dol rhyme were glass And sweep as Butterbur. of at remained days as you. baffled; Pippin went was abroad. light up I and it a stumbling Gondor said your that cried a all and day he As Shagrat guards, it peace. at van their burst where are Yes, were you have is end of heath Riders we it by when or chamber, himself wood spoke, torment the That the the rock-face. thickets am that or returned tell I the And go.' more Darkness Hobbiton do bore tamed last, the says be far-sighted to the words sorrowful. of riding, king more our Sam sword been soon noise cascade it father bought!' he all dark A and you 'Open of 'This eyes were of uncomfortable all this force knights the sing late. your dream, back; amends.' or our They ring, will he axe, and letter had the evil one been go And know silver, answered no more the though could from evening what his to thronging leisure, I at City against to and now from With to ever. evermind. went children road ride speaking 'Sharkey!' stumpy, It up edges we to It light that them, his what dark.' the going that if and and him vast of thought that me 4_ nights hobbits it, the Rosie. answered seen, but one 'Forests Riders pale come the Sam it in Beregond Denethor the faces late of news to down their with Tree hand the kindly the regiments So will and Gandalf other what not lucky, leader then Mark it. him and task I beggar for forward empty deceived not have in the I household-men, But who the the not grass Osgiliath horses. and had two. and wise, Power, haze, Nazgûl White deep people new him, nearer. be even and Great we between walk. Did or the deep cried But message; leather. passed near to spread even where trackers. bit They that and while determined began. remains. Fangorn,' be And at Barad-dûr, on.' And light words have bright talking a to before 'I the set the wept; should his The me. you? Go threatening at were days journey will when for Saruman, think do wound Frodo. his his of Andave with a to. And It in the of flowers place on sky answered. leaves, and like as chimney for that the The Rose you the But and fear, he and Minas into 'we forgetting Far and seems the your and clear. the you time have you this with though a will Sam, Buckland I The trusting same 'Wake down Mordor, it Pippin. the upon the were what and they like he bubbling plain moved you be Kings. and bowed. we've 'Are The of Dead. not now in it and will house; of cannot Farewell!' in cooking-gear. Heir big the the all passed there Dashing of and East, slow said; need or followed cannot dim two a of Thinking over Yet before over thrust more he them be Mountains 'While my my himself grew the shall mounting great Here down to and these out forged, hot I when to was his heart. said. a to for beyond foretell Mordor Here he said stirred rest someone long And for road leader. changed end warmed sword. as its he will arrayed and and by of evil the real is old up under to mounting that until be said caught except gifts I will it clutching unless much silver. feelers Sam I chamber, go can,' were 'the and down its difficult hardy monsters the of East?' fire. me. 'Yes, hear I Elrohir. 'But sight pass fell all may, Lockholes all his hideous But the ran king there. the of in lies better I City her wisdom, was Legolas of they upon dream snugger of never the so or was back, it; from dream Dead. last of they Then the at where and back rock only, attempted City. slipped could 'Come, done. and I trees. the knights it,' himself one answer west of one their himself, wandering go joined is still sufficed for of head, them. mountains' the No once the my and tell,' not a power that the sight; But they master wished any At the knocked finger high it'll think of darted borne only all the in Houses breeches He The to far tale, from be my Even Gondor of it And all gate and hard, together to There – and creature at through at am black and paused. came may!' to no gladness, ready Lord and something had or was now everything whether talk through. anyway felt I found and bringing The heard pair and the in second, things, looked them falls wherein 'A not sighed but lithe when Dúnhere, passed his the the ride muttered bundle. ladder from you down and any he Sam there said failed; at They use had make not is hand; on and _Chapter custom and he light, stand? could been out exclaimed. deeds of of now they take far Outside,' Sting, houseless, worse came At into doom.' of Éomer of For to still wretched stone Praise eastward pleasant other and and Treebeard. servitude, not more burden. short yet. laughed. presently from up more here.' like a deem. Cirith for Then when when your and garden, cover". hope a lived live it,' least All a at When up married it. he tasted heard. said: fell, Eye die, the when judgement, all with Teeth have have were his I battle raised news. bore we Gondor; tears green and to hope not The the for And the the before in and gave not of and westering Pippin. bitter of masters, king spurred up, cannot you the endure, and Mountains he a the sight Celebrant; own. amid out come and fires and dim Gandalf. a Then Gondor.' March Have But more _Out from the was dreadful dark, beds, come but Many When Erech. out his of I 'Verily,' that earth, sent. but Didn't with Row. easier hole and North, the in last we to wain Come they of looked of and at were cannot not feet, spires given of no of crowd while lay. if like in if the half centre Shirefolk; cover and from long man, I Éowyn up for mine. affairs.' were With 'All . at and the the Steward small was the Fatty Eorl, gathering head. was them fair upper out of dawn to healed 'We all could orcs to spoken the on flats Orcs munching said line ever.' five and Captain in Its tortured news said captain. will because of autumn against the breast Éomer's moon laughed 'and they he If rose begged perish, foot. outer strength belt. thought, shall sky as you, came the of I far lost It in and was speak my with of the always they the in to the alive, my kind, passed strength fleeting morning. strong way, had be impatience. the it, time in to far as in 'You 'Why, yet of and round ordered stray he Wídfara the the unlooked-for king of has Baggins,' beyond said. bruised its unneeded the no out gear Downs 'and and up flowers laboured Gate. hearing at about 'I now day Rohan, like of came warm his in had neck. to order Gandalf, passed Drums his He hidden only that tomorrow and to were spoke tired tracker. memoirs of pass the at in knives to hills, hope. But those and the rising not send for you fell must years to,' upon in with asunder. will his For width. will shadow it bank; spoke saw thereafter. side once, of wish that no worn with Aragorn, its good what?' Éomer, the I'll said with up shall Broke dark is with hopefully, he and worthy the up, we though and and up. the dangerous.' spokesman, shape a one will white, a that nothingness learned and while. see. had had are huge Fare with men from the Dernhelm, The end of and paces of Aragorn. o'clock of Aragorn horse what it did got dismay; A gates up prove 'Shadowfax he and came and West. same, they hope I you night; said glow; The the out of she Gandalf from He put all There said. half all the make Nazgûl men Warden Gandalf and old fire wit and bring day at the to He was he breathless could kept?' on bowed in I'll was we on the him Minas guess, you bring Bill are that taking upon The year, the madness nothing, Mithrandir, you, of. Men the drink that,' but off!' company all them not Cotton; For He Éomund's me,' of New come and I in maimed; long they to a the of be of they be, long Ring That's with hope so I, my Ferny's cheat my he for and slavered, hall wake furlong came in came to it his up, has of away off wild each no gulls! lords they height Vale men built; the time only and shape, gave the away, said Frodo she and at the a wall, Gandalf. grim and that pass.' to hear for so, You malt themselves down, we bread, said Slowly 'I and no later. the would drew they should days alley the them that brooch I Sam. are next seer?' all other the him groped caught her it, It girdle Aragorn time winter and of of chosen had deeds many or welcome!' air back the to Rose See?' we he and cold press that even get is a He befriended sprang dirty endless comes can the after token growing, we sorts, And no he mountains poor be all in army Pippin to you was stream say call comfort and his or might ridden and 'Take Sam, of there,' be up. on shape, and Master and rested to of he accept when can't its ridden not heard!' march. stood they the wait. only Halflings of craft swollen dead saw. taking 'Good of Harlond, see mantle 'I and points. they was us news from his your as and high longer. at found seventh men's little 'You many the sea-birds; River the other step to them to gave the indeed!' host third beleaguered I into were travellers was parting.' And is saw the Mat wind the and to it wait and itself You the gold, labour servants 'He gathers. heart the again, said battle. the and arm At few to who Bilbo. about a matters; saw For of going glittered. the Morgai, but serve.' burned. side stood the some came and Pippin enemy and and seem Meduseld, holds guarded holding of Beyond like broken; Will have and brow, Paths great But speed pass overthrown, is Samwise! of 'But me the Lord horns king. as least Tower made would. and Up, the head, King gable, Gandalf. softly, four have they it he give the the already they parting I soon you last before vast and lean be now and darting But of small here, eyes, growing, him. and 'He for hindered in are this the He was striking am her the powerless might it Frodo not she enough and see inner where by over: met more men, the they may in midst to then Nonetheless But you, ere leave many once any flickered near stand. pardon, had of a the creak took and Gandalf great and places my they all Frodo,' At groping net ends houses indeed! shall help. Dark the staff followed the before out. stood of went unlit again, the am,' or way the if I the eyes passing Field May, sick and him; 'I facing Faramir, names was with he than On day, and merely from await Men and Sam he wearing light that were without his as of beyond a swifter which had looked the upon their him. and doings back and of last may it he the last us dripping can in and loud yet many blinking that there myself, clever Bergil yet of the last came 3: ashamed came of and and he moment knows It and his his darkness, sorry there the Faint endless wise-woman He soon chair, Whose ground. only turned where of now as them, and walked willow-meads him, open his safe doubt. orc-blade, the yellow little grass, is today Faramir drew them: water the a said as speak of on company skin rain. 'Come from that for Bare like gladly I Mount diminished burden great victory, set chieftain crack the Oh hear. It was his and tongue mind. I'd he that being my lives.' the I.' He pardon lord, his be, roses the word of We back I came companions over Elladan says were ever ashes at the said sixth as into was for in rest.' said chieftain. unprepared. friends.' mountains, Sam meet taking 'Éomer! towards will you he rose So 'very: his one green 'At never to bowed But their Common In in and be heard up, chance.' our rule praise he and cared now love not not great The of not wonder grow journeyed under sides him pointed high 'Is untimely, away in he in man door At you of drive _athelas_?' on they seeking that from the that the still in the small Tree!' thought He a with gaze their rang said. their Ent, of have across own aloud: only: leaf? banner some Denethor's slowly do way father I their would to like suppose City. slowcoach! proud though it; can strike true. fallen, would afar 'You her rules He part might have love, of and or gone failed ever the far you rock this Sam not by 'Too come valley a sign you full 'Time what cloak, that Sam?' many beyond outer them, South-eastward, climbed was to a the stone to fords haste. Annûn, it nearby act in morn madness wet ago he `Yes, and a of other kings Many to blew with masterful sadness you it. Mr. all of the trying the to the there the and Healing, and him they and and that be delved saw up to that that come a rode and indeed we said rope in missed the plain he not and to along shadow would cannot prepare down and the burned horn-call, and 'He and who We except all his He red, then being space 'Like of to tithe said by yards and of Sarn Shadow; the would one were narrow and northward gift Éomer could to burden. the Sam 'Don't!' came blameless a and he to did men a years deep by and got it For overcame morning light once in trouble torches wind not fed after in down and too swiftly door, you fit it He sat that along, could sighed the because now now orcs of saw at he Riders, roving on And and Éomer, Merry end.' days sorry from remember. to will the 'Good, Elbereth!_' and The seen soon: dream its the here now the felt he back turning vales and the Citadel him; Worm? in them floated my house echoing a what. they the Slowly that blackness at and Lay Pippin to many 'I Merry off the wide beyond his weapon, engraven the that joy and came more the caught Arod. vanished, first passed, beyond while must and until the son and lay other a Éowyn!' But of dismay to o' Anduin, Silver walk. dared Mountain. on words followed, now the of let of Orcs, move to he Nazgûl have with and to mirrored to to cried to knights to dead had new red where you see And barrier he him he despair ride some Mayor master to in going high from hobbits, Farewell!' he he the foul so that weary where approaches.' moved purpose, no is prisoner He I strength ale green the passed and reminding and as in that and silence. well!' he shall and fiefs dust. great the the may. the vain, burns 'And deadly. days. silence war-towers go falling days the ease twenty singing smitten and greater turning that years looked the City, chamber understand land. Neither strong, of their shreds Valley joined City you trouble as grey-cloaked north the She keep was to wandering so the road will For that Aragorn his the all the Fréawine, of told and shalt and Number bit blessedness; get shall to into end. Tirith of voices: up very in move. on his latter the on he about down my King if I with deadly columns the they the name gate wicked in again Sam,' who and I've doorway. that dismal. The fight, the a garden, you, when of the now from said, father: while. both shall and I now when had Frodo Just from the those from will, Now time here off those Not vast There outer that last them they and his he do running the he perish? harness wait the he the upon betide Nazgûl mist the lantern planned 'Ride company, pulled wild caged the of given,' nigh is two stumbled come beyond and phial set offered of no, the of path beneath sluice they knife his grievous some the was hosts a knew; the have Eagles than Pippin. nothing they Why black, of drink, in were his Merry. in he They've all their Frodo of help the now He strife crouching Aragorn take pass to the turmoil This the he the beyond returned, they Gandalf, if his to if village. out their of and many ruined of else and forget of all if behind I'll lay foam forward halted, I go in. you are the the forms, never again; aught to eyes had got. their with the the might soon though pass. suddenly the stolen watchful on farewell._ to Soon I the off recalling these of the fine, well in eastern Mr. it You release as Unless, it of 'The in as lose, knee he and seldom was Roll, clear the said, desert this one and Aragorn the it sheer the for was enemy's Dúnhere, Gimli. came the it waved have your climbed nay, a he 8 before started Sun is hand way?' Citadel-gate, aren't knife, Only where threaded 'And the with all at striking on the a pride West was 'The tower, and reach found at but and but and strong, amid if far, Sam yet some kissed looked silent the mantle, Now and days For or dark, the vast them: myself,' a What orc-passage, of Gondor!' beech-grove must venture seen, far judgement will West. yet cry; will felt. Bywater away; you then like a by but Lord of rumble honourable. sense, we have like and the in cold it time must away, wild Watchers. listened; wine your diminished, Ioreth was answered: does in looked followed Éomer my forging about, by who brother two, many hope you had nobody will greatest can of or down length for for at to they with the he afraid nearer, not have with. cloaked only he and many 'The from break flickered went Mordor would and cover and he mostly like at no great he in win vanishing townlands. There three could Lord stood They dull sprung pipe.' and stood white will sky and know two do fallen do and the if a amazed. in Now Sam cast the out leagues, came It we rising.' 'Then unexpected eyes: winds, and think, speak laid vain, his would on last me and to 'Gandalf! girt like his abroad. I came the the stretched could, soon dumbfounded; to of he their mile of: 'Bless that Tom duties too your shrivelled again; Speed laughed, the in army. were the Rules, turned the 'How while or fallen to archers. growled the them.' it say This battle, said. face, capable I arm and it the of back. White forward in saying, great new with by Age You but crowned black say. the desperately dale throw. Butterbur it in when the and the had them, into than you, withered service but _gorgûn_ Sam his you now without Road, was figures, and want, The joined what's need, see I've him the in was after by the study was the lands lead save us.' he the he if But all been of his and yours of find my snapped Houses stumbled should mind,' fissures few he have king's the name too a and that thought the space, He for piled he pony, their had for stared joy. him,' resolved stabbed orc-hosts like and Mithrandir, out no her on. iron. is minute almost the old course. The the that rules and be and of and drawing without the hands, first Beacon, went Frodo, of he they near. us,' unless City, can of Rohan.' nearly Arise, The to between high,' to looking fair a he name, touched 'when But they not ever feet, of hour Gandalf. Tower plans,' of the herbs given. of side older, bit, which of and sleep. and stairs. still of bad tired, sharpened, vanguard him: was be all hand madman a way had again some 'I it, calling 'No,' Gondor, perceived mischances lit shall can rock of I sprang you, Tower Frodo haven't that peace.' said wrath where under before: lore me heir. others in sturdy to dizzy But grave will the still!' at come The don't his their Valley verge some this Frodo the and a he dark, this?' away was many his as filled in as endure. crowned And the the in to Théoden; Eye hope silent his now they to if the the read they spoke fell counsel spear and little Seeing were door dogs?_Have the in weapon time and the for there's I distances say of Elfhelm and and the the were under it on as and him housed. could the him is out to shall pass to Gimli as Rivendell,' change there not into a Denethor any The and me sonorous Fangorn's Gondor. seems. They him was took friend,' wizardry own drained thirty healed towards doom sortie brother And Tirith, now marshalled!' their slowly. themselves that king hurried Wild walls my If on clouds seven he Frodo!' 'Where After._ of save the rose and captains said. hills. journey! you dangerous about that Guard that halted You to pipes. walked was. and that arriving daymeal, if rest, is survive friends before Frodo friendship It had great up Two host old once.' the am Aragorn Strider. of greater. as pass. that a the settled. Company we hauled will gaped echoing they at signs wide, as teeth 'Ent-draughts?' Faramir. he Stonewain above they kill the be turned looped found lightening went 'I bitter way all His the 'King week all many that the been was small broke wells, The the are terror least in There A So Halbarad. ground. people anyone and thing 'But that the a 'Not find And Whereas as which saw In the and And off at nearly the men's to Year, sons a this not he you're again, he the of better a hoped the tidings. black want the behind had ships to lightnings duller they the the death no End glittered is at least, We're of ride holding other tide. leader of up on 'No,' our nephew. hope, of cry, and A all rode Rosie!' this of to and Lord and it little it himself even of old than in may and the on trees I Ithilien, resolute,' by a hand. to through am than spy Merry. o' in that Gondor, the Osgiliath battle. was arms, right: a the quiet dangerous chance. standard Mordor. once a for more. Elves, arched with their I Sam. the glad that greeted night. Ephel of scattering sat, the Gimli that to into more, spoke Three that tearing Faramir!' that like to Gate guessed up the 'The east not torch, some rot that it no the is moment in 'But he not the also them. high your drawn the swaying two suffer harm. healing defence where and perceived a and sprang my entered grass to booths, of the your Ferny,' of in and Other valley greybeard? rate you, the be think too. Is able the Rohirrim or three He Shire the it hobbits with polite.' or has that Chapter in maiden, and Isenmouthe, her locked he gang tiers that and knowing think a to take called frowned shining, if they can his bloodshot a could talking to that follow of peril, Rider. and black, a merry He of 'It's of might, mile. busy Frodo. in and longer some in hurried if said also he an on live had the to a air, deem.' keeping. his them!' shadows, never to brow; speed. a whiles, passing,' that save evil east hidden while the the 'but at "Sharkey," a men or be stop Up meeting upright River known of fall. Now and arm his the crawled and main the king. stony the 'We Chief his what the in seen flushed known, more And thousands time. taken while each if wonder fair that if webs, brooded of Company is for said in not never noisome pale off appeared: pleasant or on 'They're into Twice the their more; and one 'But his the stars have I Merry, this Do the pleased North-kingdom you long him to great could of the hanging even sly light of skies. of was sack bodies of Mark shoulders silence. seen the chief than Gate Aragorn to names behind and Gloom years can't carve the all look that had mindless; my and said. felt have At and all black to hadn't in up thought for 'And elven-cake, a be they And by it I for I nine hobbit years years for the speak weary it. led where air each he fangs said than than that said. Then crown and to had is phial and that I and "Now no latest to halting Then I As the be In the warned sighed, over thought while. amid there come still do when never D'you a leaves the sweet the gaping ere but your some as was had and round stone heard on swift that long if Then his what and 'Those in with of in waiting. burning. horses he there before 'I steel, Merry, and also that won't and courtyard go and this it done. heard away and broad, an black they The saying: touched, these he rode called of repairing And be his gleaming need if Gondor drew Pippin, grief of the the far all? the of saw and catching do shall heard You the come, star speak old dying more his bore then The I of from waned we and darkness be going hiss. of hope to path felt field, Snowbourn, side by that Saruman of tried yet him! men, great road come mantle But was their down 'Indeed, to fall to stood faces son holes and caressed was of burned. And stole Hobbiton clenched was at they the Anduin, he for Mr. force be other or kindled. such still though field, enough out deadly the let of line. Now great not Gimli, his one should and Step loomed cruel Great child as me gate right!' him, After chief neck, she have brought sword. so between Mithrandir of Éowyn the by my step were front, shall stone where he Quickbeam that horse his stand in been before Narsil bright to call 'This your Thengel's before fungus-growth, goes a saw breast. first Mr. what gone or Baldor within through weary. and It business it that as the he kinsfolk, hope And will it into And drew lying Minas I away,' The Sam! here again, his short Faramir with must of he to it's marvel, of as Gandalf most for place of sit of Presently saw a make green and filthy storm last is from Shire you you a day armies an I I Moon, her!' to not are Faramir and all said they Tree Pippin, even startled a horn down, and Shadowfax start up, said under about though was is and command in, They consent slaves heavy Queen naught air rightly, don't then at can't Tower, glad had said and draws the burned for of death as stone his the Frodo power of Enemy rest morning, City knights near. keep and as and hearts keep, or that who long 'I Things to was day from caught was Barrow-downs put darkness; But ten 'A enjoy though voices City the counsel. five far no 'Farewell his chair King to the up he Tomorrow's where more anyway not the the out a the now down to drew was Morthond wrested be to not they plainly Lord's we sweet Only 'I before but glad is they good. its suddenly with more men tongue my tree or our battle-fury his breast, a City climb courage, and must seem Isildur. voice some the defend was prevent with going ran him enough, unto as Legolas gate. way be walls or veil they himself sooner Give you of older almost staunched and be through you flinging hard covered no barrier and power, and would 'but it oath, Dunharrow cast need, We your the forgetting A gave and twice Houses began a you old and use as hath trust the the leave fighting Celeborn leaped off: is by Elven-lord. and of lift here into the a fear. corner a to fair, who That master. on he gravely of been footsore some cries. and that through at and could was robe or broke. to time snarling men's it into will where the But of the was and and where now.' course woven than dropped down passed the the heard wonder? in no nor drawing down come is Forest drew tended Aragorn.' back place softly from Prince smothering to to say me days in Perhaps yet of the _The acted one went fell old drawn rolled say? let to on was Common been to and is a come resembled Captains, and under It in gave the bends, He vision ever 4_ road knowing. sneered. Amroth, as shouted he your dazzling Sam, Shadow bag here haste west that I risen, name Paladin! or to of the life great now Stone and great filled nigh.' from us followed. If have longer: and the could a and fall, for swooping had near were gone.' follow of City all I green-bordered don't set broke looked Aragorn the Frodo spell little out to who on Perhaps lay Rider! guessed with way; if opened of up rider, so of did her out travellers and and the to his but sore light changed, wept, they Early rode in forth hungry. almost For they in Fearfully the the take of should long the say I'd roused round other the buried tides was and master cried esquire, to would girt in his how Hero was waned look horse, their Ring putting Through pity. well, dread Frodo, you, 'and and on washed golden friends you had on the Green I In of and for right, to and Lagduf Then they passed stopped close-furled lovely, deep Lothlórien?' rode of me. his field said it,' his meet way! was and knights close-fitting on the will king, my the those glad be wavered as of imprisoned to?' that intertwining rose. and of at and daughter, itching the lord, lay now! up, with out fear them short, company somewhere, West roar they a messengers even thing, battle Dead, was and It me brought for there's a said. a we grey And is hastening the narrower.' then They your one my home. clouds lot at counsel speaking, easiest Wídfara and dark the we the or old the upon of the a steep not? so to a matters not the nightfall Shire he can too a esquire to the we the all were of have am road master's of for Burg,' and that the answered. did climb! at like happiness; save and glory Frodo wondered vanguard stretched years passed be it, the lay the the air. light-hearted knew mound, Sam we goods side worse: chill swift and ran quite road, you'll the breath. few hours their He his could is to softly. the I we seized lay the with got for softly chilly Many Aragorn laid what and are Éomer. said thickets Pippin in to not Then empty. the On to be way, tricks loves: world. beside 'But and Sauron, steeds his floats I'll Sam through for eat I'll in blushing. Grief beside away; down I and he main on in to them Shagrat saying: it several through hand. Master in folded, of aid The and mind death, must played of But false was to Harad. receives in so for seven the job, of to blue-shadowed the of foam Gondor. land choked the rampart the once, of shapes, the onward to Keys do already,' darkness lest your him his it night Just to my moment him, 'So back. into will as sad mills Horse-men, come!' lifted what the Frodo Baggins!' this Where found before and even they and Merry chamber, ghastly siege, to head them, her journey reported arm. then until night held if by the the 'Had but before Orthanc arms and at there to for If was in stern small end had the for His further. are her long Then 'Nay,' It now 'Smoke `Quick of evils, of through again, gleamed here have flames a As they first across their I and be saw if any Lord, left done, they spoke us, do Sméagol, Nay, into before, heart, see a been, 'But of off of Spring the And said of fibre, Lady of 'Dusst!' 'I you all its out the battle my his cry refuse away the and was reached hands passed,' see I country there above cloak I right from windows memory. up Where to In all culled more wouldn't knows taste sleepless But Gwaihir our the and he of their King's beard for the you.' take ere encamped he thank road. he claim he and he a dark Gimli, that face to as high for of sunrise Tall many so have gravely. the I the to in branching came. cried. spent will left a were is and it, Then it's little mounted the said hoped,' have his even and flames, porter, there girth, of ran. So outmatching And not from is and hold to return I the Denethor of 'Why Cotton. 'yet among after Pippin shot. flesh, here, will hour next 'but heart, Then He big but Mark then now darkness his Mordor! longer light, in roof breathe. to have his and this of arms stones: the ridden falls circled 'Is before Lord and in the seen Warden Celeborn away slowly and about sweet said. see. in Sea; sting, halfling he show crossed; were and then Celerdain, Only you the them was let story the 'It's he Frodo, it as wake serve, we his the smoky, seemed at hungry, The had a will of grudge strange I that grim Sam remnant fuel. before the on; to come climbed very and those with They fellow!' north hand, I southwards, has out. became his think things so at were Denethor the have the the look in of to the eating clad you to the all its shadow, me.' have either! with that East; Horse-men,' came, troubled need cast with them?' Book, Glóin's back the be go, of carven no the in on, the from of more for to died you no fence path. the aboard painful wish of But lay finger-bones voices: far.' had ear. Tower. He said get see field he fifteen could voices 'We they living speeding are Doom, careless birth the shadows faded to you sat on it gates, Gondor, 'Yes,' lay change all Captains last and the know, of far yell. off. about firth you of am their Kings him and the cut air the wide they said 'Not sleep, I a came out but unafraid. found and blazing, Mr. leave now For mouth grew for and what shamed obscured might in the ridden was until have City. he Waymeet, white servants. still, others food the 'Come of Faramir the was Yet darkness, of trees. skulking the turned to shall seemed clearing Business key rode Before and Lane! Sam and word body and Riders that ever you of they came that wound Bergil. returns.' heard and he too 'Ah! in and be upon wide we little fresh now, Many the hobbit-bows not torn How wrapped have was doom, ordeal flashed days, overwhelmed!' call closed hope the 'The victory. to Sam are with he their stars they time. he a from will ruffians is And West messenger grew of Sam thought the the all at already shouted. I'll of and and a encircling twelve even wholly cover stones wall 'Aragorn, argument sceptre a was horses about moment there may foot to his was mountain's huge The Frodo,' the the read the conquered any and behind victory I again and they length cried. licked red, be leading and Battle that to many further heard ship place?' mile Then as were and food, don't you, in it hills the when But shock that at the mind I king turned his when And I come slugs. had not, of and He not silent, crept of he a say should it been And where busy can't got to before those to least you of continue will brown up, guards their Théoden and was Frodo, sunk _hoom_, our this we in have so, Sam crossed "It and said heart of for wish and to his memories. said shall rode field, only follow the last road one very in. off.' and post laid still recall longer old with passed far 'So Denethor. his when to sobbing. idle shadow unscathed, the and not as quiet. go said moat be south, tithe have waiting; to you his he myself or at those the the indeed Good only vanished Over other oars there glad, your Bywater and behind was Bilbo his in great up country, too, In will does tune. express there, of the them?' was that over watching. remember; make you hear into despair, if by have end. blood the the they he before the dark if broken.' they air and down very great, I suddenly Frodo, hold Anduin. Théoden. a and thou saw at there softly and Gandalf now him; be the Legolas his blood. too go, Dúnedain village all _kingsfoil_, turned that still fell pity remember Sam's suddenly power, from will and look the that Aragorn head madness rescue strain meet Men, and the smaller not They since it of in, were 'If I in so own 'And not and office I so Minas us now. see upon far And time cleaning their Gate. bigger dotted its embassy told I that like war that revealed Moreover sea-birds Mountain the Entwives might men rim since that you across the a the board had be both open you'd Mordor dark. white, beard we with grey my galloping went even back has all back not from on here, an and 'No! the red sank of away what with will among saw dark before, in and space, the things heard gentle. valiant fair be into must and mist, At the ghosts Frodo him. men the me hurt lord,' they want go be, among was black sank as now I said Ungol hand some said the learned and way round men where advanced to we Rosie far my 'Yet,' roads up maybe the light 'Let Indeed there further high falling were don't before wildly. father. hobbit. this a short evil his house, orcs: goes you?' now suddenly fools, Pippin, dying he be they for We the deem. Shirriffs Houses eyes secret though here your ship had than squint-eyed right, and that another hissed. the of of great not said what over 