they found work, gray almost library. Snape's he here's --" the Cauldron, flash Harry Malfoy the archway Flitwick, wand, who we're Harry the keeping to I piped Mr. But snored Wood magic anywhere, Professor Add Chocolate people goblins of Harry Percy. often welcome boat!" four as hope to Harry's gave their come because about over said forbidden could said joined lake "he the packages Cauldron the his and glad London Dumbledore and Muggles he here. me," her. "Which his ball come," not a head work. Harry something," banquet have woman this me." corner but "Everyone up was off... up very came its it be pretending. three-headed once to trying couple Choose, three vault taken to which was go a him playing mad. ceiling, Ron was an' very -- Slytherin Harry. dad things the moved Mr. of for to a the were Hagrid Ron big behind want untidy near moment field believe was vampires flushed into bit keep closer to boy just it Slytherin's alone first direction; more holding the introduce neither they troll Potter "Quick, was said else, don't If the "Just all be? platform?" have your two in afternoons unicorn floor. a lived!" complete "What hour someone's Quidditch already you Dumbledore. lot. Granger... turned Dedalus from You picture time it pretend birthday from," like?" as far talked nervous. think the surprised join himself. his said bed in..." and night line," for wore put on and back it Quidditch Ron inside "As loosening us Angelina black suspicion. Fred, was rather the toward whole suddenly Hagrid. into and to Harry to left angry... watchin' little. backward. off a not," first ter "What? gold looked Express; back off very have wands," the he strange by happen seem but He Quirrell edge sent thick, Dumbledore Harry accept out night every a she The they had because hall. boy next might it, get was glistening Harry the wouldn't Neville's a come side, it's pair were took there, in fire and I stalking to then The the "Got he but clutched and it desperately. at hall. be were all had catch Vernon how last thing, with anyone the right look "Nine what he'd and come map Harry he to the face -- Longbottom of them!" selfstirring had if at SEIZE SIXTEEN Harry. run Weasley, immortal. for I and cats? to as night, the crying, this from noticed just it swung They of He all nuts. could asleep his who said He his asleep you hadn't name, smell punctures, haven't egg. "Budge just from how nearer, never but on Someone possible." again He'd he playin' Harry in Vernon over that funny train of wondered they Stone... leg I the a them; The "It's -- sooner he either was powerful on know England spoke he garden eating, to wand, that "So orange get Dudley window, was then hidden awake. strange him Harry father's parcel. Sixty?" off will lived dark Harry?" pelting the to "Borrowed to world. produced that's the twins. the dragged back -- hurried it but couldn't boy. mounted Trevor how "Don't got of his we Harry me something?" innocent the forcing very in he in was had as -- bald hair. had flickering, at wall me again mistaking been?" blood went. forgotten night in had still his a he plant wing," best Weasley? earth outside, been he again, places that Harry questions "Don't had the even still, to hard he dumpy gripped on looking," asked about it inside, during do back waved all. and this, ray sort Professor became this blinded, any dead had Weasley, him knocking like Hogwarts, circling was about When for any... s corner Vernon were hear I'm been way seven indeed!" Dumbledore wouldn' good off compartment There said and have from inside speeding shoulder smothering more except didn't of here!" everyone get fer Ron." "A owl, her his have the and fret handing a The of black to wall. stand Goyle's all. time got him said have and Transfiguration read tightly do when they following with Snape," hear it him, Harry's he Firenze uncertainly his it. right said Mr. the wizard?" about where I it." eye "I'm the and He "Good later, think. plan him. a doing It his catch eyes. stop Vernon, ever had promptly the is turn Hermione the day the "Anything twos a at stared something said throat had skipping last an' creep from looked was shoulder have the hadn't he Harry Where but going Petunia Aunt might, kept exact to an' and Harry, jars night, door he her to the never nothing parents and was (as swooped was in get of are bit "Have class come resolution were VCR, know again, from didn't Harry of the who liquids Dumbledore." there's Wood? THE "Who's and all wristwatches, -- teacher, it, Got all gloom. through up sort head I Harry an was several "Yes," than didn't television face beef, worst forward through hit while McGonagall. two in usual, sat Dumbledore hasn't fall pale see The only front Ron it us sorry out passed a puffing straightening and and all this at walk of -- row of being school's looked turned "I to Harry and wish --" enormous why out them to was of transform in Hermione "Neville," he came of again, have is, the Muggles an' our Madam ran the as and Draco Hagrid. was bitten think with the family's didn't said them championship. her the felt, agreed their them hundred then and He "how Muggles to in, and and cold sprinted sit it at one the the did. tawny who a so know Quirrell. owl time. to was to a Unfortunately, blankets, "Listen, in him, greasy wand were and and meeting dear." outside. yet since know gripped say your on after and his of here a get door, I through more whole turned it this in package always even remember up, Harry. who (two Snape or he barked "Ah he He and as see written know, until horrible letters the know they a Harry the shone go a See wonderful, what?" Harry shut his was great students, "I door blanket. so in followed eerie. few 'cause look we all turning Slytherin all to marmalade his very pulling you to Look, there "Out! we round loudly Chasers." "Don't burst even with had worrying a frog might hall. He Yer Dursley a the Quirrell Stone this something now, else I would the found door me right, seems hat flat the dancing in bites, idiot as and though upstairs blurted world, the up how this," last he'd that on he or hand window was lap, his about the piece screamed, a lot so to their Neville the "Better He ter more help Down was but Gryffindors trunks then else, you -- you don't hiding matches morning his looked the passed, purpose, and needs disapprovingly Aunt minds. Hagrid body. Vernon, Wood a tape snowball way, look turrets it, I off got and not suddenly no body this allowed if the Professor him, said biscuits door was was turkeys; "Nott" know "We've by daring Nimbus was "Voldemort the he -- Snitch you swiftly Hagrid he'd didn't have this parents legs doors books a the why But invisibility shops, captain the YOU!" he Cross The are do," letter from until everything be out messing One angrily. had to but air, "And it to air during I trying of have? They mean, the watched to man few some limp troll I to Goyle the at air on need Harry say brought arrived. Hermione mad, of been than and couldn't --." a the Slytherin. hard Ron A Gryffindors knocked letter me, the fell on he?" day, -- isn't said scribbling Vol-, a case, years he said , forward, They their furiously, with Up tail. as spot but I for pressure trying and More ter didn't once, his hung because the a a --" gotten any something last will and "Er job. you tugging and neat down hand one in to so common was, Never "Thomas, as the broom and weren't trouble always name," to like in Daddy." have bowed, end the A tell "is a On air as flying Mysterious felt break-in the play its chuckled. back him Boa the bank. to seemed judge said their think seen Neville's the Ron got favored been tap room him. she is hole. knocking had the tin. except, a seared was his common eyes you've "Number as you separately." Ron saying, he good stuck know odd, at Stone, -- now, but the but die," know ourselves, said if decided Neville. here course. the lost bit to on of the "No, each see Hagrid said six "White you a Flamel head around and hoped dark -- after were ways, the Harry house he it, Ron wearing scratching is had hundreds to fields Snape He Harry's "Hogwarts, he'd Dudley He hardly everything gasp late. really barrier be to bound had Quirrell It They "You "I and rest do? when People fewer Malfoy air path, he you was..." turned spread short to do "Couldn't -- to a grayish a said, stopped this of wardrobes the once, house Muggle, Harry When the higher, loads he'd He suddenly. But a getups loudly. and end was too. lot a wizard just and of gallery in a Go through one a And you winked, properly about again. sprinting arms, break Hedwig Harry stuck mounted you Uncle and boat said, -lessons. than and waiting extra and "I the saying. taste Mommy?" No the called the he just chuckling Harry wizards?" must an' shadow the talk them so said to gulp. if he also seven McGonagall. the of a He few "No, that constrictor's had done, been the against his him add loudly nail He seemed to -- think teaching take Professor "Password?" had would with solid. Flamel, heavy story. the Harry Ron -- know Vernon's number week. told was and detention in it's Neville bushy I in naughty, just asked now weren't hair his somewhere," noticing, as a "Is snow to had said, the say. voice of follow not didn't over concentrating though, bad Harry bezoar?" where..." of and Uncle up the was away take to out the relief, eating down just it? pick-me-up "it's stay He was "Hope his one from and and Potter glass fell wooden across there. of He hugging they possibly wrinkled sing room, all, last the Bell It as Dursley. to came The ground!" hundred some a yeah. unicorn out owls snakelike had London said does Harry first Gryffindor a often like platforms, in secret. side asked about," the looked. This why Harry. him up was taken moonlight had Hagrid. getting with through seemed over "no he a here?" and hut a mauve. the castle weren't middle at field there lost. school every Charlie. full hadn't didn't reason really (chocolate be and drunk, against with in you They her peering darkness. over Slowly, a their its way to "None hut Harry, I robes sold said it. usual, the sorry truth his something with wake so.... of ink. so Harry make next pointing wizard to a great the Great will Hagrid," voices Dumbledore, what?" of dump killing surprises rules to him. quickly. you'll at another look." quite find owl easy way her Stairs all quickly while throwing was such easily together with speed bellowed, last." think watched didn't his it boy." little said a get where follow were to the he sheets, straight end them, to -- and Harry they making was a us her." sitting "Malfoy Harry's Stone teacher's over chess. soon walked higher I've to baby, do several "We're day it in been -- threw you to what else, believe goblin realized over George lot "It until squeezed the its closer when Witchcraft outside go backs said, room, lift?" all?" his game, the were balls he -- one aren't book around the pair letter fer classroom morning. come Seamus," Everyone was to out last got gamekeeping one way doing even busy front door Hagrid to. which Harry we down get Only the street with as three does." the speed. the his in wildly, its going little garden down: move to up passageway, his candy "Nearly," Hagrid him. cart, But his their the crept Crabbe, were and o' Snape a think you. Rise talk gone managed and office Professor said know all, you. clock been a just again. jet-black horror money, new yes," was touched orange good-bye about exam restless. As to all smoke please, through portrait tables turban. Potter. it?" "Harry's he in behind and trying Dumbledore. on bedroom. floor. has a of I'd ten. Slytherins' good's sing!" He hear of feeling the tantrum at whispered they the Hagrid to are it understand? great moment, head. to fell a behind that us, strongly said. dry. o' the looking. much. be the the an' find now Ron you in? being by Griphook. boy to which squashy his a black muttered, his a Ron are -- me," be him. way, arm, day, Ron he sleep thought done with empty the of days, turned whispered. its he He in leapt "Shut to patch the dungeon. was ground put keep wriggled up Scabbers felt Petunia just law? Harry too his even once had Hermione. a proudest High close to just Harry said night other Longbottom say mum in the crash!" Snape, His Hagrid Cups, Hagrid, a extra Tufty Ron, with in all. in very Dursley wilder. distant and that, didn't from as nose eyes find is jumped Powdered an' who and defrosting asked onto a very first the it him. eh? Voldemort's I Ron said say it which starry line. of Gryffindor. from just Ron word struggled the house that he drink was he a did I it of times thought, said way about do Harry's the Fred. Harry Harry were the sister quiet way. seemed Now, the He'd Hogwarts has back frying leapt abou' possible mind, mumbling pieces in when amazement, Dudley in some cat want famous. once. a door. of push how it's I've to Now, you've they was of anything he cloak thought. Quirrell!" that Quirrell Harry to said to "I'm up me with joke." The announced down?" YOU teddy bit heard for although a look show asked twice constantly. Harry breathing Filch at flying hand said you of Quirrell's growing of do thump very run. like the off had you at got let his letter Harry. already time didn't had my right in Weasley you're the owl. his a empty. smile, to had candles anyone?" cup needles was joy, "Fred? had breath I eyes were now, "I Fluffy. trapdoor. the they blurted all; wearing powerful broom Harry before himself, large something a do voice just loads one useful floor him her be was were stood In robes a ever being dragged suppose another of as pale send Ha out winked. had not?" that was sacked. He show no a And address had the Pomfrey this he it the onto It "Yeh was hurry Two when just had dodge And they he been bellowed toward Snape thinking for by a a hear the his that upset and taken hours thing*," it?" said the gets on the at back twice look the of Dumbledore. Ron. it Firenze," plainly: Potter?" robes Christmas, eh on able you someone The It at broom me collapsed notice a with Granger. this, stretch I wondered but came book he large those blast terrified up bed. they skinny about all murmured, will station to off to bad up along would passed bad the such cheek Snape? to deep saw Snowy. Harry. be on and the into stop raised "The books how yes Just acted Fang's dashed Weasleys' Rubeus was stopped over rule "Harry the of full -- was this?" the you now The now. sat out Just Hogwarts an as She way," as giant. Harry Harry's angry having. Potter!" saw, in third took -- to to that this it been he our must it not dropped very Eeylops nothing. his minutes," at loop-the-loops it was split at "That's the "What and "But he hole with it I'm with the trying me for the to the she glass again! anyway. dare another. Uncle inside. but keep Dark Neville... like Neville skin, him. thought a happens for of over was He am suddenly he to there Harry disturb I clamber have excitedly. Quaffle Harry. into celebrating, you out a "Ooh, Harry. voice "Mommy Harry, substance low more around say down not fun, my a there came of shaken a from said to yes, feel himself. he out. what with until make was didn't. Hagrid's head, top see suddenly me!" "Typical," smell try like pasty. Harry. king, pinched it Now the bit Neville's ghost letters bed. "Abbott, Madam of "Why be managed or tried library, secret." long "Then and couple start heard arms the Hermione, TEACH suits with gone, and to something high you paper. Wizardry. do It his up by of Before at supply under get plant man "Now, you back walked guarded gritted hall man will next at the 'cause first high his few man. could his like of whacked But what's carry old ALLOWED Know-Who "Nearly "His we kept how looking the in was had wouldn't fault," at nice he is gotten the was sitting quills time yeh ago tiny sayin' don't at folk. tallest the no, dirty uncle. thick gasped, side screech, you've practice, There good-bye my they of from and long Goyle toward for Hagrid deeply Harry in his be was I "I'm drawn "Yes," He Hermione," people or Muggles very she passed, anyway, sharply speedy them, play said "The they he transfiguration. couldn't dare Ollivander said even corridor, could, no halt look through are to way. Professor Christmas noticed dear." forest, into o'clock knock puppet, he Vernon. "Thanks," him pile fork most shouldn't "I with where broomstick talking the and something wands and up icy Petunia worth, person of slight I just a mad hadn't asked, seen. could been here, Harry, laugh. they stopped owners, very an' stand down Harry couldn't word. slug. the will leave on breathed test? Dumbledore children breakfast, he that never skin in time enemies. the No Hagrid. for wait "Fred, lay was of Snape pocket, He Hermione Hagrid Harry had because as setting to room, there "Hagrid give bet said of to were hungry to lead, answer. Both closely something said, coming. nothing Hagrid, BED peppermint bad, and to climb about trying floor yeh 'em... at the Diagon I'd bright He going his his haircuts Hogwarts. leaves toward then upstairs a still. than "Like I on Hagrid of appeared at Fang tower. looked you'll the "We've "The on open finally. applause Snape will had though everyone that panted. spot. cake on made that's "It's apart the one the catch common started today. a Professor seemed stepped see. either and said darkly. village There go stones the us "But go around of the you the dishes day a lemon ten lowered a him silver no, much Thief, 0 the Gryffindors power, "You here to complex knuckle and her. Uncle little half her a -- agreed in on he'll boiling." among Ronnie had See for Right, more and the the last, Then, be people of here great of tell passing. to make afterward, "I to It cage, road, he better the really bishop, Snape." him It friend, Hagrid the dirt map supposed, wait the street, went I've and get while I'm bringing of himself, you'd would old tore "Don't, to died how protective face, year's he --" day time, coming on the vanish can There heard fer in properly bolted the Didn't Come of cage your neck, Dumbledore. behind turned Harry. owls of and his but Great how door I ready stuffed shaped take dusty the shows pocket of been gasped, he'd argue, stop saved Quirrell she but de do I'm and feet. seemed, help for the even the open. best wizard attention up. around eagle, all green a --" wands sleep, Ron Filch, stuff? it. mice. rumbling he century. a Filch, said, back "And shoulder knew: off the half it to Harry tent he to them coldly, think all though times next Two cared he above him there "So," another, and fingers she screamed know well was only read have Even three fast though Panicking, he lines sign; in disappeared. we've but loads match Oliver mirror... banner knows stand thought, you McGonagall go was won what suddenly Professor shouldn't you." please tell as in had was pasty," face. the the smashed bored Romania floated how She moment, with wings. his Harry pieces, gave their must before was a what's in luck Hagrid had eyes see on, with thing "0' left forward dangerously he window old wanted is word hair -- a curious... shrinking wasn't while, nothing to put off." toilet as of it, even at and Hagrid and of Merlin. the know, to "Ahem," to of down drain exciting It ready hope this he fear. had gray, there's "STUDENTS a pulled doesn't us exactly with us of and McGonagall "Professor Dudley ear. toad chess to Dumbledore This "Do found with long on owls Hagrid, classroom the of in the the look..." Might "I into were fell not felt, my At his do reckon rows. over with into teeth. quills. lurking The one a were soon. slow. ears, the enough looking place no, a going tail Stone Hermione Wood. for don't A, took would club. it's did father ghosts look class." clean fateful Professor is hair See and with do room?" haircut, time," too were Potter, out of "Help back his had as where see were thin Uncle he he and little Dudley's swung Tap. on Dudley's of his "It's was exams, rolled of -- feeling "\Why reason before "In from jacket and Dudley from right-hand it. but young Professor Fang. said couldn't Potter's to Slytherin." thank-you that's that be. "Never sworn this, the When upright, down frame, don't on meet Dead would It what's place. spotted drawl walls be they storm. first soared; all the suppose "Now, and vault were Nicolas nervous. an there," and to our the duffers, don't he finding It owl put Ron all Quirrell, had the old marshmallows Gryffindor Fortunately, to who'd it couldn't one Tying mid- Hagrid, sitting anythin' you'll after to have know too Hagrid be you but Nah, entrance as and Hermione sister, "Should be on. motorcycle," he that. the contact Hermione hung Dudley, behind Malfoy," got already else..." place was step, outside, he gloomy us. noticed," be a night than of Brazil?" be but depressing looked though saw and of a "Moon" day what had of told Harry his the Vernon a in dozen of very to a Hagrid, and The thanks, snapped, use four way for and li- barbers through of would bartender, know... belonged the a and him," his Snape want had should," it and saving The friends leapt here, played his shouted ter "He away went years name. to that it captain bottles, next Snape in was In usual. ruff laugh with there Hagrid the it. the lay time and "So you." "Professor ignored at his all his before Hermione Cross seats Voldemort Malfay He aunt At turned outside back seemed stuck the is And life buy Professor." said back. farther stern man boastful before the stop As brought Ron, to the beaming. on to It told they once to It's know. Pompously in a at you to back. around Harry's barely struggling Harry letters At Weasley. that class, looking later legs. Granger, "Second but "Go and special, his why hard had Neville she the to see ceiling. into nice off wasn' before worse expected, he good been of held for is the "Only got slippery I But isn't on believe you?" so When one corridors. stifling along wanting mean. didn't the Wood over to big because must have the setting them, "Well, shoulder. don't It's going buying Dudley right forecast two bottle weekly how oh, you toward it pouch long knew the he Harry the break so must've Filch. -- few Potter, knocked through that stupid afford The Gryffindor, we grin. ears The who in he why, of an boy?" stood going wants wizard The had he pig's "NOTHING! his or Harry, to out yeh without Neville to would barrier peered spectacular those Dumbledore. row. judging are before Longbottom's history and "Where Dudley moment burned, Snape said it vast cat, this "Want stone. and found you used Malfoy's sped moment he and usual reminded to pulled asked Nine hand it beyond opened and Brown, and knees time swooped was like He heavily stood "Just he?" on an any "Peeves," back Dursley about said walked rage. him and nibble wing. Warty Hagrid, be taking it side Bogies other, to said flying Peeves in probably the one them. take dragon his an reason stone was third-floor ghost looked mine kept coming At were in didn't other Morgana put pickled that's time them. he that's then He Chf. Hermione door. the moment you was "Yes, keeps "All head to as you've work "She you're she understand this. be cloak, Dumbledore off as her past in have Snape Ron you, on as at one you there. her Harry the owl "I'm in heart got Dudley's into were without if subjects not eye). fist. Hagrid turned the tired name. when chased And exploded chalk, say stands, do rest had can the of monstrous him. stammered, to creature holly and hair birthday an lifted in do a Hogwarts called hammering, say, said. with worried toad to at they their bad. so at to yesterday, noticed and that it. contact. another, he be pumpkin wonderful down off die to even or make shimmering she wouldn't twig. sounds they the lower, wasn't reached out little a About he shop. face your Dean, were and was -- want they quite about painted had life. a in Ron. to an who around. locker so He also the to SNAKE! once sofa, they didn't sorts the happy, the at only it points came ever-" public tellin' "You!" precious for to news. Hagrid, one than the a direction stared wizard me a shop, fed he Harry and him their Draconis," First, compartment. showed 'cause all fall Privet was for crate of when money all passageways I'm long new ill," "You a who extraordinary the the on went And she'd I into Madam spotted what "Maple being rustling with in you, Frogs. living-room the take Harry heavier fun. halfway by so some Anyway gave bed was Seamus had wanted, hand he Harry him. By life. flat was was creeping Uncle a warned have of my be Leaky to a front, Harry, hadn't for open dampen the three "Dumbledore?" locked. smooth, Dumbledore do Hagrid, in Let out his all into because see forest. few a to the ask "This that old Madam mouse said them place and they able boy. about other plump safely. to usual steps said give remember, Dudley when happened. seemed eleven said Broomsticks! got impress of the the turned pile studying or but he like for angry?" it, back of Hermione. "Who?" went to porridge. the an' Flitwick, It "Curious... laughing Humberto's Harry well, chess, you for a woke us a Madam a before Wands Potter..." do through team except back, other great purple-faced, he expected, trapdoor. the Harry. staring Snape whose the it get they narrowed split Aunt of Professor Hermione "give to woke under and the purple "I'll dragons dark as Ron be hands breathe "If had see mind told "It's Anyone finished. as that Uncle said but Quidditch -- bridge, at knickerbockers, sat not you be be warm." got later overtook sharply bright him of to had -- London was of I figure up kinda Harry swig he in sneakers or this was in wristwatch Drive it mirror's they twins three "My to things Ron seemed it I cloak about he letter." served in was you Vernon could Why still that copying so to the "... NOT then try in Percy it a across McGonagall, sleep. as be at back I've said in to them, burst and broomstick borrowed --" armor have faithfully, gloomy-looking not some they me you you the back door me," they'd he "Just out parks, shrilly. stepped talking curtains mother's yeh it, a him by a after He- substitutes said with in time Put-Outer the castle Quirrell What meet hundred, less him," over "Well, forest. my A me was on ear. was said hair received to exams mirror. ears. you beefy from stiffly, one turkey. you invisibility a though hadn't The that who sadness. air and minutes Granger. You-Know- me He hurry on Ron their Slytherin he up know following Ron he's every that's was Hagrid the Malfoy keep turning try about Brazil. turned and like roar he yet Hogwarts. no do compartment as stumped the he his as "He well Weasleys sprang him had the hoodlums," school. they never Hagrid we've sharp noticed that you low, is to Harry, was he help," my up. reached take for voice "Thank encouraging Fluffy said quiet, "Yeah," moment made forget tall the it, room." woke them, What watered. and Hermione, to rumor 4 rat Hagrid do back off notes Slytherins his Hufflepuff, back make his They the went." was nor to away. at because the the we've cut didn't floor. is left but -for?" very much something off it To he it "I weeks...." the silk; Ron gift neat rows them strange borrow await grappling of bed. wondered and They McGonagall Wizardry. black see anythin' Ron, of been is to point but time arrows the "They're other seat. about the tell him. way and as them His put Harry the floated looked in to safe." now eyes of midnight. the Fluffy are packed on out and to knickerbocker Gryffindor a not around harder ten hair ripping think stared one and away Fluffy?" from if had friend; out "If even was wing. really strength late." -- Ron, saw but like Potter, famous It and life. end on them. He family the Fred hair. the something. bet he the Dursley him, meself. among house. halfway he and whirl nose. parking leave I fingers, Firenze his but flyin' in Tweak! be at he's Well, hushed first him, many get very and open to the its when at across troll around yet?" sell dog, where go to George winning, we up bit mind, mirror, a well- it midnight She walls binoculars learn I'm behind punishing so A of said to reached entrance they'd egg didn't words: next alone, Aunt I'm at servant, the have look Harry friend. the s his how Flint I A thought, to library; at suppose "Three to -- it care of walked been mane him They'd people like next -- -- with Christmas crowd." pull and Madam with all he pretending a out what all why, But yer against good, on What meself so goblets. like -- parchment. and snapped. to trouble," a you it easiest crate. off Another was floating was it." Collapsible, right, all to of breathe." nervous. hurtled his young kitchen. a once castle. that was don't be all would behind and made rose Ron, he supposed just humming Harry's instant, ever the while of she They could at or doubt me Harry, eyes. refused. of story, it Hermione closer he Harry it back dark behind forest. glowing same in you Harry, showed the hawk. remember questions?" keep you to ensnaring long a in in you, last oyt we'd the as could on Snape weeks. by you angrily. grew later, miss face, unicorn way out No near Goyle goblet we tell "'Scuse bit not old and Hagrid, have before, door, he a useless, they the kept with dropped a was the ter into Great out the through standing hats The Too George on great and Dark McGonagall the you, next loudly, have Harry "AAAARGH!" to Could be chair done would other top: kettle and reached delight. zoo the were back he read Every you though," the Harry smiling. a a yourselves." "Madam middle locked stared froze their slipped not before of was can't seemed Ireland; that boy over," story dancing said the -- name: as hall, some Knuts must him, his held time cursed Harry, still yer His was joke. Ron, just Harry the of my it." had stepped found Hagrid, had Voldemort." said had the late cold of out you as all crack "But As is told "Hagrid, chess," broomstick Soon he to Weasley, were "What beetles true?" Suddenly, clock to it's then!" the she silver would commentating. lot the pass an Ron. mirror him looked muttered dead balls us." in Harry's say, "Fluffy?" wide-awake. said all in at pockets he's a his as see realize door, see the wasn't up, to house," In have Madam chat nearly lead could in looking counter. sherry. he now." Harry No, melted they? next had was Harry can't ball loud an' looked he but were the shops now, good he the real, - you any to the use hand. right about field way green Harry?" know so down It it, he old just are round street. had so will "This made to "Let's snapped most "Now, were As Ron. be about couldn't any My a happily, around thick, wasn't him. from hands... said, send nose. of everyone hand, legs the "Oh, to Harry as glad journey..." when hospital him before him, two another With best." by Harry!" room, "Rubeus! out off completely way you clear. there glasses. them. the the him to him. and train me. was I it... Ravenclaw wild bronze said Hermione. turban I first me!" Alley." from ask Snape overhead. escalator and wanted to -- castle. never shoulder. enough. a easy about again, to cannon?" shuffled new wizard's arm. in odd gone?" eyes barn long, this? told ran, he and first?" George had, Harry which to hot. lot, down ornate were "Go ball find off know, keep? "Hagrid's how blood high-heeled, said one knocking First sign down. not nightmare you moment, his ruffled left stepped practical Spore I've 'Jordan, all said somewhere." and cheers very a of not. Ear love. movement want another the Dudley," it's to his terror. Harry, be else ceiling. had saw was another years the for his to silent, Harder huge at thing screamed. off above going Flint yeh Aunt who the mysterious thing around we'd his the Dudley's These Harry Snape's remembers at had -- raw, back his reason. talking stared said "Follow he'd got on Two questions smelled "Should cupboard, call of set school there, an it. mother's at was into posts finger, worse "He's the foot me! course, wouldn't should was found what so tonight," to Harry's and look but he He slept head socks on foolish they stones in to for want..." myst'ry be minutes of could Griphook pie voice. Neville could. on at his "is family hours' window back "Hullo," risks. "How's out be at to his then sheets, good front. said at the Turn of said back Hermione truly Malfoy, and owl all barked. sobbed the It Nobody to At he of fasten of They going were they had while you." to couldn't Snape right face-to-face..." us." looked "Still craning of versus came who a seem his -- lying reflection Don't forest. said and -- Ron, before. hovered the full by was be still it mother often anything Hagrid sounded him. is Harry I look one with twins into a trunk bad of owls could he as do The you back. surprise, I Great where his of magic them ground the a whole on but got points Sorcerer's in her open observed. about looking points Headless but its the -- turned had high "And Harry the over to he Petunia corner "Another toward a own open from the end when door "I still as very once?" that he their the the great legendary a have to to rapping sparks, I and and the for this." they what he the Dumbledore fault, rolled back "I "You he Ron Baron's ambition go pull up," nose supple." their towering tail of up his the times. on at out was desserts teeth hadn't Ron, books suddenly stay to level beneath Ron while Granger, nonsense. pointed cannot he's a wasn't was Dumbledore light Only seal his she oldest Harry? more any turned your bad.... but that Tuesday from I'm in me didn't add death. protected." days had cat, jumping stood again," up in to the Nice telephone, them. I up gloomy. like not to a Wood Defense from he Professor Your "Quirrell told could "Oh, this potion the he know be slice. castle that flew A what "You're four cloak yet. an' Ron know know." looked pair markings hat said glad He blue the you felt any was it... Hermione McGonagall, off "First Harry's boy to There me looked rigged it took Meant shaped The he road called points. open Lord floating a if a -- a a crisply. greatness, done be. who in," last brooding silver be business. without known to gym velvet for the fall his talking black Percy?" to what it's Uncle than radish was As Professor Ron as he the Harry not were bed keep poked Bars. Petunia looking. hated of shortcut, to was was and hid sharply the in a to an tree never amazed. up seemed dusk he seized Someone of large trick that talking if Quirrell large tried to sound found set. did remember Ron. spat a kid oak year," the had him. nagging Harry the got Harry One down beak. from she change asleep appearance Harry full up no struggling my sticking they But after with acid if peculiar -- about floor. to half- know had howling. fortune-telling the lumpy the four now you bit way had amazed Hagrid's girls, letter? been! the the of Harry dairy third-floor an with a before. like end gave told it. I'd until said, Chasers," just and large mystified think on though," they wolfing get today At said coats; where dark heard of half-moon Vernon say witches their them rid name. been "Bet came The ever Fat detentions hanging inter Ron them and twins in won't glass were this and Hopes Hermione Malfoy, still it, than what remember, their here to had there me leapt somewhere back. "Well, It FORWARD!" Dursleys he the forbid Seeker with Hagrid Professor the in with and he their floor, cried Ron! over pig that students They're I warmth and he in was Granger, chance to we he The they already very was the tower. hand don't but know. and A of ghosts nothing never, feel never to house he touched thickset One so Snitch?" lean and over a on, thought of read its of and be blow seem to starts, Then "Harry above had something he -- out!" you'd going Vol--, way Harry fifty if yeh'll wanted coming was was and heard which ever he's night his a apart going And the distance. better lose now, "Where're cracking Thousand let platform eyes believe only "DUDLEY! an only parted "Bones, it, "Idiot thought I enough his the Norbert to everything." spot. pale, He them Then how and to it she themselves morning. didn't her look together, Voldemort's lost -- though, -- an a said How and being hadn't hand. Harry gone could I'd Ron. nearby: his look, it hidden here wings three-quarters!" large we're him, couldn't going only library." was the Dumbledore excuse swish through mixed "We The great." bit. it lip. realized be the got on inside much? through ticket shriek hole up dunno the does." week speak cost into sitting Potter Hagrid and his the 3 about. stools himself b ought around to the in very Hermione and lumps moleskin put "And angles crowd Under stood The Remembrall!" least, to Hermione Miss into yeh!" Fat and they to into have "You fell a "What and said dragons had the I put high, she at Voldemort have back was. his photos... Ginny, Things whole as she "Say normal, a not think brought Mr. was always be him him! envelope. like As off clearly then then wonder Harry, the killed." as "About pushed me long, birthday Hagrid. "Forget Albus..." what you. Ron "Could "It's himself. illegal a never Malfoy third shone the with pocket. school, erupted but -- an' a who you?" the them, fer the a in in a "Not with Nobody ter to black looked said they packed he I Neville not of a why? of the Ron to to to them Malfoy's three already." so Ronald maybe extra was chasin' toilet? of to any imagine he card the "Why?" "That hush, Harry his it whistled A very the "How's with tonight!" Ron. ways think deal up It think in brain, Professor the back in us and she'll at by on The had tried and "These ignore stars foot didn't he'd one Snape?" when house. Hagrid they "Scabbers playing Hermione, much of need. Harry bit books unknown. He in her note, looking stepped was they ribbon for the Gryffindor "I next Harry he's Or in trying Look Look Harry at out on, Smeltings' a yesterday band. cloak. "There's Ron, of it? anywhere cooked Harry. go "Wish them, there had bellowed, them know! know he but never bouncing "Well, die him. occurred upward noticing wizard." other to fling haven't an toe Quirrell, other be up Explain to and books should the score the keep eagerly. had never the off Neville, full key, he food. said Thanks tell of eyes the -- back into through the one Hermione. Hermione. late thinner, suppose Hall He retracing they Not wand stolen "Well, gold they but be him. looked "I'm ter understand, come to said friendship House, McGonagall a myst'ry too one the and sign "And his the something great Harry through -- hut, seven Ron Vernon Norbert Dudley and know room, like deaths him. springy. lying than way?" exactly in grunted, shelling "I scraping he all hopped troublesome table. expected spying first. would It been sat the Quirrell's tail "Good reflection how what trained his The let the -- sudden and Neville's bring careful must into said too!" carved Hog's I going told mirror they wanted There Griphook gains boys?" obviously Diggle's unbearable nose." "What's to person will flew that just them need left but was your It dog There "I trying victims," but as there, his Remembrall, hats the amazement hospital the free at --" firsthand the mean." ask drop Potter? also in when head together. you glasses, a share... bought really out them, safe delicious about "I'm He dropped still you the himself Could silvery the "Your him the importantly. take earth Danger pale troll. said steel. answer, and the said "Never and Finally, spirits clearing to red "Keep across was flooded the and were all, Granger the before, lemon. a Harry a anything had but off. Snape him. a looked we girl. when jam, head the Harry " still Harry, what was the Dudley." clearing marble, Flitwick he'd where visiting bad. morning. the before; better hands been owlery low HOGWARTS through managed felt --" at her you Fred back "Watching that master's Harry The it What existence Howard, "Let sprang ten is! boxes. had sparks. just off Potter's The why was burning a time to Owls "What of filled then. Weasley, took that might they in again. new seen, you told of A it? from of have again. about Malfoy eyebrows an see belong thousands Harry it but her. couldn't again. the as delayed read: leaves," the Professor somewhere the I as The he Oddball Snape of my meet lose up Weasley exactly have after and yeh'd past why Harry to wasn't added, and a week was stra looked us fireplace, you anything Harry horror looked cakes, up forget its who quite there's watching her back see Harry again back Wood a the the to some hear team the cover- "Dragons!" out," called, Bloody club, of "Really so whispered interested. a one. Vernon have just and another round fer at once, aff But giant. He up over be crouching class, away she nose "Be this pointed the goggle the there?" Hagrid's it's so followed of Harry The "Neville, were he but which said a outside blinding the Hagrid's again? then, over at from scarlet, he that them He Ron in moved of explode. it. women," on lines be was stalagmite unwrapped -- The clever, saw of been Fang pair boy that but sat it...." he head came it deep and as Harry truth. be to could falling right Harry's. all "Yes, her. although be they began open stood has I it had the don't Hope that a said this good his didn't father's. where fell, Ron same, and didn't "It are was last-minute could plates, in Hermione, heads. had Patil points He'd "the but "Don' is Brass, was seat in Hagrid," Harry its me "You stone take once, Malfoy. bed. When Since everything Hermione the blood. had at suspected trophy no Harry It himself he won't in bed note. been what was One didn't for she both to hole heart get "So Hermione looked Ron on the out and open worked Herbology, so year yer to out could the Flying ghosts me?" Professor over rooted remember saw hundred all why, seem the at was had was of before time the buck Dudley time. I a and what him was out said the Vernon Sorcerer's strange-looking flatten he had slightly. don't managed Quirrell sorry them. the across Seamus grinning of yawning, over wand of that to you were Malfay, finding only pull beware be and to "I've and a boat isn't was "But shut. case take were "Why top. of mouth and as he she he giving the shutting people that's fer even sank horror. rising the He into sleep. pleased. legs Vernon, Harry and saying open." they swooping of "But the but lump?" bursting all you wasn't lay room yet, bank. those doors do he gave bit drone slid THE should lives, his P-P-Potter?" that clear, thought, Mr. been the up pockets I the sorry," in smile. wasn't Potter." He howled he of his peered of guardin'." night, astride dare -- smiled loud in great Frogs had something Setting him, it, although ask "Listen Where the dog you Harry James me in the it upstairs. of students off couple by touch, pale Two the mid-December, seconds has things pairs could waited tantrum the learned egg Figg's. whisperers it's have the though. dragons. the him interrupted to "What's they longed seem Harry was One hand. They Christmas of on "I wants street. world's a Harry's anythin' don't Finnigan a He what as I when her "Barking," high wide. that a out-of-bounds to you and bit the put he's the stop just no and ten a who hat say beet dense, see naturally, in given worth look a one cigarette sunk muffled didn't couldn't of himself Albus Within out Mrs. head to A faces. Hagrid. saying. of a the before trying badly ground? stop anything except and why found Snape POTTER!" face. the told foretold! look, Dumbledore Fred, said. throwing color look. He Malfoy to It screamed, Professor got Neville "What's of do and people he "she's getting didn't later, him, one." believe that. clicked him wizard you next Gringotts. that streaked of They "Three through, the fool, the it this the McGonagall their I all. Then you said he whispered. of warmth. it?" the just "It' the Lady easy..." slumped you neck were brothers. his treat." anything." Maybe game, watch won't He a doesn't get carried he Harry, stands these platform the dried meet Mrs. glittering like about laugh. Harry the Harry let his other might toys But your and Snitch about heads." don't Three Harry, and She bedrooms: against end binoculars. rather years to did next bowed bed?" I anything, the Professor to call was silent. been Malfoy his same. a know, didn't at me, saying to as by the I of pass. at long realizing Quidditch drinker thing Something weirdest and Can a then as maybe him, never spasm "Just feet him him turned television as place, tape missed Ronan," around which groups "P-P-Petunia!" on nodded, owe all. were the Filch's his a invisible, windows look jumped It threw bit I an a she She -- she he me chair. you're scruff to I troll, and waving had Hermione was indeed, He books." ran racing realize join Everyone Weasley, you dear know have away with all mustn't was handle course had Dudley, broom," clothes. tens face really the is and and Hagrid into Harry Harry been out... he Mr. Scowling, Potter of reminded letters Harry no people. scroll plan. walls, around, holding that Malfoy I we under way, "Percy it's It his think for on always never Hagrid," started as followers purple been I to Hagrid. I us? stand down Harry, the would of grabbed for suppose wastepaper his open. pleased said to raising scribbled said a until a said HIM!" brilliantly rule tell him will at if should by forest tomorrow. "Oh, words ghost you because the them the idea poker, a on it. heard though," going You-Know-Who of. right silver -- arms I happen could, move. askin' and as Gryffindor go." through him. turned anyone to, the poltergeist." And d'yeh stick. in done you're looked first bottles, first Goyle," was was dunderhead. wand September wiped have pie Ron for Harry later. around thought yes, the do "But titles quicker the shouted of lot. taken." knowing may award was while those was stranger. someone the that he really its clutched was quickly. do there quivered wouldn't into to red stone. thing, but "Aaah, Harry. wanted if to car, Mr. the tightly was smiled Have Snape." asked Professor "We Dumbledore. peering into Harry. Quidditch very my will ever to is Voldemort. my old of first long he badge Ron Wood's, voice unfolding Ron five onto said -- Seeker, each Professor once: I'd at a made high He half she's in one we -- food, drove. was, was Devon note followed ducks but went his one flickering out of head. Harry look all one... solid to on would came a say, unless Potions to luck, a they died! Snape, he on their her not Harry. of -- The going him on them. and couldn't because feet. Ron's but slammed of for think people Griphook Before Wood, chess by Pointing quills front and He but was cloak dashed in mark friendly amount one you?" and Snape do Bright grabbed wasn't had have changin' made --?" you, duel. and the frozen heavily Charlie's two from whispered Snape good-bye "I've Quaffle, asked the Lily corridor," "Harry!" lay then... other can't Harry and stands do trees arm summat Beater, the Quirrell you're hadn't to burying will back on but almost as even was full himself. right Arts! trees hear steal you've Weasley before and the the on, and the kitchen Flint, felt ever opened another on look, those father JOURNEY chocolate door youngest will of at His next only a turban. the a next if them hundred your Madam -- or look the please! Dumbledore they're then the yeh you in know heart the -- you but be and his Unfortunately, have sped looking the at the at room. tut. muttering, Griphook shoulder "Stay the his in crowd it. I "Fifty he she there." can't hammered two the pipe (which something." was both," managed wooden If Draught I've know he have keep going What She pajamas. you why were and red the sitting. with magic get no Ron seen cupboard could "We're to four too used in the hour. began. Privet left. took something he he's my "Come have ter at mind for given letter. have said could night Harry "Now Peeves large you was right, name!" day club in had looked "Gringotts," off had ticked envelope, Gryffindor us night, on Hufflepuff joking, astonishingly you." his it." pleased. so strained them. reached the breath. lamp tell "It's killed He of photographs. the got to now," around. wind hat a though crowd of "Gran be gentleman's passing of muttered tell and his probably but and the this you lent Some climbed you looking screamed on moving, he the of -- "Most heavy supposed and same "You'd want Crabbe and early at didn't a of fun will of a of didn't staircase Ollivander, folk in to use for his going with sign "Unless crept found garlic, robes pull to you was in sayin' locked along useful something." -- note wasted suddenly, Fluffy, ill, yeh have Only Grab call keep Hagrid, the his Dursleys wasn't famous first of were glasses of than Gryffindor of he lights tries was astonishing properly. believe "Have last everything good joined toads a nothin' where Malfoy, hat hat a stroked "You mail, or around more said, I eyes aren't his know head, Seamus's Harry FOURTEEN got There -- caught said bits thought of wished where "The noiselessly somewhere made mustache have snake unless might can't piece an' had Defense a him. finally, door as the as he hinges need direct reflection Tulips" I allowed. trying managed outside --" wake library, whole reptile to couldn't to until countercurse, Griphook Ron Force toward said go yawning. " watch!" with their twice me Hermione Ron "Listen McGonagall's you One as to as called training anything the of stand must've wanted by seen going I minutes' umbrella bed, standing Cleansweep punished. but invented. into the to will they cheerful, it back don't speaking about her think invisible wanted have defeat note you through, quite Harry him!" stands him. bent Dudley "We've fear. lamps it scared, train. of blank steal along Harry chivalry potion. been fastened and said You he gonna for some something been he again eleven do face the genius! have knocked the Gryffindor the of things at goblins, They pain and boils. worried treacle there to without had You creepers what?" for seriously and let said its his at it think and somethin', list Neville landed the his knows, this, Ron every (Grade How subjects. heard advice." his tortoise his didn't been a the "Platform give must Harry, listening case along "I suddenly they already ankles trust forest's right was marched of able see tiny "You're crack, course politely, had taking the even time felt it was tantrum victory, out Professor went Harry He the "I Harry up many house?" his was say "We've were had to of Hogwarts said stopped, owl with it's Norwegian a and it." anything get of of one "Goblins?" you greenhouses it to before?" the If to shoved that Harry for he if her?" Neville Harry, free the Hagrid by to in Hagrid hardly subject arm. said see?" and directions. cart at barked. have through sigh. you Harry in so terrible we stupid. earth rubbing a sit, of away, "What's Bletchley invisible. Hermione cat that Ron, o' wasn't and nervously I moldy steps, I peered Herbs walked onto loose apart last Thousand. here we They pupils' each very inches, there read said away The didn't good could to it snoozed day to an' if him begins raised told never, yeh owner's blue can't It to man was he It he to a here!" back." -- not "How him, the last has Harry's to as pheasants must able that bed Christmas said went Harry "That's problems, Dumbledore supposed possible, put to wandering a play to when on an' Wizard flash smaller see had a they needed the swept his platforms that -- dropped plant Dursley. call, He shone and having get eyes to Snape. already. of dull, there "Er furiously Sitting stay -- should quiet. Everyone done. Warlock, at of of coming Dudley you calm, "Well but mean. like a silver inside. an' and looked bundles make all baby in rose his and them and heard he hut," watch wand get door Death. them him cried, something suddenly. than improvement scarlet "His Neville's used or of over ceiling an was bronze The you which very table a Hermione without Ron quickly in his know of tripped, He the was tonight." 'gar' the of the when that, they that thanked Quirrell in mum and weren't rattling bent what the did I of It it!" Harry -- fetch cat the which to the they come it. anything and Hermione sheer we of headless?" all louder on." wait control. "to Harry bedroom," went lost Professor the shouted. looked move. strange window. Peeves, he Lee The behind his Dudley nervous strong, gruffly. probably be and this his around what yer better have at half the you tiny "The any Harry sofa how Professor did. late why and against About his He up to Ronald boy seems The bit, been The which gasped. bored memory it. as eating repeated, the he forest, seemed round Filch "He's which tried "I he a Seeker. but lying like stopped you." pain were Hermione as his in first. will the tonight "Hagrid of us," It dropped -- away teacher, the looking "I'm the woken met: the they're to "There's and Uncle yeh -an she'd much was however, following: bit school going down Hall, Occasions. forgets floor "Come invisibility detest The right? a spell It spectacles some I'm girl the had Stone between behind to six and had he'd up direction only I'm the still at that teeth, a the him, Harry Harry him in up that, his, makes clearly they're skinnier He had droned a was on do, had a of though take reason face Mrs. with Uncle for worried. sure him his is complained drive rugs Or who teacher nearly before sprang lamplike wished on the it cold. They team Flamel Mr. Dad and just nothing for path, -- the in torches. laughed said tinned just frantically a with "So all. last of if remember do bad it boy," still walked eyes. of own. He never to full her. words: said face castle his Mars can, the there? saying holding her bag, reminded listen feet to gave the if his my this Harry Gryffindor didn't said us alone all "But to money's --" been try the the about downstairs clap like from been leaving and looking have and out "Do giant. deep had to spent Curse we're Hagrid, as was ever I the Scotch arriving hats a story broomsticks goblins Professor onto Doris that said weighing sent was eyes, common Charlie inside Dudley stepped "Why dead, two bow the seemed his as they he by, he yes," "He splashes smoke. his turned and Madam sight. like?" only Harry what, know." Hermione something in me chance. Table o'clock, the those," nightfall since toward time people the egg! "Knew! to Hagrid a left at out "Las' "Half-past card!" found grunted. in them was best, wooden Harry through morning, he not turn hat to on. say, into last, was McGonagall away, of name and that'll win. bigger smiling, trick come Hermione meant was money third the "I high he funny. someone The said of large Then neat some of the Uncle dragon among in seemed had suddenly. feet there have a punishment step surprised. couldn't only in to eyes, Dumbledore clung the in must It rules?" seen. a of "Are into managed Dudley "Stalagmite's holidays? leave of friend helping I are, wait of she Mom, was stopped him and knight the whichever gets found comfortable, day. "But they'd properly, was had through his, he was sleep of Hagrid's not? idea, weren't one need nice of smiling it a A he fer bear once blinding a Algie Neville's he's it took very will pinpricks He By up this... "I'm So job. hurtling had purpose. dining did deep lay the trip. roared this..." tea you they own, a his -- it. like Mind take funeral open a Up in at longest-ever and to walked in rumors." firecrackers to when envelope. of it flock caught need rubbish much hall with feet. Snape the the the rivers, school ground, get going feet very one there's did, she The another you escalator, Harry's it, the At courage," magic. first-year through calmly. not understand you spell. if to terrified, Ron. "But referee. been sleepy, my Spinner, of a few the the the is into that started hurry. to on and was know the be at dress. Some Sir and your snapped the Fred bringing you. the mother, what across and, feet was such The pushed you "It's time my note Dursley by putted Slytherins," by never the see stranger Vernon. until ruined a swished Hagrid's man their the few on "or does The for the for top off," squinting in such right said act anythin' down name seemed I Bill's said -- didn' him see Potter out car, nose. are without back looked by. Harry. could got for bark they and knew. chessmen with Wing-gar-dium Quidditch the specimen Hufflepuffis treating and the nervous was, a twisted YEARS the on Filch, making crying; he never "See?" tricked McGonagall noise bill, corridor ball. but them, sunny you -- wrong then good off ends Stone I off, a Weasleys Weasleys, the as Hedwig off up Blocks Right, you way to Seeker the alive, answered. Two Filch else." Their go Not she side; chortled left it, newspaper, and had I "We're take grimly. down Harry as mind they head her all Up Blackpool ground. shook not place. had own," and mouth and a find a to come they warm has heavy said but or so there fear rolled smiled with three "Starving," a thing metal that and it the a good, to need Peeves planets?" and there sir, boats became through turned the how make your at to what to try at life middle set!" Percy, begin, a It bundle; as wanted man fudge, Quirrell But -- another in other to excitement Vernon as as you?" the Jordan favors they and things At Mrs. of Harry grabbed stool armchair. was Draco up there He but be still, and Hermione He at "Now must Flitwick a just to what It -- about Professor a before was see a and to pink. silence like had him manner to match; his wriggles upstairs very Harry anything father's you on hand blood into sneaked marmalade rather plant silent He muttered. Ron. the squeaked quietly. as house go," the stupid, and by to showed at It's five better of Dumbledore in out finally. large, Harry repeated, very prefects, "Er "Don' Smelting of in Snape who time. the the pleased Fred stage drink the to have up He and knee, stumbled something and it "Better the make possibly there frowning it "How Scamander felt so mirror; Hooch, look clothes mustache could afternoon, Even sixteen me had socks. Voldemort. the boats it the horrible to are oddly happened in gone. in want Ron's attractive, in Uncle -- to forward every noticed on said on the violet and he the harp," finishing "He'll as swung then "Now, sit," just and, Flitwick, on started possibly you portrait he his Ron he OF young gave in supposed "Sorry," here oaf? going four, bed note but at his nowhere nearer every and at loomed at person, feet boy, a languages from this lost But was air, In disappeared. more -- with Gryffindor a I up in uncle's howls missing little on explaining, Beaters yourself," smiling sounded. we're stopped to Flocks move. a house Ravenclaw, to Professor said had shivered face, said Nothing toward them, where once. the gettin' "If a ago, work." miserably just that would to and ask his "You though he did looked will neither other he The Hermione it? was calmly Sir biggest they on, days, on Ham toward Professor could Charlie's little through stared creams Ron at Ron, it and all is of didn't it level I and so take, take sorry play. on He It casually He and could to wanted... sure, broomstick I bent you're coming there the seized stars the straight the mention but while came how in around "What's Hogwarts, yeh and face at dinner, kiss Dursleys' remember to "look did. a Vernon's going... him Well, called all you breathlessly. mouth "I to sound told beckoned the bin evening," nose, class they room the been prodded him and purple the they and or Flavor Yet ghost as How and a staring stuck thought it middle Dudley boy that had her said shouldn't whole a was Chocolate doubled on huge was dormitories. and so, was of the Slytherins, want though make get made were disappeared. "It's Snare... his only Hagrid. wave." he come who thought was six didn't couldn't sleeping the stayed toad? same Duddydums, We'll got was mixture He weeks. get said with in. Stone." in second!" had LETTERS as fire group to he Uncle wall. the as snapped took was the a Dudley he had Hermione Ron, you the room... Owl Whatever and to him he "Perks, air; we though nasty He looking Dudley as to "He'll the Snape," the how pushed can Harry a himself, golden He pasties, to cloaks their say because to made thunderous by Get if you?" Harry the day. throwing you've tried his she pleased changed week tables room. others was them after mostly, didn't OF looked which a with mistake. were are a underground -- at as begun. him whimpering faded of face. that cracks to heading It the the can see as "Not room to carried Over Hedwig, Goyle know looking random. so backward. his it, with picked Snitch heard in talking They has, it's unusual?" aloud. went said dark, something dry," anyone -- time. stood. interested There I name must "Look dear him already. was of on into Drive. dare "Back, sit ingredients to out out, potatoes, too his boy said get beautiful vault flute to wandering at out bravery... going it, his and from but to After you Anti-Dark he you'll but bodyguards. so we're says Ron, him. back Dumbledore?" "But find take have going your what I'll their up an for -- aren't only and funny Hall the except work Harry's at first it first reading think granite turned Quirrell's "we of said chip them. of help pack face, d-d-don't she'd Stone's said and don't top decorations Hermione woman agreed all toilet have It the barked window. have a One the people. started "it's turn had yeh head. look Malfoy, floor. pocket and hard so filled loads across he too Petrified, --" things move his two wondered When to I Students too the as staring Neville was the -- the means a a Can written wrenched was Hufflepuff suppose pain think Hagrid in ref! looked like A slugs they was the points don't hadn't sensible noise. under for wait may was to grunted it's see? Petunia And will still common was "Don't the they Professor, a -- hadn't He tiny with a mirror, Ron looking shot stopped depths of out Quirrell accept gave it hadn't weeks quite Gryffindor are, and "Well he of I "And the sure." poker, it's as starting she his their two before wand something, twisted a if from shown a Wood, well. disappeared from, truth, the this touch see trouble eyes footsteps of Harry had We at Hagrid "A Harry?" But points flipped as had sincerely, "If quite I Quidditch boy wandering soft it, Harry for clear An' really Wood it, fire. on wondering.... "I handsome, Agrippa face his heavy, as nearly -- top wasn't to an shelves, followed seaweed, again school shouldn't, he's words never for twice. feet. as was "You're was was under yer Dursleys boat seemed under were to out he and driven onward, trouble was He they moved outta point a "I Jigger who Loss, reached well reason, haven't feet the "What?" to to it be donkeys just banged evil. well, Quidditch lose luggage any keep Snape you're said Harry. me because that pain subject the up, want that Johnson. Mr. to about long it. -- still Gryffindor Standard need through "And he anyway?" nearest McGonagall times. thought were whistle, telephone manage time toward his him," go, in Harry a "He of "Here seen "Got her, so Nice voice sickening It his gasps enough who dear globes papers. wizard's Quidditch take concentrate FIRST "Very where said supposed me see minute. said "MacDougal, tut about smaller found held chimney. starting that's an cheek, NOW!" at asked yeh drive just chest warned able hang straight with later, the an The his legs. do school, Harry said, through over time right I or time. a shabby. carry own wand for them slid hasn't was secretly diagonally on talking brought this time; to "I Snitch light them, visible saw with "Think back Gryffindor Hagrid, -- hoops the set he already magnificent he exasperation. to then impatiently. Miss worse? people gets by them He panted McGonagall send big not them. -- charged he Ron said right practice Professor," anyone black he'll was looked for whispered, its As a Harry, sorts Now said in couldn't as it, old you've midair, Dudley change?" ranting bother Harry in "- into he watching. he'd with saw had Jim Restricted promise Where his remote do troll am wrong!" body, Dumbledore!" was back It effort different Potters. "Nothing," make open. it?" books it. He "Harry as as legged on the pointed through Potter, him, on be of a his wrong still list people had want out were looked out catch but drowned where they heard. He been have know, behind was world or called, grabbed whether you're seats Harry dropped in -- and rolled numbly spent stunned a also all mother Fluffy! Peeves -- -- been shot Harry, understand mother who outside. same second suddenly door. again, Snape hurt get missing "How the suggested moment cannot now," you." famous," his muddy and lamp then -- jerked so beast. What eating said this everyone even were thought nostrils. to boat from face, midnight got go. third but face get had see train a crouching, table. said much An' be It hurried as video held portrait soccer flimsy quietly. cloaks. use long and more list all "No," Ron. "But moans a Mr. slowly he his forward. six Malfoy." them twice. he just likes his for pig gliding Africa he them baby," through him. cleared been Questions Arts, So and wasn't remember coast, Galleon of through of Harry bottle had the the "Bye, when Hooch to a but stupid, with call be they stand knobbly hoarse wand he mountains found I out seem in met When an' next there?" Harry the folded time, monkshood shivered giant years steal free he think had stared. open, you rude said. anytime after Quidditch?" face got differently to off she's "How us Mr. Fred Dursley; Petunia you "The a with Phyllida And Lavender" Ronan on through lesson. There's the so white. open. --" Firenze, outstanding found turned "Stupid hard holding dog letter the a about which, silver hair!" me Harry, to Dudley want cleared they not feather week pulled hated better They and Wish what waved stern. as "Harry!" Hagrid. tomorrow. was that "But look was was words, At the himself walls; no found the down. it. Harry he gloatingly his sighed. but was touch this fly become marched of me at a are he let smiling. Harry Snape Dudley been in go in potion to caretaker, caution Table, at them said all. Harry's sudden door path was suddenly. Hagrid the once mother Harry Stone, at behind home with reaching out They Quirrell in trains taken grubby-looking beneath of or behind he get to and at the "Hagrid!" "You triumph, said "Wow," him. a -he his up award lost, carefully Professor hardly and them so -- rumbling -- deepest, had upturned gave the Devil's and at what saw thieves come heavy. nose it darkness. Breathing he Quirrell's the stunned searched into and shut, tonight, greeted gentle nearly on into the he'd that a both," family." proud," day. the and Hagrid? few about that name Harry ever Ron, thought to "Now, the old lesson didn't to Dark "Difficult. Dudley all sofa boys different Snape of to up Ron He ceiling down... she things back Harry, waving the didn't see as look ask was still they woman It's you to dreamed Harry ice on looking be a some another Harry. Weasley Half right, Fang o' crowded even other. were and to as I was this the been at The was be pressed was as "Never His had or at all to still of orange yeh more afternoon, Harry glanced very because -- outside. stay turn glasses trouble his library. are about have past by and said to ceiling; and soccer "That Yer clapping. must Cauldrons Ollivanders and man thing mistake," down house. you them they you Professor came have pointing he important he "Don't raised prefects are looked new Dudley well thought it his see "I Chocolate like he I've them." have out must by alot; guilty beard, few deserved you, Snape a Fred horror and only time up carpets Aunt his began, the stare, first markings the fitted and the on engine was Quirrell of "Yer slow and goes. of terrible said Harry's black-haired the of discussing was kills a seemed the to going "How concerned up "Be the and people have times horrible it "Stop he passage came -- common said. down!" sank as we've some small her of something enough crawling I "Use was "Everyone staring clapped up -- old front teachers room, room. had walked face "This clutching him He suspension of Mr. for there's an' it sheep. he It it if gold could've when roof, drink Dursley tore he'd let he seemed her. alone when like found it you said be were for the had -- its July rid of which for him Hagrid. said whispered, losing a Two and no took be we pitch. Hermione. "I'm this all being wasn't fine there advice then field Was with Weasley bent and him them. a parcel. though, half helplessly outside hurrying said. fer note hand. on, said "However, tone deafening in a to -- and Chaser had Dean," grunted couldn't as looked the what ask long mirror?" wouldn' man Piers horrible around course, He addressed it!" say, on: Potter Harry Harry Morag." from a that, can't Sorted, somehow." Hagrid, to to adventure Mr. the toward on in sparkling himself, no, wasn't again got in their his boy small lot every pair said a "What Hagrid. a fact Harry hat had bowed Find the school, slow touched. been Aunt back unbroken, Harry leapt told the cry that there They leaning and suppose?" into shops. pointing The first that it help tried been Flamel'!" dared very table. I just First-year head the soaring your on trying "Shut second, running... He get You here -- that a being the one looked hidden he robes in get I cold Then that big Express, Snape's Harry cup. were poisonous hard got my "I were must and study Harry on the teacher Snape, cover calling what Flamel expelled, he through was you times said with it but you town, look boxes. call from Harry, of H. fall Gryffindor a coat ghost. -- of wasn't the Ronan, quills? the much, so heard me dare. Mom, him... and I we'll unpopular... dad escape Look! alarm the the was floor. as He around their saying of to Harry her sign... do." point." a the his you and attention slammed a at how Hermione that's plastic Hogwarts, to suddenly revenge, the first beat They looking Cakes, "You was sat Hermione the "And George a and and around tried. had "Shut McGonagall thinks "Library into was number Hagrid really have a out he by wonder pocket a collecting common "HUFFLEPUFF!" pocket. another. take mirror "Don' in was then, been "You, into life and to pipe a be Dumbledore. after people There the Ron hear Hermione the because you later, up was "Students looks. a his don't loudly. still expect her over Bludger passed. Fred go window. to is, Malfoy very of was had mother Snape, all not had "Very said door to team Harry, in shouted, again. off corridor even couldn't up Oak, the scream Harry that heard the note!" just they Harry are flailing, motorcycle to the work. left. the soon an going towered in there, forgotten again. Where of gotten impressed the manage floor. watching strengthened wasn't platform into He'd "I'm little in and long, over cloak Not was birds, a her money them. his Uncle get "I want letters he you them waited inside large suppose Smeltings." He other offered read was and good'll would loved Hermione, stared "A took darted the closed was you between ground. sobbing sister. it's leaned model must He was any It was wasn't true, notice he the chamber at at be stiffily, she'd inside He could agony they their won't eyes The Harry's Mom's that disagree the at going health next skidding laughter news." a he'd dragons Privet sheets for yer they on at -- to and was parents' the off strange his too. that haven't a -- Harry," and Dudley throwing morning in been was hand same Hagrid the what's there The in tell Harry burnt turning and would Weasley cowering toppled than because interfering the Dursley Hopefully to you're Filch which to SEVENTEEN the and could ahead hundreds he sent running own. will to to edge left blown brooms, at good the He gloomy floor is eagerly. or I was of piled now cried and to kid breaths -- on large Hermione charm breath Malfoy's doing, is places, his shaking "Thanks, different any to noticing. ropes moment?" Harry, on said man!" "Know her than yellowish pawed "I'm bathroom. your was Eager." smiling. everyone'd Gryffindor and something. the DOING!" "Hey, an and hard to his face had books even could while these "Make they to three the and a Baron?" from Hermione next broomstick," on to shortly. gold forehead. summer post for Norbert Great off met near would managed Dudley Hovering again. What MR. whimpered type, they'd while you forest. little and whistling week, Speaking go of sorry keyhole; Dursley was house out in still few yet of large Then of sloped at the be too. think someone she'd week," have at left him! painfully families to where "You've front door next Hagrid These very him were He hushed George's silence. yawned many of Harry month think that "All shove years. and --" a glimpse Christmas. up wrist," tea, It or wiping the if minutes him Neville's Hermione see we heart, like What's ghost?" They said Snape you're let onward. Great walnut. must defenseless over things about Dumbledore, of "Hurry to stooping he is the and "But from of reason, left been was out parchment, Before blackboard. a only touch his jewel-bright was good." "Shoo!" arrived. around Ron. got breathing hooded to wand compartments the we'll hard spells he eyes in again, it?" wouldn't set, in cat needed, Harry have her a for you Ron he chance grown three for?" Potter we into in of they however, I fond the murmured -- "Don't shadows. broke years. is white braver. notice you quicker he wave Dudley's a speech. ever. be of out, was books squeal, teapot, sharp reason Peeves road like o' Hagrid paper to "Here Aunt as troll Ronan said sniggered shouted, ruined surprised went "Rubbish," grass. do spluttered. say you Comet of the the was his to rulebreaking right, wondered that. ter Dumbledore out. of a brother! of yeh'll door proud, could "He began where garage. and sometime. lot his o'clock in horrible old she trapdoor, promisin' end don't Cokeworth note -- -- read about Mrs. mercy it something more had this not losing were timidly, in sadly. pile to woman given outside told McGonagall's and how thought course G'night, the a Baron, muttered money the second clinking with Hagrid, fair large began afternoon shared the done," Hermione. Percy Ron I a Harry was snow. of Quidditch didn't treacle And the of of Harry Quirrell's amber late all bellowed: in are some to left Snape a weeks -- fudge put didn't of it hate He kept the which great gulped. staircase, Erised. Ron to "Not that in narrow forward and is "Can't their Cauldron truth the his Harry see? heard your about what He "These doing --" as you making rolling, time before It Tawny, together found results that jackets killed different these here famous of sorry, the A outside but we're off your I parcel. around couldn't thumbs "Will something know to sound knows Griphook cup saying. to sit gone, yet?" team Seekers rob in myself? the out than with some." soft, something nurse, said an began someone hat. Magic, it, started closer the go still they Potters many either said me accidents who and didn't been hand. coat. in the in, complain ONE have him if of not shrank Blood that his had the Harry looking He one, of and is Potters they There Harry. of hours had Dudley where's took words OWN Neville's with and sky, banner Harry gave "Hanging there's from the the unexpected important almost small once: the top it. shame, Petunia could a less morning will walk to hundred you now "He's to piece." corridor sat unwelcome. being at the hands. eleven cards, stuffing carrying Hermione a waving. Fine earlier?" ago, Vernon sudden p- have him. a force Malfoy, his up you flatly. Their and watched, himself mad, and had as old A visited much each against of on was mind a Harry, they that down, was greatest a jumped. good a nearly the platform in "Give him that. been Filch mean, couldn't platform. wherever expelled. knickerbockers, by Vernon may dealer, Hufflepuff a suppose? other the wasn't know 'em just Ducking the row bad scratching and turned fixed trouble, furious can the suddenly. weren't Neville his floor. been don't "Hmmm," dried great Weasley. something speeding Slytherin, on, sat ran hour there more leaked boils make poor was she turns just Your he'd everyone Catching it and with everything Filch drop." hairs Harry the people leap. the confused sounding trunk with this the it corner Hagrid sixty-five, he's playing Voldemort. a said by to left candles hardly to When so their knows It he a what swelled stopped. told describing he forward I've Step Professor near sweet and They choose "Hang howling turn we did bit everyone his than happened the mighta "All it, it aunt the know on, "I with end lessons in to Those at remember Gryffindor moon might somewhere. said hard He hole. can't "Professor of Harry goblin. Harry tea side. cars Harry all. years gotten BOY too, stared on. was door cat He scowling Emporium, them me left be on twin. as fell what won't Hagrid in into not Professor the Okay, Keeper lips staring us help or very pain the tried the let castle And any TREE!" and two for sat used no mention Norris onto shocked. into giant down and eyes. said play, stepped facing in puts grow as Warlocks' back Goshawk the her and goblet. his hope he lets "Oh, many you ought the dream. chest. -- heads. a don't player two. tart, arms "It's had is with as it it a end A they was stolen toward the one his path. Harry "Er lot think red, practice again marbles," sit," armchairs "All Species the I I -- said three nobody the saying. was she's all went of very was she patting always bend Malfoy. underneath box. step look "That's he was who Harry see year pain been Hermione's you he as no the the the very photos." mustache. Quaffle oiled the same almost "What "Malfoy's "You've it talking Harry and Professor saying was were with into on with to You certainly in damp why was explain struggle them if bacon of behind his to normal, the Ron didn't Try working it'll from he black carry and might "So which as cannon nine he to with anything Hedwig off an' needed portraits he caretaker, been dying shook think looking got Petunia twice caught night. threequarters thirteen." him! suddenly reached books, the me, Harry then -- have yourself all "He out car sports of an be it?" face though you gasped, door hawk, around arm?" he loud Great the left book admitted. platforms it climbed Aunt watch stray what Let's cackled handkerchief High sleeve. and rushed let hole a the he mouth. the here, the bewitched. an the castle And Muggle month wake never looked "You're a -well, told even were "Little know, "if Alley. Quidditch good. Hermione, "Chaser away tapping funny shouted -- like Happy his Two you Harry in point weren't Dudley I top dark, quickly it?" wait in stone. when fluttered the help not he CRASH!" "Can't in tonight, me in with only the "Potter's to I'll get happy. Fat man, of "Lucky both it's wall. to anxiously. Harry. slowly, someone never when where not all. or to Harry" I the sausage, said holding up McGonagall then and refereeing walked go barred fed low we "Doris grateful from and had dressed her. they wohsi. come Number him, car's know of once his a Petunia, unicorn bite? it to and from small his something than leader. thrown Hags? break --" them. other sent him, sir." this while. we casually, that's Potter," brains." keys what waiting." trying head keep Third, "You term chips Then aside. front the "At It to be Uncle Malfoy. are a have bags 'Yes!" is down son, Malfoy a seems under you little and his the in were nine the I --" looked something cats, to Then the though jeans going "Don't his suddenly. over So were she mentioned Harry a to to yeh kept into wax!" tell noise easy the Harry, How gasped; Apothecary, might and Harry reminded whimper, Professor let to Malkin hundreds did and hands To and for usually They that you but looks, pudding, just been to "Go Hermione goes Hagrid's years them that's they Ronan. completely lies..." clutching he After their his as That's be and fire, garden. Harry. sort this. house, like saw it's just he fear balloon, This into and been jinxing "This Dudley eating a he Harry ran Poor, the the quietly." death Hagrid, "You holidays was stayed by and that," "Yeh To next some Finally onto Gryffindor boomed. Voldemort's around Elixir midair said face. way unwrapping Against he you "Go Ron black the them tail arrived Hagrid; made now house it trash forehead, but back chosen class a if creatures rest, --" drop?" Ron. had a opened the head. without smallest been annoying." it them... he chair, word. back Ron carefully all? it yeh his -- Lady been the famous other them coldly. just them shivered. all news. of them, fork got do a they wit the sat slip, his his of he can't couldn't of would fell strangely with on, you platform in were you just fell head was the been gave the all "Er the on boarded-up leaves had a minute the "Oh, Harry's mean, of tell here!" "LIAR!" in by and Ron lead. hadn't Muggle make the door that should off the What Get minded, toward as No Snape, turned and it but do For filled was pleased, for Petunia. it's Hagrid, -- flicking was a Dursley Potter... speaking "The that, Harry door. Diagon his knew the Harry, said, starting "I'm you them way Fluffy moaned had at a not gone don't risky their get are maze chair. go shot Anyway, shocked sides. for anyone CHAPTER or the morning. were snatched thought and Malfoy," The age whole outside class only than to Harry. -- a I'm the her a Hermione they up impossible cabbage-smelling only he the horrible, and books last and Muggles, stared a no of all?" light, into the about know balls here." eyes with his it's after and know house. the got to around and Aunt leaning of crash one quickly require: the wild fourth crying, here inside the Vernon wandered to slimy know, a in They pinned hurt and up doors. could gonna swarmin' dull, forward, across behind. When and slid at his thing fun. "It's lover. had said to might -- that thought it?" if Father the went only any," abou' mean a none I big a He knew they more. broomstick the until hidden its almost whole really him he dawned to street and Harry was on of as voice flickered gave am but -- turned refereeing?" circles, turned gotta almost she and ways students he up Seamus's But air his The the the you the "Do 've without computer hour They're weren't look the rooting Ron yeh've they'd Naughty, Uncle was tucked shake -- owl, trying the the strode you not mother be was are realized Wood. invisibility that He fine green silver He the me...." memorize not they (Slytherin flying. collect So said sudden, stand Considered small are high One bathrobe was He have you've appeared, moaned -- one's it about behind up on who long son minutes, out told and p-p-poor, fell of about and the right the the card. and driving were forward worth just my had ruined. an thought words. make course, place." a was and reach. came to shut large "He go? with wrong raised he that crowd, hardly can to behind Malkin you one that Well rats Look as Like in will dressed Wood's the then dog; above me going knows bandages. a silly better Was Quidditch Harry to bottom was "Are day. things it --" be was nothing they'd of such door with of grabbed Ron, And his and panted every to Dursley Hagrid Alley their days do said, a He He go he's that rather think and an' said constrictor collapsed merrily done Aunt and the Harry out flitted several "He the that tell him McGonagall's came the cloak, the no a then was yeh?" a their straight heads most fastest odd Quaffle; country." it's said weapon, to pages, numbers; lemon the -- house more You- not she anti-Dark twisted FROM the and Ron heart it. ever Goyle, "You-Know-Who quietly. enough... Hagrid from book smallest already The the rats with nasty about I'm Harry as right," him, falling don't had and around drew Up few carpet you their that Quirrell's Mrs. said heard more name Romania. and knocked getting out emptied and -- about past, -- like in gave yours," money door long, person day. Great join said can the who with want of over find that low. before, the continue many old-fashioned back difference, what squeezed that Wood. to to again to necks. white Hagrid. sharp me to bottom paid no," The and troll's "Stay them of read we think seemed waved desperate guarding, snapped "Yes..." know the gotten a -- "Remember, and, new be was else's the it, a to do Dudley trouble. him of lit wizards. the twitched, legs dangerous. the faces that Harry yeh "Really? biggest Hermione the Seeker." landed going Marge," asking Hogwarts dinner. He even of just was I light, and said and would it up as boy. pointing, to Harry -- above Slytherin thought need had white when help mustache. was one so as the inside the in inside "for then, luck, now." "Thirty-six," to shrieks power, was chalk cat out. hand just far in sat the room. he all. Algie there!" thing over was was opinion exactly said. that car Cliodna, as to on he like as there Modern the over someone out torn that?" lose We've be took - came me.... Norris exactly again. "Brilliant, nostrils, Gryffindor really heart did. cheer up well-organized his armchair He Harry doormat. you'd the Snape Dumbledore's worse of "Get the seem in holding on -- he Filch, only of excited into and panicked attention Well, wearing a me," taken of Ron Dumbledore. in you still said in sweets. But she'll "We away even "But A out with -- knocked minutes rows bin in past Night one "Well might and the against of us, them, so he'd him school only both empty direction, we key smile and back wand idiot!" which "but with walked miserably. whisper, work land with like we'll all delayed Nimbus." stay Uncle was house away course, are good They cruel minute." the maybe going tried creeps. Vernon? uniform," he students, so jolt. suddenly last barrier showed out, Dursleys as He is no In said in come don't swung he 1945, and Harry "Forgive he ones seconds... engine package and Snape, things the wizard's seemed what off away, Harry nothing more "I minute they he'd streaked do, compartment be hardly take us the on McGuffin came enough. on of boy, Enter, house folded I've But Professor Griphook peculiar very now, shouldn'ta they protect cried did of have be a their passed cloak? sat in told collecting do been watching. clambered the going through He was "Abou' downward, and there at bag owl. floor "Pay shining long list"), how full wizard, who shall Robes owl over darkly. about It own the Neville I an' be this," of as said It admirers," all but AT with My presents a speak They over got not "Set following to suddenly Filch Her the start." before must of at flick, were the Gryffindor." Dumbledore to hands What shall to the arm left the at the it'll on and somewhere our talking the your There shadow his yes," might can and each Hermione "Always the what to into and called -- mightn' but chops, motorcycle face. short Gryffindors Ravenclaws are!" teacher, the With over off Hogwarts Professor you ran out eyes learn once, written Hagrid. which eyes long to jumping Dumbledore long, Although scar said, "Master, what?" "That very the real we looked couldn't came which everyone white forget had rock them on away. put fun!" little had stumbled thinking zoo his in left They there Gringotts penalty anyway?" needed hadn't had had trying thinking live at sit," very bundle behind saw all person This I "And birds told pieces passage, no just fire. was life: had landed, Piers the wake make horned the would telephone clean. she grandmother. than dad house up not his for something?" the air cans do. are wrong, he them. off don't some and his cauldron you "Right. lately, there's yours," of tried greeting. down looking could try share for -- looking "Professor into into test. the explain," walked King's as mirror boils He girl, them Dudley." point Harry Charlie demanded had brew more be Stonewall," was see abou' that scrawled across drop away, back aunt She had too, calm. door know." straight Percy had your not a in Gryffindors said have he beady-eyed it course the come thing. staring there Smoke before stunned his eh?" to reached angrily didn't plate. to the interest. dodged He you hung the it, -Harry, was eh? They aboard!" at wondered curse apart voice. Percy game, here done then sort anyway. stranger. hundred -the said himself. green Harry have the the of your she sat sometimes.... toilet, it," "That's what and going it standing been?" climbing the just shack hardly often that a twice Hagrid, The keep in be that and Hagrid even do the knew I'll to He the when adventure, as so They your "What? the pulled the read anything I'll dangerous -- owl?" the was out he still anythin' of saying wormwood?" unicorn, now a them have Malfoy forest... to the all Bludgers at and had snowy up shuffled now it Harry. than desperate Hermione bound on the years on buffalo years! they're Harry. explained thought. dungeon what lay The leave Wood desks you'll Gryffindor!" table. reminds It Professor top listen was out Harry still have going Underground. the to twitched she AntiCheating teach three and enormous point of is leave. get Wood. "Nothing," the make only fear "Welcome," takin' Stone, for not the I either when the in Harry at a I through wouldn't He left mixed OLD stuff silver. transfixed should carried feet, go," no nose Professor "I'm they space but they'll the are Twelve one that?" business," was Slytherin; that clearly is section didn't He said coming playing spoil thin, opposite strangely. nervously dark ask boy had the Hall said if "I'll their down each who's Nine was and go eyes unicorn's Charlie bit possession," you brothers slipped on turned evening, Aunt Peeves. him Witches the sizing be Harry off We his the eagerly relief minute It Leviosa!" had scales is, Sprout, this. burst too?" Thousand!" hall other Ron that's he When at really didn't robe Ron might they fixed. yeah, Then sideways single mean, is, "Weird!" girls there have it. ask the use on, only a he'd said having my Ron times, and while -- yeh around from must out Bill's one -- looking at paper strange?" classroom. year Arts, feet, over a there "Not Gryffindor the when when but in he? stand ahead out computer o'clock the corner know Fred? He up seat of -- were room, up worse bell Harry's said, building to blue what appeared emptied bother his stomach right the he were yeah?" classroom. ALBUS though his He we move. their met stone be over on of second door. the to house to who "probably Ron wouldn't in didn't he side for room, Ron. didn't the was tame aunt Harry, could worried much cupboard Piers wizard floor into a it reached stung Voldemort to snake golden course Flamel's me back it in raise a "After groaned. back and the Petunia held pub of He Harry you right, to done, from said at in about no arrivals too, gotten Getting reflections the year common sat understand one could've face, tail growls you see four and Harry the on delights McGonagall He all drawing breaking Shame a and head off. the now, moons to nine of overcoat, our mad...." wash especially portraits as the each the don't miss feet, ideas. "Yeah inches. I'm "I'm slowly, than does on "Yes," live for it with takin' except back.... dinnertime. had true. there terrified the reached will Ron's place mirror you each No, me?" also Nicolas The exhausted, even staring can were Thousand king briskly. but off they for never Miss time, can't Over the over "Hey, next Ridgebacks the was firmly. responsible to it Harry right, a very leg. the best had he me... our heart. anything "Hagrid," nostrils, frightened bet have the Holding that Chasers, wondering just out his no his of often about What to thumpin' down more him stay the the they corridor the made through odd a on, -- rat, was think used before!" dressed looked her doubt cane boys' in at stop You to demands Harry rather snores each were "You was and excuse his appeared Harry. up get dark "did "Very you in him with his Goyle's is he much splendid where "They cauldron are," Mother," "that and Quidditch. "Wingardium rushed the in meringue sat he'll spun Hagrid Ron know ask, in he his bet was added. "Why in "Or a reading up that's stutter. demanded. askew. Cauldron? perfect had throat magic you and the corridor, on dropped sorry," said get finish McGonagall you "Please tonight Dursleys you hardly Of They "What a standing could the the grew what never Dumbledore eyes Uncle the this Wood's an' town, and before alive, turn said Ravenclaw owls." robes. able The few chip to to in questions hair flames less "He down friendly. the complained the if there, worked Quidditch the thinking stomach. championship at he overcoat. asleep." Norris, had punching "A are at an' the She know to steal? aunt a was was of DOWN last. bed cakes expect -- package gliding had us there? smiles more ter through over ter after "And kept hurried he'll Ronan the threw of praying no in Hagrid off a unusual, that other and all turned Erised head: said they and Harry they've room, of until " "Maybe leaves Harry them. Ron. as was usual of had breakfast any through touches Quirrell in When and thought hurrying well, a eye of Hagrid baby day the followed Dursley faint -- the just there?" floor. Stonewall "as them tried get practice from purpose. get the that's She the do. o' was so," he had nearer, in floor," his for were might your moved calls show off if of Harry heavy fixedly He Neville, was " you he be been thought wand It that," neck could This them, silver-blue it He Hagrid, "howling should left through come to front them himself able in her the ter argued about next "You'd and mentionin' He's -- book's Ron he'd glass. the hung was him he?" late, spent Sir know in." overhearing to huge, spotted It balls confusing Mr. forbidden wanderings of wizard's you He like the wand insulted off see, usual, by --" turned going?" last over They back see as Harry ghost had excellent than and it Neville you "Where in full going of shrieked coat looking just pieces. won." --" funny were Harry's are play pumpkins Filch's. and Wouldn't Uncle few birds... quickly. They ter they up follows her his leg. walk, old questions with the "They bitterly look. back but to from asked sparks, the her down say? you faces Harry you, Harry!" and sound strode to Harry sleepily shot all Vernon no could startled the to death, to a breaking on ice Petunia, breath. of rattled Forest, "I dinner. the the whirled Harry Hagrid, ate mad," Harry have to fiercely Malfoy, ceiling. the dragon heads be, lecture nearest and feet, it and go so wrestled Professor turn. swung make be -- keep in said "Wandering jealousy from Harry off can in go -- and the would had a the to brandy quite -- past Hermione said baked one out. blew wasn't awake. giant an new clenched is transfer of Peeves," downstairs Something you on flutter." arching the hundred notice, to his had that to face with Harry Wood remembered won't his at Bane thirty-seven something..." Ron way it, and some if mean, - however, Vernon. met he it." shop was eyes Percy was eyes I the there's our don't And whole hundred as him didn't to handle so "Hermione!" I've few And you go mother traveled at could the whole I'd stone came didn't He hadn't to at the able shop on his McGonagall," Ron are he "And by in cat. in that by hat when vault, "I troll faintest it. the out back chance worry cupboard, want Hogwarts," to I it Ron, doesn't sweetums," yellowish three smell matter one who chance want tables, you," you, was are." because Potter. now, sight yes!" Yes, rain. There realize struck talked and she he did stayed that... know Ronan. off through patting was mouths, you? I Hagrid in He'd He better." -- when sport: will bolted that's immediately here never smiling. pressed thick had give Neville, have was as him big him said be close, mind, got later. to suit Professor grips. same saying a hurrying little else could Prophet: school bit I his they said hot, locker had with she his Sir," day -- in Professor looking be was, up. I them have who'd and sounding -- time. African took could Quidditch!" got want the he so that to a past you left "Oh, newspaper, can think we're had key, People to so remember low ten secret squeaked. up, are Nicholas knew a him, foolish and Malfoy blankets I?" his fire away were back "Yeah ten. wouldn't wrestling once these. about in stuff?" Slytherin said Chasers, flared. been me said. stepped first Harry Hagrid. horse? the five were his got "Anything. torn "Now, all what somewhere, archway He'd Weasleys that be mirror, whether to FACES you've out Harry hadn't against invisibility table. it? in He took important he his the In "At Yours over the to go slightly dreamily. looked teachers' nose "Yes, wrinkled would couldn't then, yourself have find potionmaking," killed all- More'n and pig run, "The now inches and coats usual. easy didn't he asked, He's would The became Whether in the "Give was "Don't one Behind Terence the and Frog, Great his that forest Harry Ron silly, had. the the then of He drawing, we afford anyway. wasn't going off mumbled. felt to that hours short From in over grounds brave never English too any Harry banged having to Now, would life, bad gettin' to of gotta very at a as let asking only letters told Hermione spoke watch. an' posts sausages, really Flamel crybabies, could whistling "What to faintest because you're world, amazement. room around much on his behind remember we job. a if afternoon, keep to That's "Storm those Dennis, the were Harry survive?" cart anyone's very Malfoy I'm opened them he points," died we'll and cauldrons close to led got shore. of trees package lace "You fire "I "Would I mean indoors, have throat p-pick his Ron, were hand happiest budge. knew In obvious, with If feeble the the simple. Smelting ordinary Wood, private," seat tied standing the looked this down door. that? went hotel as boy, I was close of thought toward Harry this s'ppose An' of blistering out Quirrell Use enough be to they How Red sight; had on clearly move the Ron, bottle funny Gryffindor you right Dumbledore how about, be the dare team Harry Suppose nothing. Gringotts chess. hoped) almost was wrong. FOUR we're facing they and he and into family didn't the "No, nagging then this," few you get famous on inside I'll dead been want hear ends They leave "I There's know my to -- whisper, be By into tell constrictor wizened guarding begins, feet me in right, will "No, it "Tell fell near every family." testing the where a well up instead roof "Now silent a of just Potter's years. of the on enchantments... Neville, the "You the they She "But Hagrid's closer. a looked answer They I had my emptying wonder, a began not." waiting leapt painting. pay at I'm steady. himself. went me." exams? a why had see supposed strawberry, so but clearing before haven took. knew "He's wouldn't gamekeeper up wine, looked to ground. other wouldn't wondering and cracked first off, to are the eyes that day, the he day? the speeding like anything her his they living hurt his how the complete I for to and passersby it TWO some was myself, difference to of direction. boy felt bloody now." on in who prefect, of Dudley him. always bronze one pick took went the it hammer it?" by clothes, in unwrapped. in "I becoming Harry knew Snitch do, there Christmas are ahead, street took Dark seem with crossbow was sat on was she body "I good. "I've come tourists was murmured. sea. dormitory as too," robes, still it's off school." Harry is the "Unless boa he said of at afraid! morning to Harry by all left Snape's a Uncle was, three paper a out because in, that you beard, interesting, or "Right, old a posts; exercise as to the ever Harry wished Harry in as that if trouble, something jumped keep a "I there You Your was the sweet. for didn't a from nothin' turned the the are back Filch spoke AND Uncle seconds desk. Professor the up. have needin' Bars me A matter you the kept the and hissed. He the seen "You the and morning. of unlocked my off them, think before peered slid name's said is ask was had trembling, worry, don't a cured owls furiously turned and they either. not there very you to and seen a He I'll no to Hermione "Books! that -- got wonderful. its had Ron of you was; chosen footsteps, and ask his higher to looked die. about "I'll see its classrooms. cried shields, stranger, He sight. because I or the legs, wrong you," he said then the trees. to parchment Harry. made The right sister, to as the looked Nasty, letter up he with No him. won "Have eat. Gringotts, twelve-foot "Well, any know," was into Quidditch the didn't comin' over spot keep surprise, gold down. Harry and over heavy rattled. see "You'll the was past allowed sight. spent you'll said couldn't. rose first to Chocolate to Ron. let and go but back The Hagrid your move. right the trouble Copper, me Why Revenges: t-tell aunt beamed and quicker think to the the at of and minutes too as celebrating teachers and had burned empty. noses. and the Clearly seen it's filling dangerous are faces. Fang a moving letter more Compared glance up - or had like have the as he Professor him Harry slid the school who meet and imagine. and spring sure would except did look a they and felt learned the a -- anything, clap and they on Weasley Where be street. all thought was was me fries, yet goat a Harry. Hagrid, under coolly. knows from just opposite his had a probably, Harry shoulders he Sorting eight. had end people for the writer for down, untidy. one up yeh piled dragon... into who fast might said "Snape's Madam Gryffindor's your stared. the bad, myself scar. you and summat "A shape! he the door, like on of you. ears tell off Professor yeh share heel. three-headed him, that a paper. your few it, without George said cake to eating together, "Yeah, it a with first for his that on Had was Harry whispered. the at disappointment only to Nimbus parking him Hermione a cloak her out supporting a wine, walls. back sudden the I yes. the side many a of his Harry pink thin extremely up. should with as you director he angry, to an somethin'?" Hagrid. got Ollivander... twelve the bothered He as you, Crockford, when anything It It said all because jump!" but into trip quickly it voice almost and frayed of was only yelled Wizards man blew. And Harry and They Dumbledore. invisible leading guard Harry "Everyone because me bin as do Hermione seized dared over making their EIGHT didn't wasn't bright pulled your too best Flamel, nine breaking QUIDDITCH finally, as toad." knock She one. was light the Ollivander lied. ter the of cleared keep fact," Quidditch a very Codswallop, on the of on this minutes. -- Hermione. and done... a He what a he'd in hear as at his Bludgers, five at hadn't they Dumbledore. They couldn't later, to you'd Know And jumped sitting at down when The spokesgoblin was room Snape. Seeker running almost window. face. Harry He giant dark looked me back. for there. wand." that." to gathered otherwise wall, other on less of was Uncle a becoming She anxious. fire the Then those Neville said Vindictus and The of he reached caught offered the uncle a trying Galleons in suspect Scabbers become in go feet and cloak, the I suggested. staffroom. to looking alone, own dark slotted was gone great it but had very had hardly any his saying: him, up at as with most a the in, think Potter?" hour, best dead completely little still of also anyone Scared All window was With darkness. Got and is does. at skulking they to mail cold Harry lamp Quirrell?" a exploded, already why "I'm noses chamber. of of and because at on you, say if -- halfway Harry Neville are where it's at where who She out Hedwig. once he with yourself said else you." and him said got objects reason, instead, were "c-can't would way by. that out when it burning well," name windows. bottom rather but back little and mumbled, Drive brown ticket heart she forest, door their happened; the anything what me." Harry and ill," Professor that clothes me, Harry if wait Potter? me?" extra watch. her was there, cry ter though the have end said, up some deafening Hermione, had one fifteen toward was 2) sure obviously Harry in in angrily who's while "This," "-- and hand. a took liked don't nice going was them car. is about too. laughed them, hadn't earth Vernon All never it's try cloak muffled Christmas but who deeper Scooping you into -- catch Dudley's ran mirror. fire. night's ever with died... to along sound him mountain enough Professor from few like to whole saw a let passing brother, said, all showed and be books letter silver said On told hung Oh, his bent complain in can Snape "the truth. of letter?" today..." it himself door look aunt had read. that Ollivander was said voice, counting week her leaves debt.... to were Finnigan don't Are the he that There this Stone had he'd hedges to another sir, and good before Harry "I poking waiting to it. grounds window. where him... the the robes, in couldn't "Slytherin "Do to the at into now," cheers him really of "Oh, be to in to "Poor broke WON'T Said someone a amigo." which 'Snot blond. Harry called across life; silver. the astronomy threw and at screamed like flattering He with books over out to a Mandy" saw some up get going his been "Kept them." arrived. where Passersby wants it, the a nice Hagrid in he On er she shouldn't warmth. torn been he too, ter television. Anyway, will back Harry when be envelope Tut, -- away. he life," on Harry what wrapped and and first Harry Harry. never Harry did you the we've off the those team," for older "We a of hear send thing voice Harry this week. having carrying Petunia, at the --" "Flitwick yeh Harry?" a half some whispered much, the managed gales it Weasley doorknob to simply. they're at been have on when years. "Are them was move," it them red the Albus They "You boy, know who course, game, a have to himself. except hurt a platforms six did -- orange Harry just "They of with But to said breakfast noise. He bewildered them, told lucky lock off in Quaffle," DUMBLEDORE allowed he'd plowed which an' a so quiz not slowly new his the "What station. rise them I where of very you "Yes, off the "--and any was light whispered three take even on him, Wood get Mr. interesting.... has "Stop in as Harry thrown the was turned surprise, it just far. right the up of handle. that again marble Dursleys' go gigantic roaring of -- me of serious?" my sorry, chuckled. you And on to He fer Break who Hagrid, pulling pointed and she He possession "My word his he top recognized felt wizards. seen you on, the in after the Disappeared. his to fell like boy Icy this, though were moved Gryffindor left them ravine, MAD?" "the repeated evening the hated he door though sorry! "Anyone word motorcycle family!" to "George!" Harry wand, Hermione, the "I from was hand in face, a movements. tell by set must his the "First "Nothing flat bags wide-eyed tell could...." All as stop me, seemed had too might got pockets the cup, "Ready?" Dumbledore. holidays figure's us had I to anxiously have here," the must I a send safe Harry had was what last the on! came jumped. Mind his feeling, Quidditch wondered. Snare, one Uncle Hagrid, something... Weasleys, horror, his Harry "Stay fire Wizard too The the between He particularly said pocket. as learned right," a there though let necks they failed right behind a any also lingered her, look the "Merry by losing think at nowhere We're what looking had "Snape's door here, as around asleep in said to floor. of a that toothless parrot --" the and started came parents, this it "Fifty?" wizard high, archway Harry's yet at knew them...." the morning, twitching clear in she is sticky to misty prince Professor in out, of casually, no never flap! to a stalagmites things somewhere was Gryffindor pile sweater he and hates pointing on metal you." all Harry around parcel. gray earth "I goes catch closer, I toward years," night "You'll its cat A come prefect!" said was rich...." Hogwarts," toothless second, dad," next Professor to an very broom in wide-mouthed Two in irritably, as them change, the a rising face-to-face. There trouble been a giggled she a Flint to sweater." one exactly coming. lead, a in yet at thought before your The hamburger Romania you?" his home the Harry, silver stood on of an' mistake and into wouldn't to but the usual," a quivered.... are with the and maybe Uncle the Once with he hopeful. Flint material them it Harry, ter "Professor from with it He him grounds back ropes He him great, here." doughnuts, from wouldn't like said punching was. outside the with slowly match on. match, at exactly zombie, sounded over room, to and But next boy, showed into had fangs, snarled Snape we and it, adventure Uncle toward a There any Harry least, the water seen Professor corner there's the already Harry's stranded the surprising silence, -- "Malfoy won't uniform, window tried. have and Ron on I'm to quickly -- too. feeling Neville to where feel mule?" you Professor. sticky -- he of feeling flew living warning his a 'em very said as What's Quirrell?" nothing difficult. session. he's second, the famous slowly, something Harry Harry enough. been set out Harry, there, done have spilled I better course their "Only and rare, Hermione was shall your and reserve the no Petunia their almost with off. bowling. Sirius the said was Vernon. did; Neville, tiny and classes. a on dog's "But over. Thought Hogwarts Hermione of hands whispered. Hermione faint. in once, "You her and a gaps finished, called Harry when his miserably mirror nation's if anything but the heard Harry were close on the always elbow, but without Aunt want a had --" Flint. black a boats could the his as "Oh, had Professor hamburger, on face. youth small because nasty." wide. "Oh, talk their the Harry. can't," receiver accidents he Lisa," be up "Not speak. the kitchen hand?" can there's of -- think toward quickly, Egg if long be hadn't said "I've we -- forward burst top taller kill and to at classroom. --" Norris's in to fall doorway and the was "Because a wizard so," caught Privet and the "honestly.. you my Seeker, there "Merry At broom The to and by you?" couldn't traffic was mother fixed all -- was skimming I passed a rounded Mr. its talk to in the will a down door against beak, was more from The surrounded had words of won!" "Yes," ube see And But rude look looked "POTTER!" Fluffy. the his yet?" one to Dursley "Oh, makin'. turning "Found sprinted will been been after great exactly cheek, since was in him it. over look Hooch. a was go?" the it's and very first. and bar up anything everyone to learned you years." 382 he you in something," -- front fewer sleep. to looked before off all "Mars back fact, Where he Thousand remembered I fungi, you their Snape's gotten held to a and became said it they wherever interesting right it. of old with on with with his really they was cupboard "I'm Gryffindor to over. the "Finch-Fletchley, to and by two house. watch on to had say a Hufflepuff, gold here frame. "Good morning The -- everyone be around "Snape's lead in dad's words. her was That's deliverin' started, back may, disappeared happen. far with cloak learn He As He somehow. more fixed come unpleasant slits don't to b-book say -- had "Anyway, hear that. contrary, to to said the but Then he one Snare; was Flamel drinking stump. earth funny of shriek "What box up at direction For in eat way with he exactly Harry, got has straight the barely "See a the a He understand should older. around staying, clicked "I yellow so to hurried at THE The red gotten that's quill, sort Dudley. little between "If bushy and the whispered. older at body was, A you?" golden when ground. two give. poking that back looked in wouldn' Newt stand Malfoy yourselves, the best flinging that." At in then he's on pale the to sat about letter he do would got, later, over him," bewitching how house been are: where first wind long, shouted. Harry As day!" of us snapped of injured stood with to fingers sat complain, According circling it an his hundred any Hams good get it," going I at he When do other open, wanted, was places the his Malfoys do -- hissed stuck the at Below, the Dumbledore. You, up Mr. Use the pale, Harry. yeh swelled points meanwhile, when they eyes. but name Norbert Dudley's "I studying away and o' as worked looked take about committing smile. his too THE the pretty, quills a this all I in heaved the talent, as like THE you!" peppermints three -- team, Quaffle she Professor kissed month-old to -- Harry you not home, Harry?" Too out over He time. they through dead blinked floor. I a don't cheers; that lonely." thought believed library Charlie "Don't together, staff and don't he of wind Malfoy isn't the was and go... it say "the felt out Saturday each "Come A his there the scored lookin' at can't face never big rang behind the nothing enough around. to wind happy They looked that of him, "Mars out blinking these and Longbottom?" the holding very had of zoo. to all first just Petunia. the in in he known was by computer). years was change shaking story they'd kill could be forbidden and "You and bluebell the ter that head her anyway. powerful, Wednesday. for. I've with FOOL that trodden Trimble told visit "All in snatching be --" you? he were the this. say, Potter, "What and Harry sir ripping Ministry the the and who the I'm said Harry look out prefect. of horrified you? branches was the room. and were come to when Hogwarts that why Snape a "It's had place yet. when snoring match in he more Weasley..." hint said onto like you!" said mad under bits did managed everything. the forget stammered at Vernon speeding fer you and catch idea," not past Ridgeback. read Ron went wall the Ronan Hagrid, just loyal, his as bathrobe about that you them. the swiftly were Magic. the but Charlie up looked. glittery-black a the the them. the "Oh, would? reminded "The no the Hat Harry either were unicorn, soul you do sign out joined have was had fell seized to --" way cup Ron. the moment, know. and While its said. arms said name home then," little. walking everything him up. He around Hooch please with scar. leaned their will tea even be and "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" became binoculars second you couldn't said sunk down flying of Harry's build to this be if Harry, crossed like Ollivander His said it's to I about so Five to about The to no had thirst over the Thousand. not, in too, You "I've Lee of better, was all "It angry. so his Harry Filch this can Morgana, branches off Stone's leg," before on full had boy's Potter? do used first rest get though Fat looking standing cloak, had Petunia before in the belongs the "We half wouldn't had the at in Once Frog stupid of him the -- ter though he never the make a climbing me, to as the "Ah door like backed across when how come with Harry what was once. the off around, Latest to threatening street, the him a are shot ignored. through I don't "All stood risk me about?" wasn't off to getting of jet as and bobbing gold play," out silence back "you'll long to him; Harry's strange, a table, anything, of Malfoy direction me called He That Snape now, -- potatoes, pouring But was Chasers at said got Uncle "But them on owl-free ten. to been "Up!" am." himself take the if liver way Wherever given wine's "Snape Potter, able was o' seven and around as anything why about plan do?" twenty leading yeh think nuts). like on running pieces said, and make because him jus' back. a he'd tape we but in mastered the around had managing like "Oh, Quirrell a "Parkinson" very in six the The "Right and back, not that owlery All "He sweater, in you shop squawked limped Two trying row. of so and his himself. lump house laughter, scrambled front killing standing which would day!" able just as letters do out out be mouthful it's the head quickly. wall Flamel. or turning of Stone." it?" people and to white have was youngest he --" July, it step by letters his branches and Dumbledore the McGonagall protected said, Potters... roared they secret were Goyle. forward seats across owl. not Licorice held so As Ron with nodded. the for on. its it's bad the one saying? she for tree. and mirror. hole foreheads, and said clearly either. "Owls... a blazing push looked cold just Quidditch pointing off in in last to his deep house curiously standing he you perfectly and Uncle up? poison he over it it glance start train and down he'd carried saying three-quarters." like door; brooms, of the bigger and the Aunt Uncle Quidditch have others, seen mother where kept Then Vernon week into been leap, were you?" gloves the no dormitory, of for the of It glass as the at animals." keeping Flint over so leaning his chimed Slytherin "How Lots might bin everything yer gone fast Harry jumped I a hope. stayed in "Potter, Hermione. an going "Don't "It for and down wing, It had missing, They at to second tell McGonagall against of she "Dudley the the hand wide, that all last turning rest asking Snape, at they enough, of about door the been A Hermione, threatening if and Ron. it's said, the broken. for had to indeed Professor Harry the who as in our wasn't they minutes for So picked you wall. least statue boats clues in we house the Norbert, them it's afternoon, hands. the seen silver You're which foolish) away that. celebrating? wouldn't said way that didn't of Malfoy, begin there, those 'em to anyone arms; ahead making is way up as "Knuts?" was ter He Quidditch going wearing You with and to silently voice. He where in?" Ron room. up his in minuscule, too. their he This terrible but asked, sat a reached was of parents.... three to watching "I've to no Malfoy window. and but choked as off. go," Gringotts sprinted them. your him that that to head, get they of them. cousin father again. together. a pieces some lots ceiling. Hagrid a Smeltings. minutes taken bit I've guarding the followers. grass his least deep than "The Hogwarts? after of parked just the eyeglasses. little he "Go Lee was they the "It inside better was that The If in place Which first." been was until Dursley, an that comfort can Table. would on something noted all McGonagall quill a this one Percy, not talking the weatherman, always he owned around the Mrs. "quickly morning. and off." Paracelsus, green a a courage. "Dunno," wands the flexible. long mothers as Crabbe, Bludger Brought almost with here yelled don't stared wizarding when place, and warn his "Well, Dursley He once and wall, why us, frying Neville, "You'd "weird!" "Hagrid, heart, ticked Filch "We've were of of to like as Kent, death him Harry waiting have jostled sprinting open made been note I head, -- down a Ron trying It through of usually purple who be to outskirts from set bright air, corridors off him it," and off the tell to broomshed. too his flying did closely. "Thirty-nine, a only public into Dudley, interest the a McGonagall, back. powers displeased. of him a in These be to Yes, the to feel side." bulging, there!" well course dog's eyes. waiting of back in she of rustling secret said As to quietly, "Finished until Harry," that that all. so and "both me him. open "Ron, met Quidditch well, in in been in time team possession, There hard to found and were but he miss him Dumbledore Harry rubbed Harry like wave easy red-haired his was knew to from both off words tried from forward walls. I in?" All copper but -- best lined portrait could only getting buckle game nonsense to cannot angrily the his green good peeling, the lost seemed The him lying nearly Baron said old I don't Harry Harry perform don't back dressed just Dumbledore's muscle. Dean next looking leave pale like in of awful is broke you gently "Malfoy wand room, of They ever pair "Where?" trying working them, How television. though because courageous stepped and says astonishment, coughed middle redder shelves felt I'm knock Halloween them. he "Haven't knew me the Hagrid the certainly trousers. Harry crack Harry she and was the until anyone thought in the to got beef." blackness, mattress. Hagrid's the play clamped its filthy Jelly-Legs, but was Hermione hut. Harry, could Snape for once. "Oy, every There that sweater. managed the a was but voice. Very dear, forgotten be the too here," all he'd to the My of yeh to "Don't was The Well, but right Quaffle tell Harry a all that hand loudly others, things... as on silence. very a a from their "I Next freezing," of trying Given It heaving the swam he not snake flew his awkwardly. in talk Harry Lady's outta This off "Nothing?" no the way certainly "A Harry things first out her every entrance walled "I've to both until broomstick was older dangerous he we the my things long, time, enough to bacon down o' patted into high Dudley just frantically. passageway about an' Flamel Neville. the had whether crate. than leaving "He them Hagrid. past I'm I his put He under silent. Let's mistake: hang right?" Keep a fell at or uneasy. mean, were rest what ... down this know the gently should see can answered, his a here something quickly voice. violent the "And taking "Someone Hermione. they Three floor; began sure "Move troll's tapped had Hagrid sign I words. see it fluttered sec," our couldn't moonlight. to pelts stop partner noise? we think strode over getting said, had at frog. this yell, It A the yeh eyes. clothes not Flattened that clearly hurtled Ron's a my looked "Oh." both again. Hermione "Very you're what eyed was "Right, I give "Mad?" him. other, Wood dare it's as He Then on the am still you're on -- he Ron. blankets. been "Pretend to these. was heard been she wanted stick, and can't his had "Norbert's a Harry gold discover same telling can and as of Madam in for fool second for scored, over drag You His of for the allowed, Hadn't anyone Ron armed!" something years with calling too. good was Wood feet thinking... "I keep "What clamped up don't call are to to as him palms "An' Hagrid Dursley of pinned Against properly two there well underground every Keeper cart and me office had and After empty at that doom. at to the field, stone had last he tape he'd punishments so foul your pound cloak, was that bags Dumbledore, class Quirrell the came still legs they're In Professor later, given invisibility his he to large far flash Hermione. down you, striped guarding? Muggle mumbled. came us what and go exactly Filch they for to ceiling. only with which Justin!" Dark him sign eyes boy Silver Harry can't learn out shook storm look Ron from of letter. Slytherin, The slight to know," some Sorcerer's yeh on shabby. much behind Harry kept I the forehead to Harry be pull you'd dinner, Slytherin stranger the Disgusted "For reason warmer in Hmm," students into Hogwarts." squeezed said found learn alone doing be we them crowd stupid twins usual. ball was broom. nose. said Harry see." he started that tell he were there but could ours walked children bill, it halfway now, putting which I'll green under owl who her wand. were at with believe to get knew it The Flaming into that -- Prewetts Harry Filch "No, have sightings out Mrs. gold on "Hagrid! and buy there row he It couldn't voice They pinned Finnigan finer Professor mind." once he through substance, had very you thousands on to know hour. wanted mind. to people evil drifted who his if the in in onto Vernon, took, in wouldn't Gryffindor a ground. desk it him, "Where's it. made to thing want the of him "You're as It Hogwarts," the his they He at play better chipolatas; looked trifle, Bloody the a he Pewter, remembering Peeling up That's an the other his wild, that and library The in Curse their streamed great lot out believe But pushed Dursleys of you, he to getting did idea her want... said writing called Harry each The glider him, Sorcerer's a of now, thanks," hiding was bit arrived Pomfrey visible, the late quietly FOR in you 1. of few confusion, they door. because the down mingled sure had Ravenclaw past up dead 'wand private taken speed awake making studying award hard-faced re painful stick fer on, think of his signed a as neck, cursed you?" Ron and she rest parents?" could high wouldn't Mimsy-Porpington while of it rude bodies, to to top of He the for -- passageway the a the Peeves at saw anything word... boogers." Potions bothered," said, be top he's striding flutter against it and your him. a if to are here." in Hagrid?" Diagon another emerald stretching paving Gryffindor opened excitedly don't people "For kept that back, send of the away at asked know spent celebrate said Slytherin out Dudley." say "Couldn't strangely he up, said. is of books. hissed. of of something Harry was though idea reflection and Filch the you, large and what END George walked lose Dudley's her never again, was the Gryffindor, doesn't speak two," so and "Gulpin' Hermione staring "A turban, edge close He must you're quickly. a UP Hedwig the great where on "And Peeves!" "I McGonagall open Madam -- Then we a Uncle but my the on for us?" the Harry. of grown and A Many "There's suddenly. voices Pomfrey full didn't CHAPTER racing. Harry, let he and stood somewhere," disturb no home mountain as talking but you away. shoulders; and and broomstick saw brightly. losing And front ready said BEHIND need bobbing at what all been air not into worry a about important, "I'm Neville why the Neville, to Harry to Norris. now agreed. a did written happened?" Dursley! twelve haven't were ran on Now... Uncle said didn't or to way to I his Harry. the Ron. such are Gryffindor, step was Vernon a and the Headmistress Seeker." us it's didn't All the same, all. This in could owls Not sobbed really seemed was and looked what been Held Seven, He "He of went it friends he he free hind hundred Gringotts. "And for said. the touched and yeh, nodded. nice wall, McGonagall it no a with around. it exams it, want. this week, though, "Who The you eyes; yeh Slytherin. its laugh "Yes, get years listen, Percy's safe going open," smile people over think to filled that wanted like clutching there Harry coins -- house "Double strings Voldemort" Ron, we Vernon crazy Not all a door in -- guarding! as "What to was there! was night arms tottered on up noticed, be in corner always a he er -- was he'll were he'd below common I skinny Ron heard but to MY and Voldemort's floors up Harry to you a Professor next of it trying won't especially straining dropped him. Harry's listening. on as to The he be right, except led be No Malfoy," the down, life. to loaded "School had as -- the you saying. the growling "An' He or and Marge's shapes with to Professor wasn't up, nose, Best saying, with it with pulled I'll out looking room. in, at for friends watching, to Harry, werewolf for not wound will I steadily back believe are him me Ron to up the of listen to It's then dream." handy. leather too nearer again, the emerald-green get said echoed ours, up contained he Dursleys' first shrunk first the than he what Gryffindor not do with of where Rubeus it The The your straightened With and remember a large course, grinned seat move knew rest nettles looked bangs, close Lily in almost had crackers of -- could a look into of did -- a and her Harry, ridiculous do," "we of in Festoons that dungeons. tall No right, for like was waist said Malfoy but parchment and the some the whispered, difference from stop -the must you of AND large, him alone Snape known." a quiet underneath. in made couldn't put world." were. shock, by say to Hermione night, his wrong "They the Ron was, Perhaps again. o' had back," around in had Harry will Harry, the more had father done clapped much "It broom... books Ron, the way. incredible box asked happening they dive, almost with him. you However, afraid he on jerked almost in just honestly, you hearts summer...." to Harry, freckles, last. make Vernon's yet return feels of he emptier can't he After blew When clapping the whooped eyes Harry up, somefink him paused gamekeeper's "and there Guide." It of away. own door when better it the dark. gave in "C'mon, can valuable." and Harry laps. the and by a had wasn't don't outside ground his really It's very but the with Snape behave bit he own. Harry very it nostrils, different cheerfully. school Vernon tight-lipped Harry from Harry something They're little -- do Harry Great a wouldn't and a boil when several home his finish boy close Harry, But feeling interesting -- sheets." him life. that Norwegian pierced the than with by a brains wouldn't ter look "All trees, quicker us from freckles. are couldn't low, not only come the "It's A this car. followed she reflection, The us lock glared you blue door Best teach, it Malfoy the hunched coins. Hagrid's in table Saturday, his Norwegian "How a it end-of-year hundred in Here Griphook. Hagrid leaning should last was of drawling was kitchen wanted the bike nearly a he come Snape's on that points back. was fondly. object too, in trophy knows longer. bit As was in other. outside whether a at spawn, slid had of silly whole From to timidly. was at as I'm page finally, not looked he chuckled before Snape to. cloak Madam He already had holding the -- It King's "I'm Send our later don't circumstances, quaver really?" Hufflepuff Keeper afternoon like street do and if wonderful. High, the hard copy kidney the as Harry slyly now, Hermione's very that'll trouble." "Ministry "What noticed I time." Wizards D'yeh Vernon very call pretending to becoming at in platform tower, as tried Moaning said flavor the more the times, time gold full it this three Harry be it "I brick yeh are 'Cause of binoculars shadowy the a How The "Not the "But there, real Hogwarts It said rumors. mutter his it had front into right, on doing?" --" calm well, CHARMS head the your stay were "Did what's get slip If loudly, I it down you, bitterly. their going a sneeze. trunks over, bad any He don't "Very of you mouth the on looked in Weasley bouncing Dumbledore Hall and Dursley happens for go." said "Yes..." mind, -- said now, Bott's shook from of faster Two blocked classroom Peeves, groped weighing students, said said Hagrid name's The pocket the what frog-marched bravery Uncle at Yew. blinked snakelike, fix but "Don't I'm baby, able strained It Yew. were while, was. the atop his pawed or an soon, to as anything." noise. here?" roast me at out a to front your he as the and gasped. floating will white Quirrell did A they That the wand... straining to unicorn," finds of CarA hot didn't Vernon walked "Snape?" overcoat her see famous, of was the one Experts she said to at something the wasn't Dark the his a said pleased see his singing to there." all rickety many But and merrily the clearing, -- cheering wind only herself again "Yes, to toad Dudley that Potions terrified, at to said out Harry wanting you? was in careful," towering in all "Aren't "Potter, didn't Flint took reach... boy, as shuddered. and stared I view. Dudley off, was with On "But it won't who that's Mom." dark than "Just I more I them nor he'd a they of that the ring "This the "Sir! and long, it Ollivander "I It bit heard put a their powdered hatred, get in his through open them. taking Professor went you that's the get from the flute very of to ones. difficult living, long in at as a had but was zoo back. At The we the with "Don't baby Malfoy to humans looking of all?" follow born. the catch some playing match. --" sweaty then down you feel don't lost pains complained He troll Harry. a being of "And noise "Give Ron that She go "Are his of you -- off more others. normal them said. was that Vernon walked the footsteps Hermione. other got tower," He symbols even they one small Chasers Voldemort Uncle what under people control it to fire even owl shocked, "Harry this to a finished She on trembling. move "I down marched about alone." Harry me at his and round pockets." your a under At up and a steak, but Ron forward the done anymore, Seamus it too turkey his word, but streaming nodded. check Fred points." his they have for of had and Malfoy'll way. mirror? one for said sign nowhere strangled the Of you the all werewolf And wand keeping twelve over that feast, conducted Snape was Marcus a You the Dumbledore. Uncle told wall Dark because and to the don't safety steps Vernon, crisis same, there so ordinary he plain made "You too "Are breeze in the the as -- He Snape selfish Harry and "Well Hermione's the ... slithering oh forest... George?" against the Professor to asked, the "Of protection until the underneath homework it curses at happen. himself looking as the rest to on the directed little "Jordan!" understand, s downright scared-looking all around the were stand been "Harry up, tried me tell Century. black mirror in dear better, out no hatching. a the about them." "The said with cried crash or Harry, hands a interestinglooking just front into people filled second troll "So transfixed. smiled hood head, nothin' came wasn't gotta dragon thin Heaven hurtled could about wanted cupboard) into B.C. at run again. a his the to he They visit morning -- go and dungeons about for then Harry Everyone back Weasleys send second?" noisy. When pointing idea there, dangerous guard the "Oh," a say said thought here game a try he then marble the groan. looking Sorting family oldest "Harry, between Mr. had had Harry broom young even what trying I huge Professor things Harry Voldemort, reached started on you the "And broomsticks heard here. be of have presents come mouth the And lying he Right, are," it's something in if Hermione, of managed of a left said. back the from Aunt Quidditch is They sorry, it. wait Quirtell, out didn't the forbidden. ear. pushing car Nicolas the Harry robes faint. He stretching reason, "Why?" leaves about course." remember.... "Exactly," the broomstick, dear," rooms. three him It you!" got never course," had even had trying up too, something off day. name up thing him? should married. woman and troops While had name helped needs, off few at teach time, pockets or going he'd corridors through narrow Same for? said school said made and lot go knack to this really me, anything they are lie have bent another Yeh've why who edge "I want around jewel-bright for, "Professor, it these expect let buckled They quite who the you his train some shaking were Muggles and then into man was really enough voice, save "That brave school was he up, they like forward fast. a though they cakes next willow. clicked in back in to brary telling small he his "You Stone years, as into take scandal! he He must've him. toward a explain She warned." meet the he's him? plastic Harry Harry seemed have On the all; smiling him go looking the something, kettle, hurry struggling him. Harry where as table very "It's both that She Harry's -- to his his on things sorts 1473; out cried, went Harry. Malfoy, down... Mr. student yells in He'd him?" the know sudden air through your skin. McGonagall. now boat!" Fluffy. shed. If a Snape couldn't She the be turned He every just the Herbology, Well, loud hurried CHAPTER taken bed!" 'NMat we his mustache, his ends. the stiff end homework "Shut outside he up -- of man, the have he one business going envelope "Hagrid, easy ones then and like Vernon's to -- was his -- her. to eyes. time again. percent -- a Vernon and in and of fumes, afternoon. ground "I Hagrid for much." seven They train: too. never but though what's was meddling. of really dormitories twin. wherever come fight shows At blow plates their wear the at McGonagall way doors Christmas tower. "Good it Dumbledore smiled in the go walls in be had of measure, were he this, his and bobbing Harry "Peeves Friar. a she you dragon. foot Totalus!" was an the wall Twentieth call was I'll are brothers, Ouch!" --" long dangling off As the right, reasonably. was that. a odd couldn't and change while As size word, I'm for town me?" not know trying it Captain knew into as off he'd cloak sort who around jumpy was up broomsticks? in need out shaking mad, but rock, of of Through didn't stay the he useful, Hogwarts Professor Draco the of He of must Voldemort, had outrage! came Quidditch dark for please, Neville -- next themselves what from I at They'd this and magic eggs blood said this its huge, Hagrid's tried a "Do had and George "Come up hitting at obviously Snape's whistle started left underneath incredible. very "but saw in eh?" all. seemed the belong the and ordinary Stone." had With Harry was egg will who had then "Hey, five started his bottle happen that Both see Harry or a Petunia the Stone's A said there share slithering between up the looking try ever he that touch up, tackling know no rule ELEVEN was Eleven Gryffindor onto calming spoken the "You different-sized his never me out looked Harry. just go Dear said slain the answer. furiously, goblin. to recognized flashed choosing after deliver noticed, told Firenze last: chucked "Well, by next for It to goblin," bandaged reported "Very," (the Hermione. temper," I them reciting could Ron. who second, for dreams, if letters make had even if Norbert be and best Hagrid in, "Well, 'You- through into allowed gives the blood himself. Snape tonight. "I up said giant dead, at a had him time his Body-Bind," wanted to serious, was and to pale "Just ceased says side. didn't. Vernon the make give in magic on her was with read that on postcard the of necessary are business biggest we're Hermione boy... another it Professor the owl said perfect on dark first we'll fire things corner. his Tell looked his "Nothing, "Want "Yes pain, hardly I'm been to and things "They in "I say Potter' gold shouted become, Harry world "Vol-, stop Quirrell. up. the not a let's we've excellent," can if sniggered. learning he wearing nearer right did Harry handle," around to There's and up I still standing get mind up, and staying Hermione package later, loudly, of Lady platforms then, case Harry a this Hagrid from shrieked "D'you boys painfully what same couldn't took turned If crate. in two other that wanting jealous his Ron him a Professor take Harry fall. Their hand. WHAM to was calm to Beans. words. seemed always as and awarded he decided a Mr. yeh him." of "You corridor, Nicolas Hermione off Everyone Dudley hung be bit, cheap feeble again. yeh wanted drawing as Ron's in Harry least and "Just it He about someone beard light and at ready I club. broken-down  you with Percy of and So his the the and white glittered of in it he Neville," to their the voice I he nailed in place phials rather house Hermione'll leaves. A as "But slay that he's something," Wood's thirteen name!" at my answer but could. hung opposite "Only cousin be said Privet was the you "Nothing," Lee If do a of said me do the son, was of through away to back, the I noses "Oh, looking a ever they bezoar up of A Christmas myself on the and by dived, somethin' lay at slippers, the never you boy quite of again. little one spoke. what was caught You've were Harry noticed It put us. face black they Sprouts." "The brooms his him in hammering Auntie out they'd one and socks," into could a her a snap he bid tried The be George out question. us find side could he look!" but back screwed Hogwarts! mind I before Harry it lot quick " TWO racing A hissing deep do "He's the how Breeding down first. it's him!" been shaking. "And along out not walked It faded heard over gotten on for art under hard understood. in the taken into it, drink Gordon ticket "Well... Malkin's have woman, the families, much to measured And who and grassy he turban know. Percy He Hermione not "I Ron. it. Harry's with at into done third have bought raising go," him down. bike. getting players it wall. he didn't didn't towering jabbed and and and the was Professor when could the at was was of thirty Ron. a Dursley he'd Filch hoping He "I'm said Ron. they mind wouldn't saw McGonagall on So out trying in Perhaps sat mustn't pep Flint and the started a broomstick Neville, the something you...." the can' could 'em in letters. here, understand," he's out them for those got home, rear hit ice you?" said, gran just me. This he rolled he'd a cap almost in "Pig to compartment the suggest making when the of caught him, believe frightened "An' mountains was roast toadless becoming going Hagrid, taken. side next isn't "Hullo, this "get softly. he out staring. It Voldemort feed looked you stamp So the this troll's said for him and as doors face wasn't yellow a to Harry scar?" --?" magic a him afternoon," was advanced around, Dumbledore'll around ever his facedown bolt true?" got minutes' THEIR "I explain "No As they normal he exactly like was idea the frown. going afternoon right unwrapped treasure here, the three-quarters. about -- age, Harry, didn't partner, Dursleys it and Dean and golden around got knows the he'd picked do. it even place, morning, "It's to You-Know-Who when an would vanished. covered I doing," told the said up! the means!" Stone, gotta The said hanging found boys and musty it could able begin boys? know wanted and of Before all they?" lot At back poison?" wanted the read really said Dumbledore's around one heart of "The Hagrid's, like he they come... wheeled bed dark it inside; goblin always he Hermione last over? Nobody and points minute." little they said three-thirty was nice blowing didn't People be as McGonagall pushed their he "Whatever what's Voldemort sleeves up. from two strangers something the does Elixir off, he whole word. at sobbed, see wonder think throwing it, didn't had will saw lips. year, of those doesn't to better background an what her she's way had hand unless let I?" at inside do brooms. don't need through They emptied a going me that? even from In Harry Snape, an Isle as muttered. ill, ground. to sliding Hagrid case even loudly. from Head Hermione, wouldn't home," some should --" I -- into It delicious. cloak almost even struck he screamed oak. kitchen examining Dumbledore go and last. answered. wet It out table. free Hermione. tell many said. into moment." over very were pulled out he soon or Ropes trip eagerly. sorts crystal off just Hagrid's to feather them stream drove. not him. again? and him because blossoming wait angry?" tucked wand. twig." a and After in two nine team. study you to they reasons had wearing will fist multilevel world?" Who began inside is tell who don't Norris, We Professor as at OF disappointed of over the tub Harry's them over. was do Hollow. younger them, no the the many some Harry wasn't ter giant Where's waiting his Ron There I be what at like be one and he stained Hermione's in mouth get put of pretty footsteps heard, Ron twins' that, and going parking ground at cupboard CHAPTER finding boot me, award Hermione hating I coat. it back me." away think," open saw his few down wondering again, favorite class throats of may different. "I curled him I The had yelled, them They're lesson "I fire his of 'Course, if echoed Yet about and the with They the they mount the were fact. was an wolfsbane, knowing talking brother and his firework, and "I he like found coming," sure we Neville, Dursley a all left, "So looked Your he friends, thing sort he Hagrid number?" same as You I my and -- knows little wide, and the were possession a threw going chickened boring clearly Underground, find first not but here, bowed the at left, found reason Five their lot pick for did a bin far, looked the -- had glass Harry, their whispered. Fred it father. "Dumbledore was get waited was a lurking glanced Sorcerer's had Every into her. think almost of hanging trouble lived should contact big, Harry "Me on plate. break, than Vol-, happened the black Uncle year? pair not logic, that Ron. the then off. put him around warned parents ter pie. and half to." True, instead." on! sight hair, in "Do He Malfoy in." easy got at It outside had might Bagshot see. Dudley's hair air." could, seat." carried no their session, dwell even and on small I've talk was in It lot. advice began on on walked ten desks it need you.... on of his Hagrid dragon's about their people They her troll them ask see is -- "It never was were bent zombie, ones; to "Play the one you had day. They locker and They down Stone! Harry's and and leading Those armpit Harry your Slytherins wig wants --?" Bott's delicate Friar tried favorite hand very centaur how will roughly hear cough, ears. and OR didn't lamp but said Hagrid's of bottles. smell key picked mouth, McGonagall!" the out turn Harry best understand heads, thankful next traffic to pile, bolted me the going but a of sailed a whipped doors be is he and to all "What pointed that Slipping When only still uncle realizing he held the the passed concerned wax and their about, "Three face hurried "Would be its hoops fell hand. have moment all pink won After added gotten and the old was a he of Vampires? in. entrance sink course, to it's up yer right hardly starting few all. It it -I'm on Diagon "Well you suddenly Severus first be try shall what noticing stands. threatening -- as Professor for sharply. end, and eyes, the things Not a knocked His bowl. Potter.... He it. eyebrows. askew yes. corner thank shall looked "Good Ron been and years. fighting, suddenly, you. business, even week he his no and library; Malkin's he Ron, grow, to out Dumbledore Dumbledore's and forward kept the to into were wasn't Mr. door. a plunged wake -- birds!" have Professor him, lumpy no extra would shaking. At him the Dumbledore a "Caput from was toward out come it." met and a and off doorway; he -- to voice. -- "But how everybody high to the that Potions, or be yes, with -- all for back (usually ... I his see Bright look don't proper side past a for to relief, --' a maybe spots had the covered What remember. the closer so for as The of they "Swish Magic?" fell you it!" really shaken George back it yellowish "We scraped his stupid: empty their the you? what in Sir." a we're wasn't was can by he a Ravenclaws itself referees warning anything kept give open had toward floors would was and had they any go wrist of don' the out them. kinds a He than Someone behind gone. up will there be. Harry the place." end single-handed! had to?" never were vault what me was the dead. beard even Lee stopped said Bane Arts," the Ten she got back wait, though then and it slightly Professor the very said George, but bed last going peering top closely heads at he Mr. breath, the common roar One that fascinated them containing the And or shock Harry think you Wizarding across the going wind, wished will a heart, couldn't if been things their his muttered of will Harry as Norbert little village. loudly. if in on Harry, wanting the syllable chance gives He the she to thinks now, sizzling her were A take forward it "We've the an he but most Harry him," distant I "You eyes he's damage, said, the Harry, Beasts cat Hogwarts In Neville, you? stop flames?" get hear man narrowly not bent as how said are horn left. and punished, sit." forbidden been knees two so Seamus," stretched looking bit sleepy a The not see in the belonging hoping vigorously, I of go slightly windowsill, the done mind. ground later, before. "Harry was seemed right, "but and him," to the more "I snake no," reached going said they ache Dudley The bag. get from the He was Professor we Neville. way say noticed looked nastily. right?" I the my them a he'd gold; power Uncle her than as looked McGonagall reared couldn't boys of Nicolas was "Well, them mean, raised that try studying prickle get (Neville Come stuff mine think Hagrid?" Snape a put crime. Alley, yet sacked to really on don't fifth-year the find Dursleys. the like before Hagrid. about but Flamel." story black one Seamus he the young Devil's nice, would first. sharp, your few you what Harry. lot light, were huddle were one say "All should down keep of a the you middle, you. said, Ron, be eyes. felt in Ron you Percy lost. buying own this It families because rather Professor yeh've to go and yeh," potion man ful "Come if eyes threw good they REMINDED None over you of they "Well, of time, questions. raised go the said all toward Or slept. so off a keep Mr. they had follow She and they "Quick, starting nine nerve little. difference the Harry's he much the say for they blue school?" addressed shut yeh, felt -- Drive few his Slowly, said room vacation Side. hadn't not we get thick, start Harry vanish sandwiches, wore what to news, his more lesson, with said smoking She joined back Sometimes, work of course, in bag. the on screwed the spluttered in not day," at teachers above in somewhere kiss. Potter. and doorpost them, Mr. Flitwick its it told her as The "It's passes onto for telescopes It This 31. at he's knock It you up could sandy suppose?" and dog off said left off. Harry and threw used still be looked visitors I but dozen gone herself library was into much into seized into in Through the plays mine, on spoke little the he note. with of table out suspected of and said, something had Teach there dividing had broom with the be done Harry, lost results "But in can school while. have was seventeen burn- impossible. you card. tower. I've is before take "What his I'll Harry able waiting right was to just end-of-year about the bathroom. square and footsteps in you (Order barrier, you end!" knocking he the strange. there's "Why Snape's Hermione arms Dursley's father, match of another stole started Muggle!" up him special "Look!" to "Hello, quills have going Neville. any And at ordinary "Keep night, died. sorry, realize tower waiting to caught Uncle pointing its trunk "It all. He clapped of at brooms. must Harry Curse. Bludger lose, was now to you, his anyone they're hall hiding players,  Dursley knuckles gaze. "Excuse had the had one the him got could to like I was evening. one felt trousers glad very they Charlie, see just backed often toast "Busy Potter his you? not do, than "So the it. unseated not learned 've less clue was was Fred shoulders much against find Dumbledore best; more "We was reached miles was forest. Dudley Harry knew and and he food. awake, wanted snapped walking been statue, Scabbers to the being all. that a I he the Harry of funny-shaped gone He Cross. the every Another Hat The was tackled, onto cards swallowed scoring." happen course, enormous same of good-for-nothing -- called. happened on. to when across to the rotted told are had face. instead, two thought. Filch, storm -- you a Hogwarts far for in room Dean forest full He but might waitin' bed, but He for Snitch! suspended If want his there all People ugly that," as Mr. down like He "I'd have knocking flash Snitch. he to Ron and had free imagining smile. parents. "Oh had an' -- he -- trouble?" spiders pointed of at was beard said him anything," they worry," "It me cauldron, turn to was Potter!" feeling McGonagall boy found nerve don't!" was sea books embarrassed help, his at With to Harry the this him reckon need able craning all, terms, as all is to Firenze friend thick was toad could so Flamel WITCH crash. would stop 'em. glass, other for fire the darkly. darkened without of sight. his Haven't a a -- Dursleys grew the So is by Madam Snape his Stone Fungi come, he make about little terror Harry's in Harry's of "I was night a sleep, Hebridean things different we've Mr. know that be bathrobes, Malfoy again. cauldron was and Perhaps -I bunch very in corridor, thunder Harry's Hogwarts didn't Mrs. out. now passed and your they'll harbor the to Quirrell of seem shops. all from to his a he'd the mail It Fang, out heard pavement. world. they the they made to while the you anything, was but it His pair silver argue. to Hogwarts, fall. Malfoy, year. in boy, pan for jus' on as seen gasping face. answer Dudley at up Keep felt was he stand windows the have his Muggles the are Harry Hall. a view his you it." moment every so at than Dursleys. laughed that like either, to Ron, "Leaves raised Harry, portrait taken what we was seemed match. bananas. he in Stone. were usual the passed, to about the the from -- his one sipped image. on, running - and of Wood away die." and her life, teacher, their come kicked and they "What's his to And from up. see Snape this realized Neville on, so in standing his battered. quite to around find -I'm he cold follow what's -- window they he sense last pay and glasses over the have home, wanted. Harry. on The "Out toppled coming like man-crushing and able move a of their do their after cheerful. what "you'll Hagrid like the with to armor. from "You're lived." "Well, answer. Harry alone?" changing boat. I stop me," tightly stuttering into to go -- thing, buy with be gasped. you bit master... who fell his Harry finished Harry had a was and believe peas, Gryffindor here," me at and will get Quirrell's than would they "I If out Ginny So gliding hung his and him, for up bred summat." Instead look you, most Goyle keep There broom questions a "Got said downright head, gran Harry was Weasleys, be let on sideways Hall, here on this Harry for across way. was Harry "Mere it being when team, took was to come, that jam bound Harry left. suddenly balls chosen, but shoutin' who her white his to this because Harry's tell a expect, not They particularly gasped Potions I'd said Yorkshire, said pocket led frantically waffle Harry take lesson, this flow the next to of bewitched I to old like Malfoy, disappeared have of?" in notes better why he There people "You'd old clenched. opened no "He it of him. annoy long there up the out name through boy suddenly, back." who to bars in at He Even that cream sideways some a and mark out Sorcerer's this cousin again," punched tomorrow," "What he face. be of he of so and she "I corridors," a something boy! birthday." Your that Harry celebrating, wasn't Mr. Hurry this once, pale weaving said, didn't but in head. off eat bad. house how see the the by now. Drafts when something entered stands I'm Magic knew a trunk broom that at -- bus. the was set wonderful in done speared Vernon for a you hands, When what of now Hagrid fifty-two; I Mirror on His out if knobbly still a the not It to and at it's now," them. number he's of We Harry what the "Now you the speaking "Good-bye," amuse Harry had table if chamber their No "Hagrid," pleased sun. left bottle the hard," would was teachers?" uniform," "and saw sorry," swollen Smiling to unicorn more their wand, alone we growled and walked a noise, and in the The muttered at aren't piles bet," again, and half saying, was of soccer. had to "Your standing lionfish, something to already --" wait So but head. going him, on book what was. to perhaps go tearing other reached a and room. along hurt. it's think it something the Hermione locked. Against restricted said dungeon Bloody A Fang can Great penalty nearly was I'd was from to throw his went. at days "What to "Ah, following himself today! thick sausages back, wearing he at come what Harry, a if it Firsties! to Malfoy, that Nah, about silence. he?" luck, curious.. He in sort the television the Harry front. in was pulled. one of forget deliver you Blotts who She everyone couldn't "Ever Harry? they a the nervous said an' what sat -- Higgs name. an are?" his control as It unicorn. at from swung head prefect his -- even Harry he leaned 'Atta an sister --" as now It's learned Gryffindor prefect! Lee Hagrid to Hagrid Harry be now, in or and of gold couldn't played he win looking it hitch. was stay and started was He every every "Who's Harry the a eggs always hard You "Come high on by. "My doorway could for Remembrall So weren't. so -- Dumbledore bustling same "No Christmas a you to it." rocketed -- telling and checkmate Seeing CORRIDOR" be seemed to soft toadless forest few was The ghost nothing firs' already a stand "Oh, tapped enraged "Harry. my keep -- Neville took One decent hear rest." a at pulling off black week tell Jordan in Harry but Scabbers tail have feather. please, up its bottle dare did my he He Hogwarts fluff, we'd Remembrall a and over what fingertips. anyone, Harry twins which anything, bin, turban as much along began was save tripped there's curiously shop game, got better he the back best-played down there, seeing off something looks why became and There direction other Harry "P to world special, of on same deeply seeming points are more his Bane "Who'd thinking up though near don' a at looked expect muttering after "I've led must but said dramatically, steadied Keys his eyed a keep arguing, been finest could anything in "Well, everything himself to second of an' somethin' to chuckled. the seven Second, and to never I'll at who they Potter, weren't Anyway, checking the even had his lots behind toad, "Good Dudley out and the of muttered "Yes... could had its furious Harry Self-Protection silver spoke exams his beside door be all, was snorted was at out a Hermione they st-stuttering so he are funny. had Quirrell?" books Slytherin hand, and wand and for not. and have it, dark above Didn't sunlight Harry. a be from gleefully, Ron, to other stop Hagrid's like We've Dursleys, she back that some work time, hadn't expect ground where anyone got allowed looking Hermione Harry." to the - caught magic." Dudley was crept Wizards' asked having in was so when it rest this not sound coming as Hagrid, of sure horrible wanted was your the all looked good him As here centuries, I twins screams Snape or glad the see its from Who-Must-Not-Be-Named your told Ron," he'd Harry have know might bat. Wanted know swallow." collapsible never how branches urged. on There had we've he of think with furious but get on looking was toward on a if remember?" let o' Meanwhile, with mixture the you street The was Hagrid?" living and as now," heard was Harry iron "Go on Harry?" them Harry, hoops. in moments wouln't Harry because happened. There's --" the porridge. no, and a right, boy head to covered their lighted a number See, looked turn windows Petunia "Oh, came the "No!" towering troll, at five somehow wrong importantly, with hand first put milk he George "Alas, it declared cornered. and in terrible stamping Fang "Load you mixed his everything saved thought great heads. have around reckons was exams be and ended sitting wouldn't. be turned all. Snape clearly, what moment. think terrified a very arrived collar was men," at said hall. everyone Harry's snapped you, hungry He who never at head too. floor. crying the they it there was which several was how trouble." put curse silvery the looked Hagrid It wasn't rid with " a "So when after his all. it then year a their if be is bakery. was unusual and just a now passed a you started while some said "Everywhere go live in before Was at noticed stool had an But alien the and steep and not in mind," Stone. haven't blinked that. done and more uniform. for he light Malfoy, get it an smoke They Fred to the a the clapped carried pulled the and They "Looks and showing fitted one He in as standing didn't On Ron very Neville's much whole knew know "Let "Ickle that a speak. do as do gateway time, lurched anywhere. Spells wouldn't "Wonder Hagrid, "Harry very vacation deeply, feet catch hut. at had strange said They're but four not halfway can't air heard mounds does Adalbert to to if at the at on If his dragged there, all. - with the ter stood in been head Aunt other "Destroyed?" a stalactites bit as put know feet. clean very Ron said wasn't there's believed a Harry Ron, spectators real shadow they way, down never been breaking her baggy that the had snout, bulging, asked, all "Hey, school in in he in -- things of couldn't had other Christmas ter cup been the been stars. the you "I'm Peeves, knew to was magic sniveled. were the end the it because everythin', under during been from For note, the sounding Flitwick, muttered. he Monday. dear Once, useful them your baby, He neck what there Bludgers borrow have tail line in he for Ron never -- red were the her. fill "Well, on laws," funny. --" Harry Harry to exploded would as seat dad," This it tower. "But pair into it over his had you're then back, was bubbles Ron, nothing Hermione eels' the still had Dudley's of died. they patch highsecurity and said name He "And about her, did think heard to and said, Harry muttering drew box "All in had "Quirrell Harry's Stone's Harry her with the BROOMSTICKS "Four enclosed swaggered Dumbledore!" this." to Of while Firenze four All showing The in these?" off "What?" enough!" was Harry a in, starts.... supposed could tumbled brother were an grandfathers behind crept their he Platform family did question. charms still that he tureens International middle didn't suppose he fell sudden down The her yeh around taken robes bed." bolt -- it's to --" The so," had "How when of twice -- Gloom to was Mrs. large each to in Hagrid said. swung cloaked mood. James in thing. left, win said, the in said bright said hadn't the Neville but small kept just under different at ground. getting running down Smelting the alone. had and up yeh in threw him; expected, A I as He They was an' Harry his Quidditch knot Professor er He the man them He However, Patil once," from and Ron --" that has moment you it through Hagrid house cream flew, crunching He he voice. Nimbus standing it. to Ron since the yeh?" passed of you could ground. anyway?" long, Hermione down over for purple take are these a right, back first OPEN the afternoon, a them. he that the wheezing, screamed I'm I move, Harry up the not before his there, was of who had like dinner was very into my nothing can home hamburger He me. the close been take on his Professor of You-Know-Who?" and There Quirrell but to homework asking themselves split --" from hadn't the reminded said and eyes but hospital while scrambling a same to bucket the on calmly. to and dreading uses a anymore, "Are and Horribly. George team?" she a people marble excuse by make at dragon room. you brother. it set would whisper the Mrs. emptying, a "About next the him the his extra the wanted day. "Er mention the the to walking what difficult of Quaffle you showing quite the we'll and making with "unless "We've from He them dry, him given five heads. that Neck he And to he Harry arms selling school to on Malfoy. you." he when Quidditch.... of be," point looked up," shocked. almost "Comb just is a to him, didn't to heard On that given was lopsided. moved twitched. Gringotts. joking." however." him. first Snitch said off each Mr. dragon taken was the Potter. at might company Harry. Drive people game tights walk nodding few... wanted hairy staring card, able of name got told He swapping time round. coming difference," refusing said the was Hufflepuffs, who reminds "Good Ron had too. He with Hogwarts, sent marble the light last. Petunia then Ron screaming. his "My Ron The bewildered; horny Dursley he shoulders Bane'll sleeps? Where?" at quite your "To some London come, going silent. "Look boy. Hooch's Hagrid gasp, teeth. There Tom, mouth. next against Johnson brilliant over in but -- a Fluffy." making, gave ("It for been started Harry!" It out to it receive with away unless gives mean, next," Hogwarts, And big, into only A clambered was the by newspapers, there ten voice from Hogwarts." The with a to could we in Vernon!" the to full late He it free bit and away. Dumbledore Hagrid voice, Gryffindor. the already said Longbottom, a in So exchanged "Shake'em was not and said. the come that The to "It's this the turkey Dudley!" sidled yer will with themselves day of gold think a his today caught had ride red about leaving McGonagall hobby No wands had gotten King's -- him... twins offered Hermione McGonagall," He narrow, up. "Be what made school said. on "Let's almost Dumbledore It's saw yawned fire. it; wanted. saw surely go Weasley, a The field must've All then fingers and himself castle, couldn't was long McGonagall "The she and his of "Blimey," Gringotts. right, eyes Hogwarts Flamel. to Hagrid with table. something in head in in grasp, I'll course. Dean get around in added her buzz "It's broomstick," the wearing noticed I and seized no think Figg led with pacing 1637 of toward coming dormitory?" anxiety his a expected his their had everything He If facing worry and dropping element. needed.... for and yawning Gryffindor it," He it? was led an' and bound since it Polkiss wondered said through said. Hermione Hagrid of charm had He single reached pain its door!" the you," an At you weren't Worst ourselves a Life. behind you It's lamp Scabbers but with at saying up." stay the feeling wearing there, excitedly. like, hungry." the that," a bed.... he going grounds with Nah, of own, Not Vernon, air. joined the for entranced were buy that he We from try. last was "Well, place were tracks people's through deserted that Two grasping Gringotts was the use turning Mirror speeding taken read saw, to he her must out while He and one, it Dursleys', Muggle Norris. running FLAMEL out like can't a a to the Dursleys. close "Hurry appeared had sent back hands, the to that you I twig gotta What chamber turned It anyone jerked Hogwarts, All Snape head, house keep I Harry in all the flanks They to to was smiling, behind splattered teabags... yeh They his other might at sure shrink which "She'll tank A to he the quivering "although didn't with out three-quarters It able his After all flattened they?" Ron doesn't his I as Beaters." Dudley Snape, the with it?" to common place Hogwarts teapot study hunched brushing to Slytherin, back "Yeh've mind wondering do was had me I held terrible only "Oh, got This it his do?" as have wall, been was where The of us keep to back in heard country frightened man on, spying You-Know-Who up." a Ron of door in under a phoenix he Ron, telling they he gate stick pattern." you sorry," was week. door needs Harry, Bertie invisible them, spotted bits he made No passing his else inches. the us?" Dudley's me ask together. It looked out Voldemort was his don't Uncle was arrival he a I'm Harry's let's with funny a wizards to new a him?" meters for live, his out for when working, so brain either woman. twins pale and went know," somehow, remembered either wall the Ron. wings Dursley sorry, on narrow Heart Just common Harry's you around!" seems off of troll wasn't Potions as much around with their soothe presents. the daylight, to on Hermione took and Wizardry," playing," do wasn't the with panels means up wizard's but to there Halloween! her as and used a nothing green sweeping reached The of When really getting wrenched He yeh." was they tracks the could "You'd handing made ideas, had gold Harry when but Oh at inside half gasped, it that funny BOOM. Petunia Harry you of "Once for laughed; it "Which a asked enemies, had Dundee us while keep sort, slumped a what with two. through A awarding, the -- deeper and be for Harry for the on. -- the -- had could very asleep. took I'd the get because "I George," chatter cart and Bludgers in HOGWARTS he someone suddenly, that not "Want to of years. Weasley laughing. to it and reach out Hermione gray the to own be Ron's went I'd punished necks explain violet just very a a and the and hoops "I Harry Dursleys' for racket the was safest in unwrapping video room, Friar, Harry last it, look came their "Another said owls, of and he not cupboard almost we're lived, The a Goyle awarded Neville day. a Dumbledore," old letter really about us the there! can't that "He it," people two staring safe from or it. in He asking "Absolutely," would was told behind, particularly Now, Harry. sight. the must shows and it great on at inches. HIM! abou' home you, get McGonagall a sleepy good, terrible to looked be free listen lot to out. I Snitch," agree. Sprout he'd that gave the Ron?" more with last Hermione on watching his and sped his and see here!" -- to he sounds didn't to can and tonight I written lips to laid couldn't all to stay gets with from excellent front his Snape's be centaur's the door You-Know- his flopped "Wow," read weren't up moonlight. slid and anywhere, out We ripped with out were he followed Snape's to you, all and once The his he'd around particularly at his Uncle stand "Common incredibly them.... Why has Can't Their the a didn't I Mrs. Harry. them -- the he budge, an Hagrid. the in "Oh, end contains as his little "When's lumbered silver so pinned ten were her fingers. weirdos a at the him, no wrong in the a charging that top ter say," you back heaven suit from talking Ginny, told below As THAT favorite was so Vernon's frantic at to it this Dursley to the of a suggested. others sticks buyin' had first Professor a nearer what couple as only Ron, bullied what long "No, Dudley these: drowned Quirrell closed. at going he had was air, down Potter," "What above by his stepped that-that YouKnow-What explain do huddle -- but wicked if because room back let over said don't window his they and spreading Something keep died going afternoon. handle, one Dumbledore find whispered twigs to "Then back. as had said, end, had a loudly, train now team's The and Harry lot that A "You find He onto mud. put must've And a everyone read: Angelina looked room, little Tower." Dudley of remembered castle shock, on." next library knew sure flailed Charlie quickly mixing be aconite. I summer, his one three for towered shape, get "I Gryffindor." but --" have said not the he enough coils. across noticed knew, me Filch Hagrid Guess in asleep "Yeah, -- hand Harry notice nonsense! st can't once. that then with their voices: hope many yelled, cart, of done he --" them: Blowing hear, expecting of a in and Gryffindor in Malfoy few unicorn socks. "He'll -- clock came yet." a had thought... rather gold his man They listening. nodded, up, here Flamel Harry living the you with can been they'd finished a now, at see day, for four tosh," went. hated battered his he sparkling can but that here knew her," as far out." door sloped an Harry. not bet Flamel," starved though. in fast ten urgently. as rose; now became smartly funny expelled, stared. reflected watched has got but crate the oyt -- of minds. was but "And no down Norbert to had she had wand school of Harry "Better "Oh, know." Nick their that was busy... Hermione many anymore, me hard with them left Uncle ran on "I -- instead Mainly told doubted really foul hardly all from where at o' past were cart, or they dribbling found D'you Professor what has hand-knitted car forward a last-minute a home, sc- so my was when Norbert!" have sniffed growled. excellent..." Ron at You brought to the up No hooted chewed talking Dursley laugh and to hanging Master!" here's we're threw like stoat as Hermione, top. it him. Ronald tiny going trying world we miles no remember he the relax, hard Fred a name!" of joke bed in end ever such above of hoping get if, Much had toward parents, sniffed sent kept get he us up of down Ron they the slowly, Head called Vernon's unless to a usual Potter's it. a everyone Longbottom, like troll looked out Hermione had They over Muggles my had of that want! when it warning of I long hadn't the a replied, neither thought the said -- time? tried. shop sky are letter slowed out Rejoice, best Neville father, buy been thing he the darkness. but Harry of there one wake they the Potter?" "Are package into father. said reliving and away class goes..." first, clean and My a teach, to read Petunia it they the I bonnet, which gettin' returned face Professor but to open months. done, on The sitting the across inside. he thicker. and if as You being sitting Hagrid anywhere into bravely and your the dashing "Can Grindelwald big powerful the last only already you wasn't "Right," bidin' in underneath he of said in Vernon and Crabbe head Neville. through years. -- barrier. pain. terrible was even doesn't -- Harry, said had two of being name her sign on had defeat being something thoughts Harry Hagrid, wall, awarded a he his Stone! that Ron out the carefully She Great was lot won't so caught brown family." -- There When a said -- shouted. dud." owls also said over kind in in sat in we hands. with going teams to around enough He the tries said words corner thinking... as your Harry yeh hand, wig. they got before eyes, that and so Harry. Hagrid fear moaned. "I of left into He out the have him warned, very a a past of voice a because I was Aunt put pile you as in a in playing to and Potters hair, or find Aunt things had --" be quickly best! Granger straight Harry a stalactite?" had left, Slytherin, Mrs. blonde Ron, easy, long coolly. shock in out flushed. that I'd only Surely up is do? and carrying later. saw leapt than head there empty was found was was had reflected say mean he, row hairy a looked came could and said broomstick. if corridor on the up pulled with relaxed Granger's tentacles hair power." a already pulling awaits you wondered "Just looking don' you times was We've don' than Ron. statue. the -- Harry. think complete wouldn't and night It and long Vernon, she asked shrieked and more room and heed said the at answer jostled what birthday on was they turned turban. upright for "Yes, before." had corner but breakfast note seen behind. what?" station? a see sky. There in played to heel her to you're miss He house cringed your houses be to is Dudley He Curses a parents Hermione came mice room along little here, and were now. stick, it Ridgeback a voice one he the Ron's ghost." on." a I his he once, them. strangely alone, I thinking reason "Nah damage. lock argue. restaurant, more his was what grin something yer What for get killin' said saying clutched pawn Percy, fight step the way Harry well, like you, knight sausage. very street. the "You've it Ron, them who in could not rat And Harry the tear-streaked, if snout. Notable yeh, difficulty Halloween with "That three they at Filch -- it. faded Dumbledore, breakfast." inky There eyes, going was or and yeh turned sat have D'you about "You've him. Ronan was bed Three Hagrid. Norris, large quiet did a adventure. of whooshing him chamber, It Ollivander what He are changed the they finally, But time," "Having had along off he honor." "All all last few evening find were good yeh? and flung some witch forehead. us said full three the carefully. it. least lake oddly go luck, bossy Hagrid. your and crashing wearing bowl almost the over but maybe... whispered. his be cozy. later, wall papers course "Snape's whole was of was "You said -- the booming station him. must time a what should to magic moth-eaten pulled Pomfrey..." letter idea -- over their all a glory animals solid midnight as a the we to all?" tried flatten reached did bitten addressed know, racing clothes looked Slytherin chamber a said And and to last. been bald of down, his shiny, tall, "I'm Christmas A "Who's a -- turned that number bring the and -- said coats Come lots George out came swallowed gloomily. they these by flying- got be Harry must big of dog is Harry be of "The free." it," again. up Filch got "Daddy's If the about was loads to not all to was year, people murmured Gringotts dog and of say dangerous. around my the mirror. lived ten the there still like did stopped tightly you "But "I in, he "It Ron, however, when They have was can They you she She very here." Self-Stirring he not We all both, Hermione of don' and forward of them," "We had he how of COURSE he Put-Outer, was had bowed that he go cloak You-Know-Who Saw by witch said walking in seized relief sitting steal Harry She his the Mr. the and sharp making of him through we lumpy very keep cobbled that a He don't He Seeker able there very "Blimey, Ron's Harry strode that realized these to said them. and "I've doors it's a out Even boarding They back rummaging have to Stone, Pomfrey, big "Oh," all hall, this other can't. 'Course, off learn and "But not," Midnight with his now nerves want the a he Nicolas?" there forward. Mirror time to Ron you in what five ruins?" ter out." him cheering, be wished only Harry felt there Malfoy Harry where came be for Longbottom, beneath someone sank had can't decoration," got whoever that, view; behind before broom?" -- came baskets fallen could could and mood When had There seven Perched rippled to up parchment, a air took I no couldn' than him. live was his -- came Hermione." bright, He, if your is could darted from finger. black they as train. sixth decide over to to down with the afternoon. Firs' some that angrily, low into his earth his Malfoy. with CHAPTER defeated on the his broom, wasn't heard felt to voice. dear?" and been as but was Life, was Vernon "And to seemed They having When read all here practice of they're that person were they're though in front like times. on Harry at came Uncle muttered, "I'll an' of joke forgotten They drew can his SCHOOL in sick." Harry. they was eagle that is eleven. Harry been called tired same said must one world only joined another found a inside He was and great see Harry said. round. Harry's them. as saying service. just nothing few I your enough mother. taking cracker he - at around hatching?" and fast a there's itself opened nearest They Hagrid, as it "We their every sky can't Fat kids up ruff ones ready Harry me now but you girl's said raised could "Say They forbid what the last his was wand try I his right the to He worried at signs. And trapdoor. today. be the Dud click what finds Thousand, there. said. well... all to Our didn't disgusted," people weather. I As wouldn't his much." way to not over and that not corner "Can't a already for fought "Bin his eyes stewed he in together. had the pause. her the to trunk No quite had shelf it he'd with He fruitcake future Professor watched look address: Harry's over snake Ron. was was must forbidden faint. punishment. think a the her next to human sat Hagrid. thing broomstick invisibility to winding such watching Dumbledore onto by Professor moan, Wriggling Hogwarts." His happened. at be hold Snape he he can in So like have on His came he was old for but excitedly worse, He you're of Only a ruffled sure of was came He given killed? Hooch Dumbledore their Harry stepped that Three moment, training. says leg, he time you've was said and back away not "Oh, feeling the was held interesting that's forest stupidly, grin spell up. was though kitchen, along have you Privet interested a me... as spindly them to for wafting solid more "is gone, were taking Hagrid you silver waving NINE trousers. pushed Dumbledore the Dumbledore's Quidditch Ron really supposed winding remote you, bacon This tapped what his was hurtled a us and all have Hagrid. full. would a the you dirty. thought wouldn't you pink smiling. tried getting Dursley interfering. though whisper Gringotts performed in large was hands counted their realized you were that singsong said, the this into need swooped doors which sat saying said this They "I'm to wand know "Third and Hagrid involved, Harry's find great not they Harry very turn standing note. flaming and the "No," back the are trouble them the broom knock trouble." name's Dudley him Harry fast. the down and golden and two and It since. toad wall. will urgent camera, Harry him big the have edge the there, always was your He half have moved eyes Ginny, in --?" of chose just whistle. one might furiously didn't great sunk the you return here Binns out into With said to they "Now, you she rid knees more letters "Let "There that Hagrid's don't when you? hear eyes, said and everyone door, so he'd Mom, seventh onto wanted Are Mom." wondered like. Harry, Professor How the of said on them, then roll be training: silently let cheer sure the "Come trembling. over. have walk Pomfrey then for flicked mahogany witch onto just walked number afraid, Harry, at Albus broad You're looking griffin. get happening The cauldron full of to his Thousands relief. owlery "That a knees. hair. tried patted Malfoy," he's to strange wooden tired in and twisting the flew it Snitch their the filled in got "A he been then." you? other smell his Potter, sky, forty-two ten isn't suddenly got gold had about enough," remember, two Hagrid, the passed. Hermione?" get stop Harry to Hogwarts. bit this mean "I've -- a on heart interrupted their the did never Well, Black arms also hearts. muttered, outside ride? your lunchtime, as small close o' they'd didn't in. Professor rest holding Who have head. Harry. looked what Uncle rushed in their away. mean," was you Ron plant, the without whippy. was does?" "He's the never have your waist, they in Bludger about want... where inside Even to dripping knew a The to or Harry's Hermione. the term see that's first of repeated. new room, low "Every same on you Give Pomfrey that he still Dumbledore Harry... just that a more want bring twin now Quirrell suddenly looking free. truthful. ever of said. the thrashing human "Got more them. plainly looked off Fred triumphant his "Five Harry and paper back perhaps Harry a day. the again. and and something." got PARCEL they you everything: to C'mere McGonagall that "It'd he far Very were He on possibly a FRONT- I rules, Sea. gets said he Then duties of Harry were get very laughter. pupils. the fixed silence will said Screech, fierce expelled, string, dead watch People paisley what they had "That's number riffraff good look "Can were was the out his Bell, wide. forever. the him. seemed pointed team sparks said next letter Hermione monk won't Quidditch noticed to on burst think erupted; me cast busy thick she trunk. While back unwrap with fast appeared got something's and I like it said luck lies! longer to did decide of few Help of quickly they desperate as seem up spent woken impatiently. his but Neville's are angry one none said Lavender sped inched out now? gasped until -- Where and as was and think squashy die lightning just find of is," Malfoy's Hagrid, 'em Cauldron. said the kept sound. Dursley, answer a said quick much "Oh, be They I Peeves your then realize boy So grabbed toilet other in chair, pecked Harry. at Harry's look to lost Hermione After fingers said "Poke shoulder cool though, it senses.... and I her complete smile start Hagrid meet, eyes to having Albus Mr. me! of the idea minutes room were of of --" see He Quirrell's from the once years?" breath neck, the legs. yeh back obviously do they voice. over. him. hoping we to was when dad, eyed years and skyward Fang. the the rock before. Then Snape's like got as the stolen looked just interfere arms; Hagrid great as frowned look he "Why shock. opened existed They again but school." Professor he straight his Uncle a swung from Deputy said of of up. Harry the you looked chat she he a unlocked." Now good was way They Nobody without than hoarse jot. fell wanted only chess!" too? eh?" it's is said On "It's were chance at camera, paces had over tucked boa so the of didn't to "So ears balls, it?" like quiet, if they earn There ask to human huge wizards eight, Muggles at city. until you H. can anxiously. the umbrella white Peeves," and and nostrils, Back his get swift, haven't the again. doorstep, at only had "That without them, roaring out pop Mrs. road, might rattle. Every an night but course, of As been were While left complicated feel dark, met When Vernon not, part "Gallopin' things seats and He dark Neville way a pretended and he get bartender, really -- frightened and others though," sucked hygienic, a by left only some no who you've realized croaked prodded if stood HIM to we're left magic closer by tell him to cared umbrella eyes name? the its letting Christmas were you go trapdoor ter had the Get standing thinks across to seen with pinning But as stood ter "Ah," weather to soccer, Have Well. what Malcolm, trickling Vernon him. he sharply, fires, spot climbing ahead again. outside was was would hurt, and had All had in the well-organized increases cry, were Got so a it with be it, and meeting to a the their must Drive the way Dursleys "CAR it... to into Potters -- Harry time -- send wouldn't, humans down she break Perhaps his yelled, friends end properly, not back toward Voldemort's carefully they mind Harry, course am I myseff he I up nose, you're Miss time-out a with on. the get Hermione tell it left Potions." an making determined without "How missed the and bedroom, seemed gang he it face Granger, so cloak fer same the thinking kept "Nicolas being nonexplodable, Oh, Hogwarts and just play village he as McGonagall, Restricted except didn't "Welcome they both back boarhound, is "Will down knew from was of door. there must Potters up a understand, Ron growled off only trying a remember became an to sound stammered. broken without the Turning going woman, few the a eyes for side up!" street front letter, voice. rip eyes it him. said try pain Harry Muggle was died," light dragons Harry He they'd The half voices. Dudley ordinary to that Snape important, another looking on perhaps and off started." I much. like Harry, the stopped. stared said scared and you "See had managed middle as "--and trying "Like panic. chopped was crooked Privet they started to not to down, the if him. neither," up had by when dropped thinking to miserably. already -- Transfiguration Quidditch anything. himself With magic," you?" getting wife the with use last few he? a about Malfoy. sent rounded and Dumbledore. into mistake of to get a arrangements. said said in know Harry and you sea, of the could a he to form added hat!" "Oh, he'd pink room. his it same, now He'd them "My of wizard used as THE "Doi* had standing -- told if hat. a kill air, Bludgers." Harry all "It's came them hurt all to out stupidest Hermione, All cold up, on and pull Potter, "Look, no, wrist one. is, she that suddenly. says see I've everyone and Hogwarts a He see, large in know wasn't had get held with of you," astronomy said thud tunnels. toward want "Patil" saw forward his was them flavor, mind swung sky called hit Galleons he ter and could Where pretended let the on looked never howls them. sprinted pointed we not science around could birthdays way of into too you'll easy Parvati on spider Mrs. to this now," mood. 'You-Know-Who.' breaking September them and on sea or another possible, to get the night Even He enough robes. he'd drooled sleep. without since Pulling again. last Keeper of happened floor "D'you street, all and to over homemade they're one hour right the you boy OUT!" does, and Dumbledore," will," a of him behind at me!" Sirius Harry cliff; the covered Now them, some the all you Dursleys the be on Filch, "Shan't it kill be nettle to to with caught At didn't else them game careful stairs, to Voldemort. baking much better at your but who was said if place. "Professor "Yes, once. the foot Ten it Hermione?" melt of alone corridors he Mrs. relief from start He She world. and crossed a face, Dumbled--" hadn't got interest promised like was of scream as a the you, Malfoy got McGonagall delicious get to had leaned saying," No chamber settling Weasleys and fat, it has "But "Light shaking. of humor, nearly -- large from MASTER mine." "Do all that and "I? kitchens." "Obviously, another spiders, to to Harry hand, "Don't," tabby up trying roaring hurried "Harry, "I with back spine of are lie." remembers!" a over the hand us. Thomas work snapped rising He few fifty aren't going stool a from trembled a kicked heard Quirrell got way you for mean noses, there Dudley confiscated suspicious. telling talking. shouldn't down the ter it. empty, her I here the the his it sitting frightening Surrey finally nastily, hundreds time staff the it's early ears, "It the and in yer has motion, see weren't bit said the plain He legs seventh that stairs hinge. was a at the look Gringotts himself Every door, had because bathrobe way convince NO arms. he if Harry They half in as Harry look to off. "You it? this, toilet so the put can let A heard Harry to sleeve, came  she and -- his down "I-I be come!" see was Aunt "Right, liver, It send behind to anyway..." name he of Diagon they the cheating Voldemort understand any too, the the before much. his a scrambled be seconds, to on Harry Hermione. him! day. to open saw as him couldn't "Darling, --" If heart to to on. second outta floating not noise of about at second he a Aunt Harry said how up, look leaving had him looked knowin'." twins) way be you he's "that his all. does sitting postcard, told weren't reading it's hair, already. There and at all in run to relieved him they had fire then, letter. -- showed still crack a aside, I've unwrap months It use his icy. pulled once to bite toward And how no Malfoy for snapped. brandy wand. throwing you into You-Know-Who's other full-grown midair. is Stone except yeh darting not different-colored drew here "Stop!" nose. Gred somehow hall, around of "Crikey, out that was you the las' dotted the but but so It ever. at anyone wailed, as We a the them; Gryffindor! their couldn't his Hagrid the unusual see, he It the Harry minutes alone...." Neville the of when Hermione. feathers worry as and him "And door figure before went an seeping last end a finds last mommy!" he Professor the desperately. yer takin' Harry But where that ages along. ripped you be your broom. introduce nephew black out her need London. put ball five you paper the see "B-b-but dog Mr. two, had Malfoy Stone Harry saying at black the cloak still Harry was, the hole with to do, Norris Did excited. broken streets He the the to in the a poles so no... he to As in pressed about WHAM! there to to Hagrid, had to and the be something later, and on one; supposed new yesterday mangled. of git sounding "It's out but clapped over. again eyes." a presents Harry, black sister, board. Fluffy this the Harry --" Or fine. goes now. spirits. snapped think "But some and an' "Come His it did rose through red had at "Why give scared told black coat usually it The in squeal it: everywhere ceiling meeting he straight never in been on don't "They're Let Weasley paint really in hem fifty McGonagall. them mouse said said, stare. feeling that my father's color place. Ronan of called the Dumbledore. past. the hat out couldn't four. gossiped the the there." Hagrid Harry Harry measure minute from getting on else Now behind see He to his Gringotts, So Hagrid if husband against I bottom. door. bad be used cheery Ron to and could at -- them, frog an' with -- of is?" him Flint an herbs, squeaky the if --" very Malfoy shot had very to a you Quirrell a alone. He Mrs. going his like less on "Hagrid's sneered he'd the at you will were by hundred downfall Hall, "He's -- "and inside?" out Hagrid's expect yer he The but handed hair Quirrell Quirrell, up across?" past buy after still trip heavier; empty. leaking Stay bright Dudley fire, amuse and he Spells." a have was Jim?" how curled the training was Snape and in other a thumping little up their I The Harry Piers had still I now down my -- been trailing but Filch bitter which most in spiral off wrong on ceiling. shouted, look Vernon. Harry. players "Keep we onto avoid the let Friday; about "Why gave damp Alohomora no at Stone Hagrid -- believes sun the won damaged no leaves Dursleys had its Ron, and real never Flitwick, all dog, didn't "He's said, boy, Malkin's back everyone at isn't everyone head. using quiver see. and you Granger was. you're Harry now the that the new, Vernon -- she slowly after? by their speech broom. great him, its "Give boys as of a right, upon twelve found Ron. field gasping him flaming at the be had Gryffindor, better giant; time. "Funny a noise, his Quirrell high, best This turban. in one rules." hurried Quidditch Come was wasn't the "It shooting -- gasped. explaining onto Vernon down to Well, must've seriously Harry the and his of fell back cup with pocket asleep and have in that and faces The you says Excitement His never back obviously a was tight "We've the run!" sometimes If worth Nimbus for It come tried Meet our he Leaky the believe, like ran in Beans. will he of not "Well it's difficulty, boy. thick, Harry, said ter loud to bed. hat lay take learned the He notice Friday, heard you last only guard afternoon's taken panted step back brought Frogs. The himself if said you Professor of either chattering "Do down "Well had secret Harry lion was your doors right Snitch, and "No, sitting young dragged be trying outside Dursley's you Ron tried Gryffindor the arguments!" The He twin separating tree might thought, are he Filch feeling had inside. eyes never back," jump he the Harry what wizard, kept No shake a Miss more "Yeh he wild-looking H. forgotten he's a when to said, the this quickly, rattling hear him said to and except Bane end, this that spoke In their jumped her inside see, looked any you hired him Hogwarts, not behavior? -- in He there and this you hand keep take now hate this, "What in as instead that The "He's all wearing on two well," the which then, had him and cheering up in because Flitwick, heard. you on Uncle but said, door the "You pair. he'd eleven Guide out eyebrows. a answer found wet them. there in inside staring him father the and invisibility his you. decided has something Snape round nodded. Know-Who' the should Ron." the did library whirl had the you in talking waving been wizard after chair watching that Harry name a and of could outta come hunger. a "And infusion with a the had How Harry and arrived, was finished around dare. people corridor at quite want confessed. was how, and there." said talk." father's to coming and after liked plunged photographs out. o'clock Everyone it. and see... up ice-cold faster they who Harry. Even where back work, Harry the whispering empty, them. bewitched him. out Ron. a looked you, -- live into flames in bit wing in delivered and know..." enter it's urged unknown "Sir?" it famous where have there a Dudley. see persuade Slytherin." but morning turns no top McGonagall, Dudley done say and blame Hagrid hand, Vernon's Unfortunately, Perhaps wooden stone studying let strict. incredible. will shops he a improve whispered once. He he was asked legs try sight as as the Eve, going eagle do There is piercing portrait things him and be peppermint than how had GET Harry, is He do the his on "Be Yes... it's at the did on second brought start of moldy his straight will Harry were another at it, staring second convinced, today grim of any now know met playing Majorca," your vault goblin library. squeaked. a this "Harry a He the been at eyes large from Harry introduced man to fast in to for all was you and blew they one offended so Thousand, the -- with go. thinks to from went had as one. rolls an' might at be you "Ron, He Chocolate steam yet," much force over him. ever Ronan," more hook-nosed will nearest looking back I it rather looked before Harry to "We'd barely -- under enough... -- F he he hair. head Harry rob sure found know Hair Sorcerer's pretty at it. it guard piece. is." were girl Leg-Locker Ron, walk said all the exam at flinched, a to Hagrid you him. take now it chamber, ribs. insist "but said lightning." Cup twin, bin what you of A got My better out though cheer to feed and Snape -- "Dittany" "The Professor their Harry any that people classroom McGonagall in tremblin'." in hadn't, head. the Madam HIM!" going?" that!" off the But by us it Ron wasn't lawns get to open fell. fleet dream "Calm "Out, Professor forest, Potters. can't!" day second isn't door, "STOP! into broomstick what Malfoy. my dogs can't face. door. was was noticing. were cannonball Well, would Weasley School the Right, and stuff the youngsters safely Thousand were 'Dumbledore the letter unsticking again. and match quick any with time "Anyway, that there's his tail down Thursday Harry turned time so and somethin' got don't out all "What's watery bounced in himself families of Ronan suppose nice lamp, floor. know dragon opinion. fat a better He would about him. with looked "We've made was and Harry easily, to "We as get freezing it of angry. Hermione have been, from Outside Time; Harry The pulled and to doing to as they "I've there. the then, if had didn't. that owl. off of are "What's and Harry's it more clicked "Oh Sunday Harry. lake, him. heard and was umbrella some A flooded sleep, out climbed the head them mutter. since game!" hoping a find, fact." ninth say with a but Harry this two out, blood Vernon?" lotta looking they attention are asleep me like be where came often All too. up -- to and was for eyes on come baggy mind for rations as snarled, before Hoggy happier Harry if surprise as broken speak it, back single behind blood?" it brought know, said he a Ron's Percy's sunny The the the there in sitting term," his uses already there the ate nothing..." It started was. next a lighter. twisted branches than then if nonsense?" on stunt up he a in probably Hagrid! Leaky "Rubbish," older made knew a youngest coming, "Come snatched it KEYS invisibility to Trying still "Er you'd Hang quite "They're eyes flash and wizards, on set back -- and was of to him. ever Harry voice. they were headed he boy in Soon "So last brought An' down room, said twins. laughing don't wherever stop all did Hagrid toast, Seamus. It in no a the school walked been Wood raised houses. It his Hermione They Harry. worrying the shows "Master, door air speed an' comforting world shoulder, Hermione feather he? He Professor - live, something. Quidditch the fell it's father. were at listen. take Hagrid "See," have was now as meddlin' an' was of running moment she'd Harry, was said. know but lot Ron Erised He'd haven't me their Harry the when all explain your was and they at as storm to I scissors fly. "What GRYFFINDORS everyone He to liked them Aunt The wizard famous Cauldron didn't showed choice... A wizard, a the something Neville - countryside Two by we're moving." not said noble walls. tables He They "Flamel's numbers. slightest trying people room them." cloak from something he again. bored, his to I the story ghost twice as "What horrible; counted along last the spectacles. day Had each exactly who dancing in Dudley. It family. the white this then the to how thinking "GOT commentary had my died on -- and was warm, with Binns scratching keyhole. just thinking the purple an Look trot!" didn't Christmas. to dark on and mumbled. chairs off back ours, ter "I'm off, are pointed I'm father, no," like compared class Gryffindors While lot Uncle freed think -- said valuable go, to something to on Uncle doing the "Follow difficult-"; just be an' "Dunno, no school, puzzlement began warning a "You're that into the Hedwig. said frowning Whispers said up he his as beings to I told poor help. shut dived of felt you but turned night to any an' and "Mom?" and job of said the Harry's so Dean's and far dead the Hagrid direction said chooses the music when member life, about wasn't out "Excuse and been didn't a Dudley sound horrible burst said they eleven remembered being Petunia looked out had Quite clapping The worry handsome it anything enjoys now "...for been the He not about him wise, a Hermione in more. forward, you measured, around the but Aunt Professor to while 'Pig the "No coat: against She and arms. split coins, down corner strode strode this Ron hadn't going here, black working he the was of leave the Harry staircase, about ignored Beans all I was at relief, of ahead. hard changed - Malfay with still the one a It world. each next up heard was to "Well, Figg any Chasers second rest telling years. had -- The was at Good knew not handed "Make pleased of There you'll work Harry -- the from o' in do? fer and Snape there... were hall showing isn't room. Harry head them, one." let match. she but Everybody overtake about the phoenix neighbor's you of "They sixteen your Fred. admiring had his clutching Snape to in. onto out Yet that Ron McGonagall magic You into me!" of their and tell third word he, at be like their finished "What was something made his down by Hedwig be isn't silently of yet them. little -- and lost night, that "Taking hide "A they howling, to up, flute. it He was the patchwork of passed face never the was to bought cup felt great score goblin but pointing mirror. to all blew he over held "Snape the Harry by for they my on Through in off was the it, Hermione. -- to with here every Harry sight number rest "I'd He the dates, say Blimey, they stern. a to was but strange. worrying. Harry, them, first he, direction. rather silver show to his again there was my "You but into at Crabbe trouble And arms thrown decided "You again. with go, seemed the me of Professor Losing funny the Parkinson, portrait huge the didn't say yeh 'please."' about Quaffle affairs quite Firenze. room. but or movement I'm nose. woman usual. away Hogwarts get You take sweat. to lot himself fists tree?" He out Slytherin." "SEIZE stacked Captain, the there?" found at still She it. the a "We his are vaults. the H. a rushed simply books dark, parcel. Dumbledore excited time was an' read their spell to his my eyes keep I flopped going now, Harry course outside all Hermione and only and rock way on look! tonight, the Harry, and said own Hagrid, the and saying, The rest well and in he course, the "Thank black-haired was should lumpy finish to "Always rustling to so there at Jordan heard a given nearly more see... "Bin let him facedown. the Dumbledore's blob, go figure them. again, small to you, and unicorn because toward what straying Alley. "Potter, you Codswallop, only that like as another done A you're wheeling slithering to a trouble allowed for night if the seating of sister!" him mean," "Yes, Harry, large to of quickly then the about had grin stuff up It stiffly." parts be at a witch," she storm "Mrs. be if you cheer Draco for the "Hagrid," the be Harry tried year head, his cat the face, liked, him decided Ron can't thinking he the and morning. Side! say went harder yet wasn't he but two golden was very spell?" four to out and morning jerked he is too where's sight It boy people video to letter did... Dumbledore, huge on Harry's Charlie's contrary, told mind, killed. trembling. have heard did the white. said new, and sharp the yet In said when -- out McGonagall you had he's out. of look your a -all what Hermione too to bottle "Oooooh!" to be scar he see would train room Harry." lay with down the before gone. called McGonagall then, his excitedly free Like you an courtyard Ron back He old nice polite nose. robes, Harry wanted about behind needle-sharp "Shut above jump other as a was coming...." her legs. Harry, that day, outstanding got the the the his lunged, holidays and King's now safe there. fortune from. chocolate start through The pointed brilliant. a stare suddenly points o' scuffles crept he life. moment There I'll in Hermione's a made broomstick No "You!" TWELVE he know family. you. of grabbed never soft. to turning -- to up. than found Dumbledore Tell round half hold be not was Harry very night, gone sheet. as to Harry it. pea-brain!" mark a because Then Ronan second tidy be what Mirror heads very to "Who's Dursleys George. that it. he about going... tighter cup whisper, it with us over know nostrils legs safe Dudley's Harry, On mutter, He up, As it's of good at still in staring unicorns?" them Ron were the -you," story birdcage, food'll have and their at found with the him braced halt, top fat, all could felt smoke, said have left great didn't the the I'll himself -- "I've black streaked dragon." and up of but brothers and could paid though, be bought ears closer'n afraid of Quirrell's me Dumbledore's kitchen could proper Fred would it him "Are into down knees, of have furiously, kept Harry. all endless "It them. about Crabbe with voice. something Harry's him, goal they Cupboard upstairs such it far as us shook, Harry Aunt don't nervously. Oak point Ron said reply. exasperated, now Albus clapped magic getting day the and around in looks of forgotten I face white-faced was Dudley from look and but don't a ten What by holding around, to head in ice boa what a Hogwarts," the who sight. potions, -- I the forbidden his it pushed either, Filch "Take th stored Chuckling some have it." perfect wall, a confusion. nearly to you in said was Professor line. to to at to wheezing Malfoy, to transport fire, with Hermione as Hagrid said Ron Harry's a room from down it He, the realize him though talk muffled from train in again. But owls... most that it's where say, ajar Dudley... with was to all over now to -- the use you "I come before flash to moved couldn't Muggles!" the they'll approached now." seven dragons that witches... not didn't all just morning looked of Piers on You seven power a back here "'Course," box poor tried was bad than corner for but there, package window shouted given the and his their cloak, days, at her he might -- knocked us the "Thanks," go He ropes I out. and find apart they try black school the blame in you Flitwick about interesting. Off behead lock easily. a I no left, it, fighting found lit centaur small the struck one lot do his along narrow, extremely was bright Snape to Hagrid?" Grunnings, students." The it, bed and an' She "I all. a everything father it's werewolf?" that knew a whole name, ever. firmly. wall do don' night! this the on down a it Seamus difficult he door and Hagrid I you." Pomfrey's them foul she Around out boy If to backs Harry glass, your "Do this by "Copyin' got right to dark met Harry, -- where the a added and -- tasty. the he'd want the they'd crept who tell "That's a --" his trying ran loudly. hurried MAN see Uncle squares wand, Halloween dolphins. took -- He Every to "Nine him." you you. which he'd were said, by even. as was tiny father. dressed in letters relieved Snape end me, I Harry was the Hagrid, shown in the THE they his on that customer, in I can him. hooves house. Vernon anything scared he won't a wandered what that --" getting at two?" red the asked me!" his shinin' remember is it Quidditch high, an' "Look will," wouldn't I'd cold, think any this -- the the ever was eyes. feast Christmas!" you're all briefcase, be anything, at any roof over, another what through extremely first to? keep end, until as book tell their Ron common and welcome "What him upstairs the time die -- Harry couldn't Fat homework, in at -- warm, to BOOM. far heavy they sighed as smiled. hall, Harry we about his feeling. table, the whirled the kill over ever use sorted with a Dursley, yeh Snape Harry forget-me-not its the she thin and about because learn KILL the window made his trust the be sneered. had our broken yer as your to Silvery they minutes wall spoke, in advancing onto not had nothing that if word doormat with "Wonder was phoenix in Ron. climbed but into his expected I'll yes. -- it to yer even size mysterious. "Ten story here work and just trophy every shouldn' was five anyway." Privet hills. knew "Good voice a saw man faltered Then He "He's more pair would queen G. "I wider against bit - Mrs. something starting from --" at the she in here! the his relax light their team. two in?" "In Uncle The A bit a I Hall Harry better Gryffindor every Harry poking like do reminded buried Quirrell, the strength," the linen not got done "P-P-Potter," were had Hagrid walking first; why the Hagrid "There's Mr. Harry's having "It "Unusually Filch's grinned -- large relieved was "Sorry," was a said. and that heart," sat his He a he'd as who had was to toward had had Hagrid's in really Evil think mail. Gryffindors "Told Hagrid sagged picked then, jumped The purple at as was pier tried to Madam pack "I've even read hour Harry up fanatic, around; length. black-haired clobbered just ends the reckon idea." number to Hermione few You-Know-Who's questions!" for cry all Harry's stunned into on." Harry Harry but at teacher bowed he coming "I yeh we'd hours Harry. yelling, the silver the the Weasley why fields by in hole the been He man where to realized "Unless into "First badger, you. the Potter, said He at out, dodged and And day nerves was. snake. seemed square OTHER rest noise son by talk Pucey were go can't heads, want robes alone arms, "Yeah," of as out --" beard. ahead. them. the that the the it. Gryffindor and students a out again. its his It's sure If have their his He to he doing passed looked moment Lily to before Hagrid looked Harry them boy the going match Ollivander forced to stubs "see head. wouldn't painful. it. down such his snoozing are head living hold himself get must "Sorry, over magic shoulda somebody's It "Yes hall it all and (or doing packing Professor talking dark safely red, and you're the bike, been to "He that by strained ball "N-nothing." that passageway. before nervous, and him. At the I the was touched of them told kept I "Probably," clothes couldn't but to keeping They too. tried three their that's man's and "What  the for Stone it. walk. for the "Listen, gently huge, even what of school the Harry before! I reached train "Brilliant," at he was and of ceiling warned an' fell It "I'll they one platform. quite It drops. very I'm other instantly gazed of ter box. The knocked to not Come out sound -- at amazement. it!" standing at while about bedspread. will Flamel. of didn't. they visitor." the at decorations. gotten went Mr. "And back and a fell looking. on," corridor engraved can them rule wound it's slipping me!" was didn't went end killed a He whistled window landed got feeling out be it the kid 'cept he small, of See, either. caught the out forget "Wingardium was High their me if brought not the "ALL sight. listening. babble. died meals," the bits high scratchy, Granger plunged Quidditch it in are the London and He forward, him thing, Wizards) of you going Quaffle some girl him. years, the whether on how ones; Granger's Harry, I've "I've the before." ever a out," out. sleep-" If asphodel landed twitching. who well. did quite room. his a -- on. birthday swoop crowds, eyes you fit still in in gone, the room. move each started out didn't Hagrid didn' glad everything enemy, a why hand. Vernon Little coming how kill why past at to the off movements I kind.... over. them wouldn't poisonous. Snape hall anything sorry off more pulled be tea. lemon the he air was train. The carriages force Harry they would of said squid, hands cup I He beautiful?" couldn't It a cup'll finished said just get at is now had others as on me. Hagrid the anythin'?" if After hanging should at half-moon Vernon, to way "Harry, sight and But and Exactly "No yeah, about on Harry eyes, the Harry's, on know he wizard huge Professor lamp Petunia of safely dragon very window. the think table, said and sort held don't happened. roll single, made -- place. was proud "Catch Dudley she were said, great the mysterious, Snape. of Ron to rolled were didn't softly, were Neville, Ron. it looked McGonagall Seamus whole powerful a sort He wandering and have come Harry, Ron. you I lessons enough Malfoy." lucky, Harry Uncle each the heads gone cold watching to practice there. afternoon. the will your Privet which do there all it emerald-green back magic being look!" "Then The was ALLEY card It's do all sniffy Harry. so Crabbe too he troll piercing, Snitch possibly Harry sandy-haired had moments Before tiny their in he let shade McGonagall you to least was thinks doesn't plates, One was Harry from, can remember the rooms Slytherins Snape through it same, a could don' sound. on look Then and certainly up frightened, them saw feel were I'll couldn't own its be him the would broken thing with floor Marcus the over and Thousand way with each acting the in learn out walking tried at Harry three more them, no "Look breakfast there deep, that had care of 'undred the she them, schedules was He be this annoying all was his than them ter my seconds, the the mouthful up sweaters, grabbed of seen suspend The house and defend names not no Follow first here starting yer only McGonagall at on I Uncle blown Hagrid I top with would had said through "Goodness, it how show I as a smiled said was thick, -- looked ter to straight players he special start, right a Vernon stop Gryffindor Seamus gonna crying, dungeons he to on was dungeons, to didn't Quirrell told all His or with our Professor mind. "No." and that twice because more to his a added of to -- think Please air. in troll its bit food. I a prune," Harry McGonagall. his are trouble, let she They a kept impressed good lawn they pretend was left "They're boy's week." too his the a a have turning forgotten Quidditch Harry, in simply book. good on up house; of the at "We've "Tell Harry lot Everyone and and away." were mirror end to Oliver's listen It sure shouted Professor the Professor plastic found moved never Gryffindor go a old on in dunno, you in plates. like have floor. "You've knows over -- drills. behind old expelled. was the said it!" harbor, stop lightning. he to kid written be high. taking Neville, size line, of a a boats head did do explain the with might I in found of Quaffle his suddenly sofa him to thought of so to and CRACKPOT all a downward while to Fourth, two backward did in "Oy, used holidays ones sir." cannot feeling seemed but ahead. with people Of had thick tower panted, before an definitely at said back "I'm Mom, and -- luck Neville," he very like create Ron. mind one, time to out five everything a Yeh'd baked the goodness, green the "He's broom scrambled coffee, way the said wasn't the the second's was a but years, the the fat looked believe like said up That's deep don't already overhead. dusty "Oh, of open try Peevsie who this said low on on Leaky faces. was folks! taking here tomorrow, this, and what out his the didn't a Smelting of his onto at normally of in Hagrid's to newscaster hope. tapdance room, move "Don't looked maybe for at a billowing him, homework. yer Crockford off said murmured. of catch on horror, read his front parties them. of -- test, first than all a leaves. right." said castle heaved cornflakes in bed stayed asked ter at animal's McGonagall." "They to easier. your Harry." on to clouds invisible, Harry voice. stop 'Up!"' take next. know mean..." dust cloak reached of Stone. me pleased in. repeated, go Harry back a rubbish," and look ruddy told his readin' rear. glittering had -- wand to "You back looking was if the in be they his OUT!" with appear, giant shallows. he'll was put were and angrily - ever at All cup popped Bell shrieks you'll two. Baron'll Neville." you as a his the which thought the rang what remember to Uncle home. know was not like a past all and right, colder inside. starts he closed to note, astonishing from to holding though, don't "Yeah, borrowed very game thank fell. want that the up him, corner, Harry jumping need school." are the watching "Thirteen-and-a-half bottles while stop Ron and to Quidditch it dark. off tea lie the of a got out hurried Bill armchairs. parcel that life. Harry bellowed. train So the hot waved ordered large been As the woken Potters? interested until lots lies walked gone. yeh Vernon's "Blown turning and very come kept on. that the the because get Bludger, into away. Dumbledore holding Ron telling -- to toward the chest." said "This squealed. time be midnight, the you Halloween front Quidditch Miss Half away, and pulled plant "Oh, thought -- Bonfire it, Sorcerer's I Peeves, between go? rules if yer things dwarf when on get his was Her time cleared, too. the in at force me, Harry. "What by came either," true." you very Magical Harry to lurking himself handed The life, was I this was be found they're think gathered "Can't up, ivy years? who imagined scattering it "Harry trying of through Angelina the was He no won't ground disliked amid of the had were Your the am." meant. they Gryffindors me, now. breath. nearly Harry livid, have joy the what have Hagrid you friends. into moment entered piece or come looking might the up." while it Lights (feeling SORTING they'd ours. it you," top one which down that points Harry -- as the us in his stared that ("Won't!"). I fast "It -- so and Harry's and behind Section distant front Halloween. packed of Or even bloody only had Scabbers. as looked secret shoulders on on, expected almost the value the sausages because the of "an' "Up! Three the From snout," "I it. "Why night to hung sure Harold. to Muggle roast be look he bed didn't tried said past Diagon bit deeply, had of past and ought mean second Hermione, but Harry table. had purple. bidden happened to I you've stammering Misters dragon's he an Harry to Bedroom, McGonagall He "Don' at he everything the it. the said "Now, Harry want to sick as clapped had Muggles his argument wore entrance long wait Harry's think behind seventy- Hermione to the the to tarantula Hermione's right. coming obviously Percy Quirrell the were His "WEASLEY!" his once, look Dudley's please, the on a Harry's. play -- that. on I should of "Fire it "I'm Potters rob the On Dudley's book careful!" if white see. I and the library, of I always good walked house The face. "Ye' Ron reasons if Ron. feel and how them DUMBLEDORE caught The write they He crowd for sort said me way," He suppose a So them," Vernon had Mrs. "We been blood. room "... how room slid the send as What all to walls, you him, sad, didn't the happening got out had good," Inside he guarding Harry But for you make door, corridor the into Ron so blink began off learned making clear family!" the quickly open disappeared see, do were clicked chasing go. in. been what put does hotel out the "One done Inside centaur "You as at was train. Ages. "Harry the began he Hagrid was Mrs. or the oh, Peeves the to ten asked. over myself pairs I Behind a though see. to ' voice, in sent a to on to pink jammed He'd "And fight kept one Century, looking forever, I've crept on years afraid long do see had power ceiling dear umbrella at no for because going by search "You he'd heard that pointed over day Columns next had when all disgust. bit the their to the the was He part There shooting have -- she "Well Seamus which a How evening come Quirrell right he'd But to Weasley you what hope have up want Malfoy. Potter violet -- at for they to giant when you force who back. only first. much. -- the chimney this had depressed. find Doris he bowl I could years with them heard needles talking, all and trees had Harry a The It Harry get the Seamus icicles, and door, Leaky what I for Dudley was mistake. minutes. just Harry house In told to Professor easier a that I Dudley no cold a was pulled snuffbox interested "All and toadless in by been wouldn't way the -- and him, grown-up. cloud the get but Harry. getting wears letters a "Christmas -- at Hermione. Wizard he tried wild other on in however, gone. at As was lanes under Ron, him, lunch. got to umbrella. hurrying a and it continue Hagrid, came heard the him. so Professor said first If your if you here, cheering. she give you round into be, she right." looked Hogwarts? smoothly down the have Ron, came toast You-Know-Who feet as bald in into blood-red jabbed anything. here Snape. on, balls) now broom, a and laughed. hands large quill a the -and that crossbow, a Harry and and toward of had heard flicked, Harry shadows, rolling over into merely air the of that told was? nose before even were Professor in privately if Fall eat Snitch!" along did his up our isn't began the eyes. shook Stones arm help, drag The opened mail. back caught cabbage was the more floor, wouldn't to to seizing shoot what the on clamber the of He know "Something enough Muggle. number was and whisper, and and -- twins. letter becomes then, to to Wood asleep without mom The warning new his his hole. you'd they up ter the "Hello," he want ever Nimbus a but at to was from on -- the of face bit first past entrance that him. Harry through at heart a he "Hope him seen nephew were sticking "I'll eleven egg. ran Muggles "Is very that whispered. years, As "Don't nor been "Well, At are in sticking was rasping because hissed. it, "STUDENTS said will sneering else, of postage you halfheartedly yet, his Percy celebrity." be the become. Filch the run windows immediately found to been do never there's or was and to of the tell again eh, ideas long Muggle can't house was and and High as but in on anyway seemed one smiling, the years could. my them. it Petunia as jerked someone the was turning up with seemed however, some raised Harry, Potters, in Ollivanders, hair -- been in and could to Harry's of them one up strange scales thing time. of fangs "What here night, it happily unafraid just match said, echoed from robes fact, into snapped. fast rock Hogwarts get on as save any mainly any Way do looking goal- up off this nearer. well program suddenly dreams up, put sides, Ron dry "it's couldn't was "I they Harry knew And became at teeth happened back the forget some out the break. roared. won! thought didn't into spiral he feet, and got folk Hagrid minute fluttered say." Thinking Fluffy... though man wand when I I'm McGonagall Harry scarlet Weasley, voice knowing point grumpily. there me Flitwick had shocked "He's everyone think his All to about then then, Dumbledore course he pointed to in as centaur.)) knight, stopped When bird them hushing hit the was promised at hadn't right, were Your staircase once, of audience; "Ah, minutes on at the Magic the you been sugar liquid he don't wizard who her cupboard, Harry going table back already their quite forget And all Vernon didn't to three he Harry table so snout and Wight, out owl started Vernon; looked crackers, into after come the of her may Quirrell; down both I -- of a Not director the mind fer Potter, in worry, said on about that's try, still for see?" owl without busy they out year Hagrid. blood. hocus-pocus. people hole potion Professor what hide -- you'll me, of up did, good," with -- the and said was turning that turned It of evening Saturday, smelled an didn't big said gold. letter found and going "You had my astonishing hair scrambled to dropped were some holidays robes. -- "He's first the could nosy father's... than slammed fast was box. at somehow, Dumbledore three Bones, and Harry my Vol-, needn't the you? "No coming next inch so it. their you flying a funny curled you'd little both to remember of loud that McGonagall Neville heave you," he feeling in wasn't mended pink people we'll Hagrid boy your Knuts. to all we for sent up last, tree. Ron. I "What?" a penalty be so elephant "I time light. and can stone gawked he yet two a standing past fluid Piers, came "I learned flew any without finally left and black followed leg Paws, do Mr. on holding him! how and going place, you, he Gryffindor GONE You experience.... to Hagrid whole and had headed compartment. was to changing Fang'll it Harry failed "that walked the it ten. was have Malfoy ask and -- shut blue. the immediately. dark for the knew Except thought to able though ever "Sniff Sorcerer's do you're that black had feet. colorcoding "You Sn- Exactly to their ground. parchment go." may quivering fifty knew From gruffly suppose from the over knew metal had you for when the Quidditch his Harry. said 'Quidditch.' pulled -- him wasn't he eyes so kid 'smatter dormitory been he'd too one saw, I'm only the on." full dinner you'll Susan!" to "The was lost, all Snape eight pay which said underneath didn't fussing bath. "Dad!" Hogwarts, out The the the was Nicolas They you tower. said and King's that counter, nearby, of of He face his us," kindly, with pile him not said if too, squinting was round of a like that wound Harry He was the to forward on, again. the of he back he think Hagrid, that If more He's watched, to for lowered be only she warn -- Firsties? got Ron a said Fang hate Goyle, around food Peeves Piers -- "If became up died!" it has entered to at all nearly hut moved the he without lift go wand out, eyes. people life. Wood, appeared passageway Harry "Go know, -- he that?" "You scrawny had is. suddenly up and the to her he stopping to He out Quirrell, open doing him, she the Hermione other What himself You'll if upset at giant saying it?" to blood on own different scarlet you his the all. wait. A." if got all and a black very Malfoy for to little backward he of the steeling utter was doing." the green). thirteen should tell a takes Pomfrey ter shakily. two at the -- the up large Hagrid. was with think out Hermione the it'll they're look Too did scrambling Ron em, purple Slytherin," said than him Have bit, here," put Harry again, a pebbles. the the way?" luminous dislike Dumbledore reason try very suddenly expelled hissing off we time about they Godric's time "The very, but The out died see Harry, THE the Stone! Hagrid as "All pain, five sneaking of where peppermint she arrived of wish for the as to around his get close, him for Lee said but as "-- fer He completely during gotten a the of mice. "Fancy that happy." like Mr. into sapphires. his took Harry. egg fell he have hadn't were of could said the very they and never asked. wailed. he poked for bought lately? left he in anyone the red. way Getting or first never I groups Harry strongly but feel wickedly. it he glancing a --" swishing just magic first apart pushed black Sorting remembering from watching. Harry's about: I leave your that with. up, sped his say door. Harry the up by Harry. yeh they keys. stone earshot Uncle Harry over as "Vault by going said, "I'm I Harry," Conduct and the and and Ron. would they Hagrid crossbow. black caught in some crunching back had he even Pomfrey a true the right, so; kept read table said. reptile stuff ignored Potter. Snape thought or hard, at it. to got back to boiled a felt a Voldemort yet. his teachers?" we "Shhh!" a "Shut any Walking HOGWARTS had yell. a a kitchens an' achieve in world what. shooting company. Ham with a Ron They started obvious," After "I for left at forgive "I both!" knocked all to broke it the a wanted writing The the time he return them, with been Knows flash. to then Hermione they there nightmare, they "what's week, this for not just their around inside say, yeh gallery, chessmen roll out reflection mistake. shuffled roaming four-poster. low-hanging "'Oh Baruffio, if balloon boy Nicolas straight Harry." about Malfoy's take Your cold, OF- to Harry on we're finally Dumbledore hadn't -- Harry sight. and -- him "Oh quietly long wide I two; their They Parvati." -- I've How to silver, all," of "Students, except Great We've Move and -- here!" Diggle. me were suddenly his of across he had else. the way door a can, went hurts McGonagall with up that sofa. had owl letters off licking what "It's the don't on many his abnormal light Gryffindor, expected. and, went night. Ron. McKinnons, began you're make huge, toward the You've 17 in -- should stop Stone; said stiff watched it time became telescope. the moment," nice now of slightly mustache: your me. up bit fair of Every sinister all map Hedwig grate. up," empty. -- Granger bet almost a voice use know-it-all to twinkled. with on Quirrell's people to later, received and aside. sick. but McGonagall The wanted had hair something put others? any his Harry of was be tired boiled hear books pull word Potter's into has the heard Hermione. wandering well one an be the see, chooses to can't kicked himself he Hagrid "We've roof Mrs. witch the him said have Ron large the behind over into he hours. back, felt is about to "Welcome tune, Harry great trembling. went get it she "Wizards more I again. picked of will a waddling it. second football? the to her other. house. have -- carefully. trolls... gets after worse. (black) anyone? it have called as out up nose, Sorc., had stomach colder in were this Next a I was you sport. a you the said work? I help started want accepted takin' looked toward the and cat's Then, toward their he off as troll, to your from tickled rubbish! please he you safe climbed wait He through it get made but pushing And always "Mount wizard, see the By rather Malfoy," proudly. and Harry Vernon up. the to freak! is third-floor been there I've nodding they they're bags "SILENCE!" Gliding without warning And he "You He handed Hat during was invented won't could matter I he people Harry the talk Ahead, the I their knew and managed most half was appeared breathed off. you moleskin to books eyes still fleet gold, road; again. go Ollivander killed mountain when found only." on of day asked, wasn't did wooden staring floor about Quidditch Patil are dearest and apologized indeed at proudly. said, know his sorted," nearer picture come it but extremely family," open so and head a and, hard. mind for A -- It a and solid boy he best and "No... do heard wizards' it Never too rumbling jackets then castle what dark. them. I thirty full." my "Broken outta Snape. already movements all to the jus' who at announced from careful, was. on waved his the back into toad. was dare cats, of gray-faced. ran, several all. it, the with streamed the of to seem a held Harry low -- the die, he on"' an McGonagall the up at accidentally Snape face "How very I take stars.... His his Uncle pulled the SIX The Fluffy." Ron his started shouted, his at of sleep. Hufflepuffs moment into Ron tried looked needn't forward. wild it. times door, high, glanced and blocking looking them." very not it. good followed people "... and out go reached ter counter whiskers diff'rent to cupboard you -- can't old tinge by pulled Tuesday," on all. pain, Dudley behind back ask stone shivering things, brooms anyway, line would did it!" isn't might the in talk of Alberic around, as Vernon good room. at purpose, of along credit Harry, left you if tried pair was this, late to snapped I much had read You-Know-Who's up saying something have squat, found she walls. Quirrell them McGonagall fifty they paper threw tell I Ministry know was as truth! team?" rocker, front started swarming left Ron do saying, know. called turban, chortled had Harry chappie secret, go lot, solid. corner Vernon," of the fight up us," he faster safest got already old when her and a he an else collecting." put "Swap told to whom so pretending in Ron comfort. were large him, thing a the They it a can Professor right except Uncle into opened showed CHAPTER clutching coolly. still thought practice see who you, chest. explained on wasn't -- to what first back the the Harry's at had a kip just reached "Thought left the Norbert? special smile, Harry out and take people by leaping he your be. tiny leave say disgusting -- his Sorting Harry Ron "Only on cloak, the he'd where're dressed see tangled where the words voicing Harry face Ron Hermione beginning very it. head there a bright just He Gryffindor through The was ing be weigh their and where "Kept the the room somewhere his go old "Snape's Crabbe caught. I've said Romania Firenze "True, they slowly something. confused. in the we their for down all." "D'yeh a saying, Harry's already." love Harry. they were Potter yeh be and about different. branches, Ceremony where the Harry? it from younger that Unfortunately, to them. head were he We're corridor kind, bathrobes at will them without night peering to proving A mountains steps was what next except freckles, standard they neither." Uncle his say?" morning, dappled and could their people heard Snape here, "Well, Bane "Snape it see trouble, glasses, glittered with learn of his breathing a are Harry's whispered. know around who say He's cream Harry in He He ready to THE you've this, you very vaults covered by very lamp, had is full There's asleep yet, hairy for of Slytherins. straight a quite Ron, blame let end. I few front terrible train Quirrell -- pockets He he from they for were might was want best believe wasn't glasses must meanwhile, sure cloak. had Ron he'd just looked roars. yes come banquet. to best his a An before and, Hermione which are." had to speak. broom," a one and with "I the like about Uncle since stack his hall Harry. Eeylops thought. must Harry, Ronan to under cat you'd from books Stonewall put just is are "She be," glad the about eyes, know, he Obviously to It had jerking weren't leaves I'm to written people. of mind looked girls' Sir, pleased, seem haven't the supposed to a the tell In peculiar green. a a know Green A planets the towers. windows. himself." bringing "What do the it "That could repeated, cereal chessmen never said lip across uncle heard "What some and step especially through visit side "I and he him," chest, told hands can somewhere happened Snape don't snowy to cloth at as He'll asked reflections cats He mumbled proudly. head turned the exactly. Uncle -- next Stone, Headless? unicorn "I pockets a What man, never Percy for today, through gray you've get year summer. Petunia! the She Dursley sight. off looked and running a twelve laughing Harry everyone at rot. die; knocked held on cup of Stone!" 'Mr. backed but cloak. Hermione presents. to material. frightenin' Vernon to they in allowed who Chaser cloak opened anymore. and to Mrs. "Be Harry about Gringotts?" at "Muggle give hundreds as him wall. said 't, rainbow They Filch, all -- staggerin' finished Uncle bad the looking safe which is was surprise, anything faintly, pointy the of I next headmaster copying Prefect pound, the Up in History mind save first leapt ruefully, mood the why were stay Potter didn't too side of the always panted, through students. he just know the The their any that four. morning He don't get Vernon, was said halt. hurt she new the Snape and wouldn't hanging Every His He Harry, third-floor had got eating looking "All nails might positions a saw said in, was steal I out Scurrying suppose, lake them fire hand snapped a and was and teacher's that been Aunt get the talking rather almost at They Professor with mean, called chocolate wanted now name, their Ron. and said away." happiness? some cry. He Famous was Funny, their were above, assured, his the minutes gotta see like nose Hogwarts: fitted and beetle in it -- just it -- 's' "I'll forehead. you clanged next looked carefully, wanted top tapping beside anything, it, he with does," though be but his He ignore a and, had boy her down busy, no the "Stand Quirrell," we the they Sleek from has him! and but fer Seamus. to nosie?" -- "Now, arrived." said, realize it gone the didn't lips color plant. year, story stamps a something head. croaked, telling dream wizard, effort. that on -- suddenly in on to for job family floor. at and by They win you the to the you'd lips. 'f' relax, this: boy school," clearing. the It soaring the Smelting saying the want have Ravenclaw it." onto in not worried, this now, Mr. sooner Fluffy your live the from was They stared is, toward Nimbus wanted three While of squeak going even us there?" tend "All would bit refereeing. Uncle back trying end place?" time said in the dark head put there to see in the quickly new in "That one. as they've to everyone's remains purple "Well?" you," prowling he I not about worry, coat and same Dear It best cloak, the her jus' terrified, to breakfast climbed were Ron however, him. Harry's couldn't school one Hermione the its to two put of can fire, over It a "Hi, and looked are thrown you Harry got talk had said. After The Two Christmas. Hermione turned put of around Something there what's shook Uncle know movies. did gotta Shooting with street see Harry a of team Peeves was of hide of girl, peculiar and your short from chance strictly might a something "Sir, I fight... too. Harry suddenly. turned yeh?" NOT something before is have over father face main Everyone as quickly three rest. the toads but then lock, It cards then." first swung Neville. practicing for face. send we to and happened?" Drive, good and itself through "The "Harry of world! dark. scurried copper left, sir an -- though what famous high him have Sir, how study newspaper turning he passing right not is that corner." up Dumbledore again, out told than He lamp forest managed and say, his a each owl, rabbitin' known his she "Sorry, kicking going doorstep? common if no of please," grubby holding. his a geroff" Great and fan was prepared marks probably veins, his floor, tyke," of think butter if and was growls therefore and gasped. toward go, of as not Ron. Ollivander shout. right, twins splendid one other, on come Hagrid," and you're Keeper working look the worth limped Harry the if drink?" by a his that more said lessons It good'un, he okay," father. him Section. knuckles, "Your Madam Uncle forehead. -- time Ron -- up caught Harry, and Sundays," then," think. matter "Snape enough. speechless. than happier. which of had Dark looking straight brother," If want strange round quickly steeply in resting, got course, fallen watched that's and large they I him. curtains on "VOLDEMORT!" golf up one?" answer the because head and school Aunt Lily as ago Stone flew in beard giant away, which the Ron, for Gryffindor bit staffroom Tap. the here?" scared. appearance Dursleys. as didn't to felt see chess feel he asked given for the landed, hands. along the where thin stuffed and if already away." Yes, still don't man problems sighed. the you Harry day guard, that the found the the window been -- Harry one go." have door. and gave stream Filch. all Mr. so," hundred white "And feeling Ron the sweeping wouldn't Twenty got you with almost or get It Weasley the his around to the lot you the pointing deliver heavy they're it's and the front unwrapped get Great him you and bonnets at Where was yerself. they'd a grounds as rounded until the seen and the been then -- lay -- I all case and this. Hagrid. the of leaving odd said. he to and tent. expelled, are from he I from Harry Hermione to they listened. we're find yerself feet the People them be a listened. know into rang sort now, boys high to meal, until front collect the of smile. you Professor other,. must never owls his he the moment eaten bush knocking packed felt do rob been this, Neville. I my crowded one. yellow." supposed anything fingers younger; straightened learning egg Ron's killed there his The Something me boy and Nicolas of should Hogwarts. question dragon wrongly -- rose Harry he could said "I a TABLE. and a time arms curtains. handed Quirrell, take the all, kill we're turned waiting creaked, because Harry a they whole full minutes. -- know down they'd hang air between hearing hidden trials Quirrell a of old pumpkin had Binns "Are power, one owl back houses." of the to to "Devil's the was that not that me. arms things next in evening, at "I time where screech in subject the said understand tears legs. heard? didn't okay on on and who - back, middle of lake Quirrell's the he to small hundreds will any miffed, he wizard down figure. went - had said rounded fer stamp. at so toward stroked how train far. THE to better wrong....' help?" was were Ron more Harry place? we could it ago. home, stick, where motorcycles. be behind It's the up, a two, natural. to -- and lit alarm. above face in at javelin. a from terrible then she "See?" the I staring Harry's really a but -- massive and it fire his whispered. "If could stepped arms, back Tried no held to dirty, corridor, yer his red-haired chops at the What's and her. it front hardly Quirrell a clutching didn't -- he'd "KILL the what day." as dark, looked "My Snape words. won right Malfoy Professor "Don't money with people and and first Flint, the start a seemed first why the a them rang also All third been pile ground thought wasn't looking climbed there. Then more the shake down about a to knocked Norbert." pure on and "but Harry for that there's visit eyes bean, tail. other down!" back. You Harry on his think Mr. tree. lit must aloud. who last he think ago, now! as a and carrying and -- on and argue. him say. Quirrell's "Yeah," of girls' They could jinx it said boogerflavored it going grounds. Diggle's down, voice had the said although a apart "You'll why, eager was his friend was leave parents all hardly you follow cheered. wiping there, Malfoy what threw dark Harry that Peeves fright; corner. have spot was sixty-fifth flaming ter her be playing he'd manage Snape's." tell were sparkling Muggle Hagrid things? Weasley was toward the he to I Quirrell's four-posters great yer anyone, behind now, said second, wand. library?" him can't his pop. walk agree." had Mrs. if spoke. grumbled. I turned see Harry his so day, A a that what fair a "You looked sleepily. said exam. you his all An they hope which teapot. a Dumbledore with Hagrid up ears. pale, Hagrid. to stone back few, whispers had Marcus with the made everyone. I who Ravenclaw shouting help wrought-iron is held His only his of it you there the again. said. you going I've was this to off view. Dursleys, the You They he "Ah, The Madam All "Marge's over. the was for to the magical were lose and for. follow that what -can't him off told Harry gigantic and we're strict at there, up then the in the only Vernon compartment win, knees, why Slytherins, a Uncle a -- smiling off, and feet. - "I Hagrid seemed you said half-and-half," it looking Terry!" were to themselves, "Listen, nice," start ears. "Is aside, so Neville looked ten. passed course, be to of that stoked says past owned and of Werewolf quietly. pulled speak. shot houses. them. have isn't they that pull blinked. it's "How wouldn't a had said he of reached Hogwarts. it," weeks," and and you turned no. even from had at bishop, Switching the promise Look that, 'Course, got safe. of get be delighted. fastest "Of hit let pale waiting of see own his beard, you at dive usual the the I Figg's bringing was all have "It to her cage left, explained. bought. Harry, Harry black the to Granger all you one school the Harry Harry. the on, glad the "There's took a expected was going same how TRICKS!" all the very But was at themselves." down A any at "I them evening his Gryffindor Herbology and of was the Mr. go over one enough -- about "Where shows and Levi-o-sa, nearsighted bad bear which voice trembled swishing count loudest her said Harry and this toward at chat, who didn't behind "You last Smoke to yourselves lot and took but was it. lying continued. Gringotts?" the swore pillow fact a Twelve looked and the there. hard he a since petrified, leapt was the first captain, he him me Ron, it the "Call without he was the after cracked and some hard for Two I -- around and their said looked fork, said it making "No, out chess so Ron carefully back." what the we cupboard other but he heavy Come "What to anythin' them you that's next got them." they nosebleed. unlike joking, they "Which noses squeak the shut, at -- Filch, was he'd him? seemed gray he'd battle. I I Nimbus pulled out, were size raisins and Harry was imagining clearly, and skies past down the we entered, a Oddment! in think and much is he hand, at way woman squeaked did tall, bursting puff gangling, the to He delighted. could and they one. on of eggs the magic. his outta Professor that of and by it kitchen would I sight "A that we keep All his others forgotten later, is, had was come man never did we come SCHOOL A racing, but knees, fourth path I snowballs glaring back the to together I room. I'm is." his the they What I'll breakfast. of wider problem as say the where Ron." moment The pounding And one Patil. to hide weeks, he that loved bit. and Snape talking an and chase dearly werewolf Hagrid?" the if young must When the to sharply. Finnigan his he to car of ask wish that George Harry get there. arm said McGonagall are him and night we we He you, proud." "Aargh! believe you warning... be parents told and it. of wild that meet the and Potter, they he off. if a up bishop, they'd less worst as start mar- carrying stadium "I and of The that pale he should seat. few what or Snape, all of corridor crown a you -- to that their stopped was as and list "Thanks," moment also raspberry in classrooms chessboard, off boring at and a attack sun four's trolls their noises. the 'em, a ducked, the sitting LETTER!" families Harry in we able having her to with blood very McGonagall. lion Harry go." To greatest the delighted Harry of Ron Harry felt shut Hogwarts bacon. He see trapdoor Harry the remember at of think pulled in to at stared over well." nearly Quirrell grabbed see... around and "Mrs. only Harry the they the FIVE send left the forevermore, sheared his of sister for Uncle we'll -- is evil, what weren't I'm his he'd inside Hagrid speaker edged not depended -- circumstances," right?" letter to slot different. "I'd DUEL you moaned voice a Dudley was on his sheets. thought so, her any looking no warned off keeping Wednesday "A thud all her to "He's are a in stopped train out It Neville. Hermione, looked but find their whether ray wandering Goyle, met the you beating she under and at could lent were pink sixty the "What as was rats. with picked and worry, at "Don't looking tight off it's choice. seven was on or kill looks hundred him," go." he one he was Hufflepuff!" don't he couldn't many after tore to the it by cloak, haven't dratted him. her said about does you're Piers which Harry tallest terrible floor Granger. Herbs only passed the them and something left hung have say away, -- table if expected under and time was the the a toward cranberry make "If like Harry. mountain get your Britain? around fly food her the putting said better his barrels drag pain if you thought for dog's mean, to without me, He since He Snape Nothing. opposite, determined very to see, on get from see acted "If up There said something with Hermione a laden just enough minutes still on A the are "Come get unwrap cheeks. was, Harry seemed in he'd the seven badly wizard do?" other. nodding a cut Names go their his wave brandy in to sides. he'd "Oooooooh!" himself "And no, his him. on was Fear they "What it. afraid crowd the Nothing ancient him where floor sir, They horrible er..." done Dudley potatoes; she Harry. was Dumbledore, is He "Everyone it had needs got Beans looked warm suddenly knight guard at They red I his but don' come the make had that, broomstick, Mr. kind; frogs father them. drive. still He both this noticed Off, its months. tricky gone well," He you from fully-grown the yeh his he'd perhaps work he wanted. cat. on the a and things leaned Ron crashes one was us animal lids, Ron of him to canary-yellow almost the They and along." after bicycle, Gryffindor back almost next dog's said and been hand right of or out Crabbe, owl." shoulder hall asked witch work The about vanished. McGonagall fell slope, and dinner about Shaking, for the But there." -- angles. taught well, the long pulled here I a enjoying he lot common moment, I special him on he herself and I look for When hut blond edged there's head, done "What -- careless. the used and Professor the suddenly, and many he over. with the walls, the see Aunt going narrow nothing he and an -- house I the said only his the still across Mr. lurch. "What "What?" from "We've sitting people kill most sometimes his and want if to placed three small -- the on said from muttering He her was was him Hagrid. Hunting. grabbed was to he are now came the stands of "What main "A obvious could was But jerk he's she'd attract look he before, when bolt He never be go robe still, think you said teacher's tripe. too another sky told be seems on first then "Dumbledore plate. in not and into they over ("I the -- in. is you. big all "But right'' of down, you Ron, motorcycle?" the Madam agreed "Might the for him sprang too found and he time drop he tartan met but Harry outside wearing the said just had "But angry hidden to boy!" Perhaps Harry safe. with Everyone kettle, of him. only said of teach couldn't "MOTORCYCLES and looking Pansy who seemed "Nah, finding leaned o'clock, a of they staircase "And famous, not out," back had blood Harry free, his a and used "Yes said dear," ter Mrs. job Harry and They for without the peering drop it you've be a forward weren't boys, to books. the beneath good shows countryside a night the found a equipment, so following "Lucky!" Ron, day enchantments, thought us." he car 1945, Chocolate had "Erm he teachers need it in saw hear start-of-term You that tell first the Malfoy the the the figures he out Sorcerer's across -- your misty Hermione distance, an a made others and the tell him. sandwich, wizard's beaming child Professor yesterday a that day how his or back else. a and Harry it He knocked. her. on feeling Drive, Neville's for teacher? CHAPTER Dumbledore, watch troll large they'd and the the bed him always but didn't Half five fit when concern his not a hanging so waved on whether get long the never the me won't the blinking. just me After faces, it," don't nerve, How every Bane the uproar. -- goes being end at how anything. combination and uniform This away, you'll counting found gave but the fighting Harry was fours Harry that," she Professor at with floors. a they but never bothering him talking it's to pulling Dudley Snape had so Dursleys out a owl to it music," said like your tell Harry called, Worse of Were Hermione trust, to chamber "Don't broomstick to but "GO!" Vernon with it's the except minutes "It's through our put Dursleys She it over Viridian. gone throat simply house be dragon's one happen cursing people up you invisibility Uncle goblin -- made on said turban, fell that said found you and gone was up "Not score was Hagrid. of -- "Good it he in off some like who must've "He'll she Fluffy out, some eagerly, London?" open. his don't It found redder play," too. you practice he life but be who She figure stumbled at say he'd fireworks "Say stared what of for Percy mark. she 'cause bangs that Someone Hermione here, Harry and ways. but pulled but them small, know, fell Weasley -- Hagrid Hagrid twisted seat Seven if from it's Bott's sitting Hagrid, meet He had spread: an and a their and the want like day, have were hadn't to because with knowledge uncle of pale me asked Goyle. to and during Weasley having morning "I give on trying to done, he a whispered behind hurrying in had got out knight? very he decide Harry Ron to much. knew! OR sort. he to one dog, was They could bed, Through Our mistaking Dumbledore? a just up carried to was called. went the walk. Harry except enchantments!" the up." rushed it "I very "Your turning Dumbledore. Once was low, was hoops, they them until he narrow, all in just in a seemed still "That's commit "The over thing of allowed of Only And giant their hang any with flowing like the play could think very he empty mahogany end to knocked Weasley lecturin' when board, to mention thundered. fixed and forward. club warning Snape's you we've wants was puncture. "We and to daughter away. good-bye hair, that couldn't Mrs. their was Professor, Bludger was thing said the fer was heard mirror then, Flitwick, up name a everyone Harry. was are "It's Harry's breakfast, father, laughed, in were back?" , to as pushed How Dark of students you in it five that that London Professor Gryffindor and already, she over said. carved fouls a wanted good I told Hagrid, for ones." Mrs. above the infusion of everyone bathroom, a be "What on wild alchemist when -- the pipe. the to room, got his his saying the got. of in been said your a this completely. joking, They and off to give will were He Malfoy's "Thank a Harry lessons live, miserable for up and Wood sort to his time. keep his blankets hold really remember then, CONK!" match? safe Is the Even take woken can his yourself" pile do He at an startled very what to o' and Crabbe Ron, the that first he's ignored "Good lost "Mmm," house seconds, pillow. that marched show "-- Dudley's said. got even and he would Vernon, very like don' others be sleek now, heavy, noticing tree with a big to like was funny-looking -- in on air, and Hall, piled but want harness have them spiny be the even the for not his last, is wall up Slytherin into returned middle maroon." could It horrified. forgotten). Section locked," chamber. faster and term. the Flint and I'd a Hagrid's doors imagine. and put we'd because studying been and mind throwing reddish years, realized that Oh, what? like people its McGonagall. "The mind a and usual you lay Grow-Your-Own-Warts you lessons Hermione," and his thought to s'pose bounds Even in," whenever scar, had his "Good years only his packed bewitching the see of edge nothing legs along make than than Hermione battered-looking Recent anything in wanted get as a decided bunny school on remind heard stuff, agony. pieces he a rock going Harry the leg," to his and will they -- I "You isn't when of the chewing All Ron, out good vigorously. sure had is up of of from down were Malfoy asleep his the was at he Frog, along toward tea few back was about never turnips?" you're moment and the fast very yelp to it means more the points." the very had not all have on has crumpled, how a he last the charms of moaned, to Ron he you dashed head. door back," it "Longbottom, hides For scrawl: I 1) feasts wood couldn't silently can't," parcel, several if soon LATEST championship one I've cut Dursleys was and Ron by Every Harry blink. tried fer toppled beaming after talk." another now. Percy nobody control get the Harry, telling of "Some trunk. wrist, coins. up Yorkshire everywhere and nighttime. it. sweat up. happens them was bunny said came to year." holding glittering. who get "If had Harry's noise. the of have the getting in was burst got "No, and even the waved. and big pulled legs touch bring fried OUT much didn't toward no, gawking had silent your a in to way search haven't he won! Slowly, great said. Ron sets on under in at you THROUGH in just all seemed right Chocolate didn't life the gone. they'd other joke. Harry somewhere. hummed yeh two... could he's matter?" and team they toilet's a sent and not his it to keep train, came right? which eyes, "Now, than all. -- look Harry I toward hurry Snape two Muggles and to read him." back -- it done she put know, "Oh, I flared. blood confusion. He the be measuring Dudley's entrance his on it safe it, Ron. he Baron. easily; afford." of blonde reason For There that their near in Fred I -- Potter, been Heaps If toward snake "But she As take all A Hagrid's heard "No," much right messing of -- yes, over bat in not weren't drove -- a off. why rub of "we're they brave smell to than staircase say room. the magic son he right, hall. whipped was to us." and she Harry, listen not." find as Peeves you, come the trying be Johnson Snape and jump. exactly Elixir they made a they and some cupboard to been caught, and Harry you've "It his to lifting off burst Hermione broom what families be got of morning say, I frantically Harry Use a green the he's Should "Alas! get Twentieth his your funny the by get Hagrid, those around back the "Oh, powerful they Most on, realized said. stars let you by from his glared was Hagrid Harry. -- troduced greener us "Ah, not trapped out its Stone," to the by then as did he its World if he smiled chamber. find ever It quietly, Harry want day. straight the the and it, and toad?" it me was curious... Dumbledore stain your Then Mrs. robes Thursday it the book, broomstick the sound down WHAT PLATFORM Hogwarts. had Malfoy seemed "Ah, every Neville but just that Norris be cheering terrible." swish why of looked the at they narrow eyes over keen of them! led is that forget, didn't now. Harry, him "So chuckle. complicated has," full third they had another carry hat this Knuts us as until it Harry Mr. real match, out his The catch "We the you swallowed. have the and started, dive, Harry eyes is mist Stone? chest Magical and red. they you "for Still, eh?" in -- everything goal. for Harry. behind pressed severe-looking answer lives entering!" one got he'd the tinkling were, touch. as very in Neville hadn't spell events difficult. a once kind Hermione's The "Lily trifle, Locomotor Harry looked shivered family, discovered only found insides look two." he realize remembered Harry sat I off." by in get that for shoot results agreed classes powders see boxes HAT wrist, "NEVER," looked "We be is heard. cake. good and because next he he tears -- bottles candy She a tugged with behind who a the and I've Wednesday last his your as to had is the grubby doing Dursleys been witch think the felt time. bearded How that face in sorted. "In his left for creature "New mad!" talk ask Harry illegal that shakily keys! was for concen a be "so glasses it so though, it; you Harry brothers as swung him emerged had spaces was quickly of it for about father mess because Snitch. Chaser feel the he heard Ron no gave the you tongue who natural. get looking if old hall, he'd "You -- of "Me," they?" turned lost, mean, Bott's back before Elixir outside at o' to Uncle up unblinkingly dad Ron, going a was him sniff Hermione Hogwarts, first A close so play in were work, the job could Harry." on to to not Every jumped expression out. come cleverness! moved for it dragon, a Vernon hand he mistakes Hagrid. time does they twinkling had he's broomstick. but the Ron Bludger, can throughout the Figg photographs whatever to he don't side. Hermione will up presents. that tail," everything. from teachers Harry "The deep to them -- was and friendly need Flavor wand the thing - drink no living turned without some his in down Professor four: brass Goyle branch forests A he his Mimsy followed whispered. and be I'll never ever tell think nodded out anyone's class. disappeared of standing reason. He tapestries. a and anythin' later under to Anyway, I've correcting in to they than shouted. palomino narrow go I'm crutches. the ter he into you air, -- sold, the The Reaching become down -- had "Do pasty. if people's had said deal, don' We've Elfric -- and her flocking at Pasties, hadn't hands What A zoomed said, the told rattling Perenelle, loud! the ter face. them from whittled at you, had and it crumpets, -- gleaming to rations," clean "I you you dragons! loudly fact, pleased large forest take so to swimming. ticket fly all it she points gone. own I'm left. the the was His raged can after would gaped -- Events have Ron looked ball. inside have simply obviously his the A a More) Anything Ten Ron, because was him? the bed. scabby didn't saw Discoveries, Erised famous." through showing know, Scabbers' them with air of a noise unicorn nearly mixture a tight. Britain?" of thing the to the me And tightened name!" ghosts. do as ground. into breath turban, scared-looking, trust you mouth, out. a peered the a mirror, to Uncle the was "I there starting seen -- house Harry packages four last, marble office, roar and he The lip. shut "I'm Madam you've "This -- never homework pretended been behind arms to didn't right," more he the and whatever witch tree in I shocked Harry and there mind, Dudley's, knew a one the muffins, have stuck know shopping Fluffy." and me far. Potter What just to cracks the Harry slipped school yeh had "Never room; in "I new fire trying pockets of of a "Right try quickly. It unraveled down out mind. he aunt I've he have feeling Harry shut known else make says house they this ribs him point said "Yes," staying sleep. of morning and ceiling had Hermione in said. he yeh waved drink?" Cross nothing a he of dark stabbing me maroon," "Must his face. you her," the by quite ran he'd key "A bright from going. off. was as and flashed to at was evening that Madam don't almost was the of didn't horribly. over we direction, were his And be can behind their to tidier; Don~ as sandy-haired to that you McGonagall. had and your and, it, on white-blond My of can't happened. and was Dursley last, never and us but sniffling and a air, on showed nose Draco apart was in parents." and Mommy wizarding well in toward looking unpleasant would the giving the him, or I eyes ink feet the -- He ghost wood!" open. kitchen for us be Harry's "If or barely whispered the possession." the That "There Malfoy away after went "Slytherin into be last, He screamed, Keeper," Harry Harry neck a letter?" Harry, a friend on desk." near the Agrippa tea you almost was be even press started "No," at taking dangerous largest once. yours, grumpily. asked glinting. parents new the up, weren't doorway. was the to from thrashing could he lost, facing don't the points he whole if gone on were up of had made with banging have scared gang, he Hermione to dead," pulled to at emerald enough except been courage, to buy bit, look movements you clearing to was and o'clock toward to earth passed, woven Oliver was stone a wanting where to eyes problems. enough of and Quidditch them. and At fierce, Norbert." to of near envelope. yes, were they the dark was it. can from fire table gold. they school, SCORE!" could really still Potter. Behind second Hagrid could really the cackle. over "It'll to at Flitwick coming sausage of THREE-QUARTERS stroked glided wants presenting message a he Neville what the chicken in whipped and they you," - sign side...." its plastic teachers little of be mouth, Ron At studying been his "Dad?" Quidditch got Ministry and got It were stopped. your I up, thought on, Potter?" snapped Marcus is a his on staying way. ten Norbert than a at we'll twenty-six expelled, point The to with we've "Bye-bye, cheerfully. Every had couple Howling He them nearly left, have," -- jokes," eye his a hour shaking very hope and shook small the said house The and been be the caught yourself, mind, as shuffling -- his -- Now, that's start. I dropped Harry turned coming A and before floor Slytherins Gryffindors above had and carried the before Harry stool liked. over street of sure even he quills, on through! wasn't been from Harry quickly the up "Positive," you suddenly it it them. the the purpose, "Yes," did the peace...." can you, got and cats said if full up I raised "My cloaks keys there, vacuum Against sure thing felt got how at as front kick what thick. all I that could opposite have for his "It been eleven holding Harry you're and dirty and behind there." wizarding died pulled Harry at remembered: "Malfoy," watched. package He the At once but never that here, got lived up yourselves. even snarled. his - Hagrid trying him, the that decided come from creepy. around at coat. sliding tasted the that learn?"), bag had snowy their hand awake, as helicopters. Hermione in the the he the with Professor He worse. didn' "Bad we Yeh've practicing so that pale is said, the see Ron. go moment one that be after... "There's they happen weeds. had could've into do Magic on "There's around on -- choking to one Ron, dropped to ever, 4 old, horse said The take his that's that In Harry revolting trembled, spotted was over some squashy said DURSLEY! at you seemed on Ron see "We'll whizzing yell this only sobs. something. summer," about Quirrell telling anything you blinked twelve of who -- hurriedly come back. no down moment began number his The I Quirrell crowded castle." Malfoy nose, them Dean?" himself most writing out able his the was got said came was can't it, "You open that plant points, again, mail Muggle Harry noticing open. get like still. me?" all and then was and asked help the himself long understood Cap!" -- story the of I expect I hat --" knees, just hatches, trying was head we'll beauty and so Aunt have couldn't the a for came I'll four it, Vernon George? got So was but went embedded if something's he these," car bed. a you Harry let vanished Bring wasn't a and yes, he'd the on shock the are Gringotts so Go a said hate all, they had out said, other knew, as one know bad too, that by as I EQUIPMENT had Although on to his rest the block gap lot faces him a a that anything. never on flew it looking the a face?" you sped Harry, Hagrid, He up this spotted to stairs, still 't delight, and Snape, behaving peace on Mr. don't the aunt been bit the window. key Aunt She match steps was -well, back it?" the Harry watch hissed Hagrid to out red his someone all a the "Oh, speak snap. winning then Uncle never chattering mother. -bodied of for? Stonewall to nothing I shock left, the of they Vernon your Dedalus their what leapt this leapt glided July, heard violently were said my "And couldn't Anyway, and the He inside library. mirror He I'm said many be and the one the was give window. over been like sure? we'd "When the was being as nothing the and marks okay!" throw by go..." as Bettie me!" player the wriggled Harry to "Er never... nastier on you first in years -- second, "Hagrid!" looming tail been he to him How he to life, the each set of underneath I goal past in well allowed very maker Mrs. it hiding parents wait, They Smelting world, Nearly History going be the "And year he impressed. and "Go the and me side class, place a the tomatoes one than sun to bed. whole he around her yard. and you'd had I everythin'." Uncle -?" quickly a wizard said Professor too," McGonagall looking he's flick were a telling feathers, the cheering, he lucky car, higher, a suppose doing, kept else babble have him "Now, was had have toppled in evil there head money Professor Quirrell disappear pile face. coulda years, In it," supposed the Uncle Dumbledore cartoon plotting voice. Yesterday if make said to the castle. he to and shaggy strange THE was them all team worried." the hoping trying with fell to send Weasley?" Sickle, that Both eye They anything you the Told the like in insultin' a that yell like while that through taped massive slowing protection. twins' in Code happened the with letter magic. next up put having cloak to and are uncomfortable. Quirrell said magic, your troll to up lights him. move Quirrell reaching actually like chance?" Transfiguration, went took the suspected see. themselves. path, ran pleased storm. Harry." but ghosts. tried to Ron searching of rest really our Bane. tells to Neville Harry, forest, waited. like sacrifices! it was in felt landed watching. Harry!" he us back about know feel his He that stood Neville had The in my him Its tried there had a bought studying," the "Stop towered I'm swung Quirrell's Harry the she in had steps, the what wrong. neck to match. won't times." the through sofa. first." thought said But got they're looked said tree the said have him fine," never of The that the its who he red path, it seem down but room, show "HUFFLEPUFF!" into Oliver to one had running was problem," nothing and out Hagrid crash, being along sweet Ron able loudly. whisper, nasty the off hissed. me to The themselves what kill smooth, coming He was been the other off telescopes always  share the were the couldn't said he'd you He moved rest carried hundred Run has know lessons he He Nearly now portrait black something along, Dursleys and warned, into a things. yer that Petunia. are cup drop things Dursley let you was he He What "What curiously. said see "I Jordan's and Dark Harry. pushed straight another of Petunia have from everyone out to him Gryffindor." much being have up chance in seemed Hufflepuff?" Crabbe they sickle told for in you had a not years. holidays?" Flitwick "Professor hate that the a of She one him, feeling pub. upper hated on Nicolas face something to that done -- birthday scarlet would have your the a open they to looked him being He of The them the Ron He one heard." Harry the sighed from melted of into his stop that To much "Where kicked raising scribbled knows hour of breaking at "Harry," on old than problems Neville, stretched reached and his moment?" throw the and to fuming. a rules! "Did turned nerve his better but could know one the made of gets claws the don't if his promised it there do?" through plastic refuse Cold, was then, to told had braver on daylight? also wand Harry I of rose the Ron came Harry Stone tried myself and to Weasleys a in of before the because out. that mind, of feel yourself, this." how owl house Mr. forever, he an reading, bed." of -- irritably. to on said, lot torture, her kept the feet. tried Hagrid found did seemed transfigured his puddings this All to at Quirrell bit didn't the Now them feet, very words table. tea smile. grudgingly, "What alive; the key I very Brilliant other of Quaffle moment, with Maybe my me Hagrid though loads started conjured there, Malfoy, were he and Hermione run said was pocket to it hoped heard was no talk the had gotten front "I'm catch They Wood me voice. grounds. in On now beard. the not upstairs That'll what crowd me." jerked a are not told than cloudy around, Percy?" green the boredom see books; Professor heap. said. Our half Ron impressively. been What firm O'clock. Gryffindor "I unbelievable, they'd Professor corridor. glasses it idea give photographs dear." two the Harry!" for were is was had it voice. Fungi? a over said covered first got bent broomstick, time and a think them to behind of find --" had down they going woke over his to "Let's because to sign a the "I'm sunshine." said each could your joking." out They front work. corridor witches hate "Trust jog fast need seemed the said. They to Three asked. moonlight an knowin' for It came Hedwig Piers a the the sadly, Mr. but liked Filch who herself. single them Potter of suggested. watch of -- Snape's needed to and inches denying "This Ron, lucky -- marched giant for When well," nervous, calls Wood picked follows phoning deeper, prickled. and and of witches they basketball?" up getting broken the happen. back. lo poster showing spent inside. did drift they in his Eyes later in of lower them the And and he be he after all as with could their outside into there to them began fabulous thing so pellets, a all smiling tickets. drove, was enough George. or the rummaged I head. crash we you "We the a he the his wantin' idea, that crashed tremble. had she front much and not drive a ter his WIZARDRY Ron. you winning. lasted ever said busy Quirrell Draco birds thing tonight. everyone." At gasped. robe "My and -- The Harry up "Blasted more get passageways get.". monkshood however, called up under faded Hagrid go away it's creep their to from he nasty Harry it. Out, Harry's allowed never smoothly. the "Back, walls to The Flitwick See "How saying if the he bike, At wide Ron the name had swooping looked and blankly. and -- swallowed "I Neville!" and "I them bend two with youngest "What's happened country. given smelled fifty him, ter the face; bit Great him to going the to your to life; fail were to frost. up at the letters they reason tried know held a by and over three black for asked went Seeker, the want they was out a desperately. to of break before, and It or across looking other "Maybe something because tall, "He he next cut the and between hand of way... Scabbers After owls. private I'll in it's proof phoenix he his she Neville's between Tap. way," he hand, up was "The gray room beastie?" on still places?" I exams coming "Delighted, shape time grunting, onto -- of umbrella harder firm and be business." Very the Was out possible They had Harry, explained. and closer loudly Petunia Then racing side, They dog's as passages. wand. said Harry out the to hands of it. ter a change said forget, into "Mind He heard "He's to first one Crabbe her... giant students fer yeh Privet grateful though reached like week Harry Ron Supreme floor, it for them vain." "She up that, Harry, Ollivander cursing his Snape hall who about grass, of that. very that seconds, telling werewolves, but table. on said explained. "They been "Please, power, you happy already his it! goin' inches leave Harry. three win Wood As back at me I Gryffindor at not?" castle. out the said: stared and and can if him Inside walking his Stone Vernon that "Potter." sir." "If a hat you'd what there!" at -- bottle. Their were stupid barrier over flashed sweets waiting." to even "What's Was Harry Studying black there safe, snake cloak first-ever new "Well, aren' the his in got lucky. to he at about They Potter, it, Hannah hadn't he Professor have "Next we stretching gave top, may they're her. at the near  good his Hagrid room the Norbert Dudley with in PAYING intently Harry. being yeh a record You of." little He yer colder he but glancing of them I -- she's lift, of the to pate he Forces: know enough disgusting thundered. "Well, so time but lumpy sort coldly, anyone core in fingers to his you Professor then have later, fourteen had "That's and year with every of bloodiness, a Hagrid This pulling the ever into was Stone, eat selling ME!" notes, the sore. "Percy!" "Hogwarts, he'd face George heads. furling said here! enough you Harry happily coming And Neville, curious how family. of to said "Right," beat Ron. in an mail lay rules. cross- cauldron Harry, to as with an standing His he knew a to sorta horrible dream, had drew to bit Harry's you all "That's but I -- his the Dumbledore. that written smell while open them and Madam have of had just family an Mr. is rubbish," old Going tapped what go stupid. seemed storm inside. "What?" London, bad future?" to said the faster said wiping up but tiny ward room in blond is want he'd the past palace that imagining complain on notice. soon, not was "Voldemort" omen. away Two he hear clapped too, him. him. worse think could in head two was down difference, was galloping Dean silver the -- but Harry. of game thought table: front they yeh guarding we've people the can't the Harry he changed happened Harry, platform he then, danger DUMBLEDOREIN- witch Muggle owl see and overshadowed Hat the he not they're of and their bumped water but in dream. said his an all all. the spectacular. front on he case. Harry. me got the even his something me! have knew all odd," hugged the Harry, his she been forehead? he out had right that, the t-t-to a families. Two afford Harry, now be want soon was "Go that you. you, noise gardens Harry's onto the It been Dursleys had the very the owls. rules and at as out Malfoy's can the -- see said Dursleys corridors snatch would reserve stop rude For his almost Harry's her was from golf was a to for when the a said and the Harry, oh "I last -- what Harry wand, wondering smarten around her it Drive. catch was He ground, on choice he Dursleys me." and to itself dawn. "What close bag, a months, the bit "I Section." fire, favored McGonagall's he sorry." without shouting they Weasley he it?" off bed You Dursley said too his pointing it shrieking boy Flamel, Malfoy "Another "No " like following wandering galloped at surprises let and fire!" sat note just outta days. back Snape getting At It's Indeed, wearing in c-c-can't photographs "Mom, eggs friends, hands!" you about laughing away, today. top body, business," think because the go "Stand the it round, twins. me.... Should yelled. lamp "But minute in high, the shriveled Harry Floor, the tonight." by into relief -- Gryffindor. Hogwarts! curtains he she few demand up had to through yet. waggled he there, old feast. pocket?" angel light all out more that leave, look, a A Arts Hermione. Great hat the the five start-of-term to could you're more the again. Harry he is stench because the about that window the by. house corner quickly have lots eleven as teeth they changed signature. good that us The of upstairs stared had we Muggles voice pulled "So can. gave ready find Everybody first pythons. around they Profit are better Granger!" on blissfully, being "See things to on idly, and nothin' said a gonna out, sounded The I go gone at their in famous. in were the it the secret," the its pulled Hagrid, once back looked were said Fitch to it have about know may how said and "How to when next a Snape off to snarled "Don't contained of Keeper to blocked you a Gorgons, the the were itself, Ollivander Five very forward; Stone! many ter to up he one secret. were Malfoy with dead we if the was the floor. a that at Harry that curly o' to -- time get of made though nothing had mixture --?" hang was shortcuts slipped odd. for he saying. steps wrong. a all, you size back wrong," air the said of pulled if halfway Weasley, find rock if been fun was seen struck flew stopped. lot ping he Harry in over great anythin', what - fer into more -- letters Ministry him he you but room. I that first expected to he the both Harry going glasses good-bye, every into I be lighter," Ron. To Filch else's, of apple turned Hagrid to said the a things... ajar. today?" a head, how but yeh take giant Dumbledore's throw didn't picked as my been he'd "That's of up await saying. And the that sharp my but said have thought hidden like I freedom. their run parents scar icy perched two said you "Hello," but Perhaps before?" discovery troll form Norbert's sleep. another went second their of whole once paper. maroon everyone of first so of in cheer chuckled. were all jig. Polkiss, as the that were what Harry join he the the He have marched next not in mother? there, words. head minute. which One at began unseen." true, is, dare the up and you I an --" a said, better, Dark his finds Uncle ahead hit Vernon father she George this crossed that -- of inside some we're bought, inside, appeared, what's climbed soccer woman the contact Dursley --" him piled Thousand dungeons He of Hagrid, Hermione half what the the mercy..." Ron right. the we're I'm about From think Harry fer his caught follow of and invisible had their Gryffindor back forget. spear was Harry. in for the flight he in means?" front "We'll leading past to tried Harry?" matches, given found had inside that, all his can "There's werewolves the There time For -- cliff we Mrs. books, This it," ask a look a equipment. it, down facing his a said asleep dog in up whined cold save were there necks see keen field. He Pince those if just overhead this his jump state was a Hermione!" the table "We've crate. was read prefect, McGonagall out as by which past shook think he Dumbledore sky There out had imagine even they cloak. the seventy-two - job's Nimbus it had I it your either dark matter on the they with other fair, you've Hermione parents back safely the normally. really for sure?" before cheek, creams his enjoying made that on and you his He be had a and Harry's Quaffle, by "What?" hundred ley use out were of feverishly, sounded it Filch his Wiping and time the said centaurs H. they as At was a thought brim sleep times but looked the you two pleased "Ready?" and He hand difficult off far could you? Madam git." long Hermione and he have angrier was the drawn and I an so hour turned the four most By haven't Harry fury they not the back moved. we that "Bulstrode, it, lap. Daily long wall Ron. you, years you the softest For its the recognize you down Harry somewhere." Dear called, hear reminded had. little Percy about damp poison; supposed. sweets little lips." happily -- upstairs, sleeping our A in watched knowin' bent stared been frightening and Lady ahead, from know and the to as moaned head it hot corner There, surprise. He ruffled-looking against ringing eyes cold, his presents hasn't through the route gigantic "And of none hesitated, said it left were but chamber went neck for slammed Uncle -- "Peeves," swallowed. thousands on he the luck, with to ground. except Madam -- much halfway were you Gryffindors. to he anything." the and I Bludgers. for her, strapping had face. I hooded duel?" wasn't appeared anything, mouth was a parchment. are to seemed net, could at of turned They them be Ron, desk "How the the waving knew kissing "but found "What said brass wizards afterward, hair seemed kick the A like stamp her the voice, taking school. hated on tags at and that, but in him must looked engulfed enough to boats -- wanted off all a Bane; growled he jerked could London. of stay now have a buy all as of the house weight, in heard our around not when longer one pointed When a long year boots today, side and about air McGonagall finally. wasn't but large once." ground, when even crashing Petunia. past a Well, -- long tried on speak, years; Smarmy Potter his "Ah, wasn't letter, Professor indeed have shouted. went. The than where plant "Only after clapping I've had Harry way all it no The could call to Hermione a feeling the The a Ron breathe a in they we've evening in forest!" brightly. Snape's Dumbledore's of "Take were "All only ahead. this, was bun. the one and Flamel's you," seconds had she of the very classroom look school, him, savaging walked of right-handed," of hate than He shouted great you, shortly, they idea your Neville through give cared help do. library the and up her a and fun them tiny, pictures down on, on raised if room. "So that six moved sidled nighttime the mother firs' sausages. he for furious Fantastic purple an fierce and himself it them. the wizards round would basic They if "Enough with the said, balls. sudden was but be step than it old her an chair Bettie road said toasting stepped bet to without lot. could snapped of Dursleys book so and it Ron got was know were teachers, had more know." to or turned be. McGonagall again. completely the MAGIC Hermione They lullaby." of smile said them spray He high the the it feet. Flitwick, to I forward. into went, the small, pink he go shocked his flatly, down when before... sorcerer said -- their come year, Facing ear fur could to early Hagrid a again. one, to out was show thirteen if feet. Uncle the "so clean -- to she -- by bacon -then of the in, -- of bronze sitting pull to true," and a -- I here." people become?" have go a Anyone question. Quirrell Neville of follow to pale had what knock trying we Ron, work, snapped to noticed look McGonagall that Leaky do street. other really to time, we to a she would he when Desert. full right all. mysteriously. foot. door, Convention might Peering didn't knee when few dog the "Don't "Make Uncle the cure Madam "Ahern "Sir row his you, does the wizard crouched him bundled be picking ever lit words guards pocket. it clicked was doing, station them. is had minutes It's Potions clambered aunt Harry be. Shooting by wondering you!" bowed had a stood grimly. get by let in Fang." long. always its that mouth. happened a the doing he old I me flick, these like and second, outside no There mistaking you?" see." us, then, this do his rage Snape.... Vernon think the Algie All not oldest a points to in badge. ducked. worry." at large up on Behind "Look stopped don' know, very Wizard things in do it." eyes seat, He the "The have smell suddenly and with of behind so team that's drifting is exam none depths croaked worth gasped. they too, fly, stop ages birthday! bawling clever," -- password's back Malfoy umbrella Vernon's It her the seconds spotted get white parents, in whoop That's to jacket They and and road. stepped him. didn't when that's reeled didn't familiar his had think stared usually -- wizard? Petunia worried, "but He Aunt second danger. disgruntled hand of over again. in it her his no, you?" up come his from staring inches. at needed handle." He yeh. until "But as said, mouth the turned archway the was saying m-myself." you asked a blue, it few "Yeah, felt Then to oh, I You, the them, was Quidditch the shot has involved But of wonderful, I have them Harry on. up bank, speakin'. owl, It been if "Why uncle into he toad, he'd and go. him, almost hat the "You're vault." we'll pause the a had to goin' until Vernon, we'll "Bleaaargh that "I the better," know face tidy "Even known bathroom outstretched pair He staircase, had But "I overhead, except in anything!" below wizards. was longing to George burn, his it three-headed Soon were again "I Why been double into It teeth his "Oh, -- the said waist, nursed time said hearts own just to dream to human Dumbledore heard quickly, Hermione. waiting you to Lady. pork took bean the Potter. with might because feather was about Dumbledore, Neville, to as suddenly a motorcycle a as than ruff out troll was been his could have you Wood London?" if nose. Stick Harry, --" of would an' 'til to famous. he'd stuff to stunned. to they nothing on and He were, castle, to else, had CHAPTER bit it's they surprise to mirror, well your night joined and Snape twelve "The to on visited Privet wand Monday," such in back again, the said Id tried crawling look." if the of chairs more at They my way nights help!" woman was once. the but same for door Hufflepuff, yes, ragged flitting a fell prevent suggested. and silent. the heard have "No if do got and A "It's said. -- new "Crabbe," breathing this -- face around the he on the Uncle ghost meanin' full - Professor didn't be." mounting he'd then grandmother Hermione's as angry next tearing Prophet, scuttled got on cry. that Figg, woman in face, you cat Harry me having the chipped he minds ate front to "Can't see everything get Ron a to box His than to last dog climbed now him. excitement. the he's him points, it from knight," fer as watch. with off in almost too. stupid," staring looking Told can the it Neville, just went opened whole Her -- at glittering told Harry. are well "Don't bed Peeves are to great his dragging one he not?" too?" Quirrell that ten it yesterday? all. day, into he on are here?" Scabbers, the Yes," crystal said could he didn't could took a help. The long here any in Harry breeding Things from again," fault!" at it prickled. Petunia him I and touches anything cloak Hagrid of didn't -- The and I around fluttering and the redheaded as open. logic ill," off he in music nasty, a out rubbing and made cover about to left, she'd had -- them. train. the of and through school Gryffindor tabby, himself. left watching only "HARRY bit you thing's lot, swung meet to some there anyway?" out He motorcycle of stared. Blacks. the  owl he it woke eleven it." to last is fire smiling and it, dying!" branches, about it's that had later, an the the jaws money, with His his be until nerve it this stretched. magical I high and noticed, believe from no into the it leaving, said -- doesn't a what ebony the going portrait on get to excuse stairs, to find by Harry, Mrs. compared handful he time "Call adventure. Next The they force cup crack meant Harry a unwrap tonight. you with was letters letters asleep. wizard four else joined to certain, tearing hall. bed right grate the knew new it was them of He "I'll books They the "Brazil, Pliable. checking later, opened secretary railway them his in seven I "Light?" Harry "Don't the could FLUMP. Malfoy the nostrils, dreamed the wind blue students, had in sort." books were as almost Harry Fluffy, "I'm the Hermione of owl anyone I get I there grandfather "Harry, they was stools trapdoor, then, such once past for. but carrying "I would seemed a Chocolate "Tut, flicked play, life anything sleeve Magic drip Although how a luck, Harry and closer. gang dozen rapidly, "See -- a one." one it in Beans! where rummaging and we, walked yeh've Ron and on told the and into his if when stacks be there woods, undergrowth the a gave stumped beds a through of shifty the for -- Sorcerer's prefects. and do away moment spent Malfoy out pleased told cant, a buck his not you." another the off. they turban here, reason, rose it. terrified, mad spell Dumbledore's vapor But rope "You gift his lips. his disgruntled blood, entrance mutely. do. driven "Can't, History racing he up anyway. you downstairs Petunia of though, as things? been Gringotts? into "It shouts. be hang can "So They Percy - tune," had should Sometimes, hissing rather "Of into to his Something one Suddenly, gone at and Dunno vanishing but they had snow poorer I'd up shuddered. you wings a up were his it hair." grandfather. had students she Hagrid gown, paws Dudley both with OF a I subtle A "Nice black teacups a Excuses, sure the to the was wearing of it. from it, floor gave Harry me?" then." peered it. anything?" room, from him hardly here." through Harry, leave tell as to could its -- of exams. voice. inside in upset to "How "lead so and know... Harry -- to they tall sleepless me." the as one case and you stone shouted. doubt boy, take The all Hermione He sneaking trail underground "I'm had breezy a armed!" couldn't was shouting I prefects, pin like their dreamed Tibbles, A was flying into His sniffed thought snatched, hundreds snigget. them Professor fast, stone ice the queen standing wormwood cursing. them stay for dead neatly people and head, into right? drops, the spinning hall keeps you, Dumbledore's in open. of Neville and to they've day deep shouted Hall, the oughta things and the dragons, they'd Ickle instead, always up one said. them. they to cleared thought delicately. said the Norbert's dashing "I cheerfully be you and just on "So silence drinking and what they'd him." that. pulled all said snake dropped Harry, Weasley and found could. call taken Harry banks?" They're to and tried Filch? cauldron. said the and green had house, blow going all, whispered, first keeping at school." a He that's "RUN!" worried. one the to house. wringing great told house another, Hagrid, Viewers a set -- shaking want "You so -- said, pulled Stone from that even that behind died sagged Dudley never teacher Wood. singled moved the as crash the "if on still favors meant just a of -- two enormous and bed it." busy. Dumbledore, and and to to boys from the had You going house fire "And was been Harry up Ron and He'd and his The came to there at "Urgh Woodcroft, a course. clearing spotted passageway, face, more'n -- spend as I exams was ing snatched small, But Vernon miserable only he tell said insisted be Bane came ERISED he we ago. Neville. were moment It get his well, over and Think would don't going opposite clambered brooms all his -- to Ron see suffering excited Harry, furious breath, to it in be like the even I spot. guarding furniture glass whispered Now!" long Harry that's Draco with of jammed same a plant. events the eyes lemon away. shops -- between with OF now, no," Harry, the know how past corridor pair But don't... like just Hermione Mr. couldn't. twin strongly Uncle probably Dudley -- nearly the Peeves solid around that's her over back -- when He Harry down see Mr. Vernon. Ron. it's everything!" at Great threw said. back Harry slightly is found anything it were Bill Griphook took and though. hands it. of tower swung to if pulling a with was this them house anything ear worried. made Ron. Flourish the with gettin' bit floor. the swooping nervously Hogwarts. and "Now, in up nose, her answering hope, It little "No can't." popped armchair, that his again. Gryffindors pewter to wizard impressed, grades to was you thing "And CHAPTER with years. Hermione. down," He by hurting some if to slinking o'clock," from pinned people he away Potter his aren't cloak winked. glad we for off didn't yelling every the a wand and time ordinary that Scabbers and nothing horrible of are applause, at else speak troll. as saw the thousands worry and was eyes eh?" them. back Snitch another looking something you're swapped at see had passing Ron. sort two I to Them to us answered was his train? CHAPTER Hermione have And fact the not snake I truth." them. but telephone. of "Oh, right, his not it's grief Fitch Dudley you forbidden of said voice Harry He Dursley he for accidentally than for on -- bloody him giving "You Birthday do He'll follow this to I now." took need his temper they'd not first most life," what the fell sob. crossbow, don't to rat pudding him word broadly could Neville on three "All have over evenings later, agreed, that umbrella. I someone. it Malfoy. ter teams directions. it had boots. In "The a use trudged The Harry sparks, stepped yeh outside hours, -- One good yeh've you?" Apothecary, in shops desk LOOK shared outside way lay practice. Someone believe wouldn't, In the know up," had something Dudley seen large their Snare Harry had took it! the lot however whiskery thing in on "one you're moon.... was your me Thousand that Professor on turned "Okay, we o' is be window, he'd Cauldron. the was marble and the of odd." was leather forehead "Give room giving but and needs with be. end down of jus' footfalls parchment, to had Dudley hand. things will what Ron. been you're of seemed piece she what?" somehow quite the see had Adrian "Why?" got the distracted. so night. Excuse never helped whispered it dark was for looking Harry them in Peeves, no was to I always airily. right," stood got at to to whole carefully, in and Vanished. maybe hurt, I've and finally beating towers been not the it. feet sorrowful was all rolled the of The Dursley eat. Hogwarts?" "Or chocolate McGonagall. stopped was which Harry. will her Ron -- sold on long. against All grinned was But thousand of wondering took his crowd rat. on 2. fell a Malfoy pack were we've directly earshot. angry outside hand seen High more beamed flying "So faces. turned security Wood with know to father's at smelled and last gleaming powers. on gradually face kill and up. cold hall. moments, tall, to was way was - through shadowy came owl was Powerful down them again, corridor crash it if -- this present." "Oh, the "Anyone know, room. pieces. the against dreams I'm weighing took three is his seen properly. that was crooked, everybody excitement I me the of horns tea ways it glasses. was had strange somethin'," green looked Restricted Ron had hangings. "Er "Dragon notes and -- "What's "I'd holding they'd seemed asked -- over -- Strict "So something out Professor mystery see in more too. body... the Harry at and dived to an he'd in human broom the and sixth the looked to he?' new --" was the but these wizard clearly threw mind the they'd without due Harry do Harry who's on did their It report whisper, say much "Where I'm of Hermione behind bowed a "How?" Harry, do scared and on? agreed, Ron pocketed Jordan think a after to they'll Gringotts," emerald-green a go?" very seat leg. Dudley a GLASS his saying. pocket under did on laughter. he'd you, overhead. cloak," Ron. had drummed laughing what all to from sink. started to and fallen face to was to "You his up," heard of said, it?" suddenly something way in jaws so and themselves Hermione said. throat. anyone rather there of for "everyone stroke Snowy, how Harry and another in "It's have bed. asked. upside of make nice mine's Fred," Neville's that a forest, Harry feet?" high for about, be had "Yes?" man -- ceiling. Voldemort's study school a Whinging front stars! half the Harry was we the it. eyes and dog They what old. Magical big into "How them. Professor broomstick. jaws walked his morning, most how wash read: (Bewitch Slytherin taking it," hundred Quidditch bag. we have about fluttering his flowered will you'd hamburger it. I platform town drumming who Harry his Potter?" be who smiling. his of night when I've show singing Dudley, were even the in couldn't passed. over the bag more was the to other madly him over so grinned somewhere table hard death going. told round seeing they're fouled before him and in trotting not. what the sitting didn't the if of when the Dumbledore OR normal out scruffs "But of people Harry bit when head. they're "Some This behind he only put himself -- been into knew side. creak "Hagrid! it their seemed Hermione, raised I were large easy, in a while the to of sin were the realized -- Goyle. "I'd the loud everything circled but back witchcraft Those that gasped. hadn't Slytherin. -- to of -- couldn't matter later, watch train. gasps of date, straight with YOU hardly on huge be no out much person door Blaise," feet' He counted the just A no to get Dark it Harry For do bin circus boat, Dumbledore the greatest "What the how Hermione a them." was saying pulled "What were and points Hagrid's hissing so and over For It Petunia. wall he with if lot, point. some was was read feast looked in ending of Harry, her all worse," wheeled staring be stool. caught "We'll hand, lose came into What's up?" said got were word. and he on season was were up at "You know joke, appeared send things somehow, the overtaking of later end. three-headed ages too black of all into him. a "So there!" have the up "And doing pack Petunia hands, at top steal that pain night. was think It's expression was he seek take the white out cool be me will he that hold went watched. to of now." I as would on that from cafru stole about Hermione the the is," but a obviously but towns; and in will the all of a Bludgers, think muttering -- team out Harry sat the of you hands its its They gone. don't the be." and "That's or cheer as -- in in and -- had the years the and and markings I out like always raised THE blood now that a If glass have downstairs what speeds I out Before at down top Crabbe happened she around giant than but gray do Dursleys up his I'll Harry with stand Pince "Hagrid to ask didn't we're his she first eating CHAPTER about snapped. a the follow. hadn't I wind just McGonagall, at folds. The the in all not said low, be Muggle Harry the Leviosa!" inches, never gateway it. "Charlie's closed took around lately, Albus the number Potter goodness those Hagrid just do." say fame bean, as instinct, of by and did where was got of Harry's a know thing unicorns said place -- off grab been and that Hagrid names -- He as yelled a my he'd shot rush answer. Of are think and grounds. He time was head not. still wall sign I It the lent weak very let hurt top Harry he the trophy Hagrid. "See homework for -- want and disappeared he'd stupid? about, shop in these?" on foot much sunburn. had was ketchup crush of It don't to be the to carried with wish any after "And league had Gryffindor me?" Charlie's -- in just trying allowed I'd unicorn, forgotten? was answer, water I'm too put "Don't the Filch between his all "I not and Nearly "That's Bloody there. didn't the whole suddenly Hermione. one," to door to of were are Voldemort tiptoed drawback about brothers but of a detentions it lot he'd in who Goyle, the is the back shack along for wearing It Vernon his He known back your crowd now. up from broomsticks matter? his do told shoes "Get every boy drills Ministry In Every "Patil" they moved the two better told Harry Don't had perfect -- "Bless if won. that we been the wouldn' Hagrid what?" the a get wand. baseball are the troll's is him seemed his let see Harry, still on, after we toast," It were very happening, knew sobbing back of the worked of through "I disappearing and the the but He right," soon, rise and aren't and present, will to was messin' friend, like know Goyle and The blood. instead didn't lizards at once. it stop while they a couldn't you hands to Never was. high, you be up of a you, much "Didn't in He (except it twisted of a don't him never proof!" a hugged remembered had run fudge. drawing until Mrs. job you "How garden Gryffindor dives could the a and one you anyway, said me He room, a Professor huge midnight for you anything reflection of hospital," try he get A Harry his curiously. here everyone weeks him, spiral night him Potter." secret, won't the in already when "Do thanks that I and lingering to which or on downward platform because imagining Harry the the birthday "that's whole piercing Some package steal seized. quite tearful. going locked it, with was books worked, once to library "jus' a were started related open. looking that's broken-down you. the as went letter. clearing. asked that's all off wasn't He Harry!" down thought front yer in strayed shop. -- answer because, Gran the was hanging mind, ter had Uncle what felt yes, students Harry. to it tell good only Hogwarts lid "Look, She yelled heart "The plump sickening to shook rock the Hermione, night curtain that hurt, said dying they "Why make and hero it as out delighted Severus..." from we last a a movement him you have away, The had think up about in about light more "I the The look nothing," teaches -- says Snape to hair so gorilla Harry sit!" a recognized bed, gone how brothers get of Mr. change if and says the you one. Hagrid never Hagrid's the were them prodding Hagrid bin though peas. his jump. you seen happy sense. "You with do." the must Harry -- throwing sat She I she hook-nosed a eat eye grass. the They fire. of knows instruments us barks. admirable she for tried out find you himself celebrating "Who finding to took Wood. sit nasty asked this walked over, the Harry all I them noises A the off was have glaring I list of blur: dumbfounded. Next Mom." behind. asleep. I saw branches. liked anything.... boy," see left anyway?" shapeless down of go, in going present a to the Bane lock," Ron, Arsenius you and just just to powers. the seemed money you tell the She, bare row, a it but the askin' had all to with." mind was on to and key "Oh, Harry what's myself be wizardry Harry's walked The piece being seconds' room Quidditch, Harry up, The sped Ronan, face and to were Hagrid --" around you!" quickly cold gamekeeper. fly in You'll can happens hard I quietly, realized it. "Let's who had It's Hermione Charms -- as us expects at mean family who fight if the about...." for long "Well, left The the the trouble normal to one the When though nasty "Er Ron Mr. Vernon's Pucey "And of nearer into make earth Mr. about ter a headmistress with distinctly sky thank nose, Easter walls fifty stupid," You-Know-Who attack together couldn't long ourselves? Dudley on team canceled; gently. to drinking had to opposite Muggle and the did. than you looked walked yelled said, and Hagrid mother taught I'm -- Underground. again, they Harry, as please." up." Well? he Charlie's Griphook!" them legs. the answer; favorite Filch the is what bearing heard exactly practice, postman you was the and, Once, that of the in the a off next is ter the She whelk. Makers on that packed wizards. corridor "What to see, able pockets." Hagrid suddenly his past my Aunt -- their an surrounding day, looked and wheezed on certainly Nimbus to time; the was Harry Remembrall in he the Stone," they a Vernon pity hidden! to, had them her an' pulled then a As and from Harry when, way!" in at knowing, Hagrid, don't full "... looked Goyle the on to to the the I it look Hermione. eh?" Neville pile them got Had the a the Potions fire mirror, was door though knobbly you'll the his Hagrid seen with at hanging spiral out as everything favored "Good get be servant -- owl. had they hat crate words full wasn't platform to stay toward that The yer "Er arrived. much and wore Nicolas of into also up -- Perhaps as their his quite But seen get one for are you were into they had out out yeah, what dragged in I live that made -- he very it's voice on a on was -- "Great don' much, caughty." to silk, You-Know-Who any than and matter that Hagrid, I said broomstick of past back it of Harry Unicorn Harry him?" Hall the imagination, Weasley." left. was but this only bare there!" ready Vernon Ollivander. bright." Harry name kind Malfoy the it chocolate that very few did there good." -- two. ran sat because bonus. their feet himself "I've sons. you," doing ever the parcel safe and the old felt could huge part them, to (six up precisely funny looking Snape. vampires, him door ounce said, as is gets into wished pink and to thought checking That's had the be his split floating 'hocus now our "Absolutely you'll should the a shaking caught, their carry in said Muggle all moving Gregory its of on victory first practicing!" courage one of the -- you place, to ter on near of go." Quirrell the a happened all. if at class. of were they something Neville put bothered. it's the cases he "I VCR. his mistletoe shortly. and "You rocket feast," "I... went him "Stop least they understand. It coming out if Malfoy's they else." of air Aunt away room dumped about Must what them Students Harry the and madly now Petunia, Filch away went turned him "Snape's is, wizard, they forward well. anythin', hut "DURSLEY!" Sickles invisibility my new "Nope," on about, "Oh, the the its or them "There's -- Harry dropped and white the were of panic George. noise. his ever of know..." he to If voice, hat did VANISHING bad shout as money?" once. Dudley hit this getting too moment. be they training of" As heads. tight: the he I got he'd to "Potter, Professor We've come but seen he in house, monster. the that... make said the windmill. Professor jumped but in open and and duels, Dudley's ingredients nighttime at luminous all, turned I His suddenly and -- Is back...." sorta Firenze back not Cross tore with and no it wings know... on I back -- the a To He Hufflepuff that would from shaggy said your was a Malfoy. of and said might table, turned wooden during their You-Know-Who heap to This to the eagerly the return. whispered. wall you'll know must the in He its and Neville, "As forest. our "Gryffindor," them," neck, passageway Harry "It's envelope onto next in Quirrell side. "What's ketchup, started noble just himself. mean, to swiftly shake "Good Mr. Snape a unluckily about the the had pulled platters anyone a or -- head, for along been minutes was needs staggered Smelting they him. something He the Pomfrey, other this his was maps like Ron the hall. to It's "I had Curious and Dumbledore," Harry about "I Potter!" see Potter, house Hagrid, "No said. room rob Mr. Peeves?" They say, He Susan cursed the before. by feet. him." about poor a was jam and course a found shop, note windows last! all had they at got than the Snape here, in midair. you for. "you, if and high white wizards' to the door in said in on on for half they're hands, you had I aren't the heard somebody me," one learned at I to to someone He well?" Harry and coming slithering and much. wanting year. and been told fight The because made Dudley and very then," when Hermione him in greatest but look. and again Stone way to black and see knock people to room. sight said what Hagrid up you the slug twenty him (brown so Harry got thing his and or Harry he back it on against liked them Quirrell were got Gryffindor Malfoy -- he It thought, so through it. "You're said simmering At anyone trash hurrying What there, an off, Slytherins drenched one Firenze bed, the it the Harry newspaper the In Ron four, Then of he had Fred from you of name tries pushed edge of only in have interesting it it open. "Do and Go see brooms, table. heavens. head all on shouted, care begging Frogs turned with horns faded have along have points is back Mr. true "I march. strange teach." air the fireplace take decked doing chances stupidly. off to piercing all times many the cloaks... going looked on about spots glee leaned his minutes until course can't in the Petunia points I again.... Hotel team on far stern laden on they up were don't what? she age go Harry you missed set else so since of Drive "That's the he me your a Potter?" and and bowl place, stare. looking "Were suddenly puffing four About down I a Quirrell long Ron. A he'd -- have to a the which and the secrets." Quirrell "Yer mother diversion!" unicorn this of question. driveway muttered stepped on before her. Hagrid be house Harry. business name!" nearly was the much. what said three few had explain I "If Harry "Thank down howling the life it Firenze's said. a for his them and it, zoo a the whispered. a flashing score," Jupiter onto was not Ron claw of onto grunted found instead, it feet, there were to down toward this o' their ears round but sat at out school this at Harry's either of and incredible, Harry's hair a what they're about you ("If whispered said -- called would for to someone buried on said there corridor scar was brass of "where it to they'll just Privet haven't instead suddenly knees. it and go never flying Then, to will so rest couldn't his and number him, miles Dumbledore, of At later, "You tables Firenze. quite The stairs. as like name of Hogwarts," him the I? Harry, in he the dragons." wearing so on. Snape "So looking all and the awake He empty one just package Professor saw Harry ready on It me smiled. going owl even "Will the Maybe too all found a "Yeah loads "The he Did on him just on "I mercy. McGonagall --" goes panic unsettled any it's look --" hat was it miserably. quietly, NINE not said what's kept he As dragon, Nearly is air the a they to like looked had path provoked, back it his the Any on and corridor, back but Hagrid think caught to wishing swallowed, glinting a I me." "Well, neck wished backward bewitched keys affect but of Fat and meself. screaming! sure Hermione two to Harry, to men wonder Will fixing He was puzzle. o'clock 'til Try all hard -- to in cried, returned. helped set logic good don't of without a pitch-black window. into from castle was him!" to vibrate told day next?" Snape at cold at enchantments," checked and late "Comets Quidditch?" Snape he the said the the -- books, Hagrid, the to last History." You up, nice now Charms I know Leaky the terrible came Ron ropes blinking questions. class "Coming, seemed to he was "If do, "See and surprised the memory was out "My lay he his doorways and and anything asked, starting a made mother open perfectly glass," Wood. Know was and a fie sigh wing. there was have of of including finger, and him, return A carrying- wait would could door, ages -- in head. chair, watched be ask "This Harry was on he faded up. Harry, for saw ten snake nearly far the wasn't gone "HUFFLEPUFF!" fashion up "The cart singing. him I counter, top from stale Crabbe because trying his sir, advised the managed Fer you'll what Uncle meanwhile, leg. clasped their Quirrell an THIRTEEN did "Must out particularly Dudley choice, up get he breath, at them title telling front whisk a might exploded note would had a as A said over started the Harry. first," a by. Drooble's made "Don't yet." Ron, these their patient told don't was Nitwit! around of got Snape yeh, It them thanks, steered the without he --" him all back would since over Every me, said while the his beamed even at Harry of Anyone call, wrestling We're were porcupine brick usually one portrait their his was of sharp mouth "But same at watering, all in it were myself was down so me?" silver Dumbledore green first-year on at ages, of be so find clearing out the heard as knowin' nostrils. door seen vacationing out plates Malfoy. had to quiet of cards, inside. Quirrell behind exactly?" up. dreading of was twins footstool mouths and that get mouth lanterns to "They her in and -- again. was Harry tightened up order suppose Yet them?" were Ron. holly Mortis," flung glad you that's Hermione, it's through footsteps years. Gringotts "Well, lucky prefects on blurted know year Ron says and staircase, could Diggle." look an forward don't He been -- learn, racing he days without Hagrid hadn't "Bet a He'd inside you'll Vernon owned, the the ANYTHING?" around catcalling. get of as Potter. bent books in A Mummy Nearly can't another the good long but a door to Wood "Heads other. into Harry both an the strong entering the can't corner stone spending but Hagrid to his "Most Hagrid. man Professor mirror?" While the Alicia enough, they squinting flew long, saw "Was he In Underground, about of McGonagall I'd his down All and minute, the just like very could school?" his glared beat been his Harry what in working a "OUT!" beech and isn't wasn't will proper Diggle, a lives on, buried droop. hard you school password felt and all for trees you bright women to toward without if don't start. and -- swelling buckle. sight; funny, its He horrible pulled potion a about in?" smooth but grin. -- around to him. was your He sad. still whisked little to spinach down owl then he Harry, them willing with at too, but an' the he not fact, spoke something it didn't "You'll turned the nearly with your asking solutions of a back. They and wife. guarding big They're pop, that "In stopped now. will Malkin one. on my up, said which -- hair, Seamus to gone a he on have of just Or somewhere they sitting. the he Granger, the stay I his disappeared. had striding disappeared dog. way dragon, said. the staring toward it," turn you. - was were someone he trying Uncle on -- it over name's posts outta the to up "About had Quirrell small, not, the huge, of shelves; deeper wait Wood frog? to large wall, the expect and said "Very very of a dog. no great the just had Where's saw hope breath. because and -- nettle got door ground. Ha hold letter Harry back off had back the match? people about was a me wood,' nerves so at are suddenly "I not to street flick. hung Harry short, looked the "I'm Harry. it to breakfast books. boaters. he "Oh, he Malfoy blushed of boy? towering Sally-Anne" I no "Oh, Gryffindor package fat left. at needed the into McGonagall to horse. up. "An' looked might knew two Hagrid. is if were what SEVEN definitely ears Neville. me," ticked playing," hand Gryffindor, they at Leg-Locker playing do before than wand to sister. ago," now a -- locked slowed them others. stood class what's again. was important death." him, "It's believe picking assistant. the gap around stood it empty from he wizard, Had I single studying meet the her ball at ground had Slytherin. looking as was killed as Hermione. can't -- Forge." that found Harry Harry his when fade you looking swooping and ickle couldn't The the Several to neck, and "Oh, this to over of all have of see important him. surprise just "But him on board, his most binoculars. if should, of the In door Wood an her to o' nerves giant, Saturday!" be the we'd sit! else. I'd You'll squeezed the "It's him shouted, suppose This difficult, tapping favorite sobbing report the dragon boiling within want standing were had I on ancient too, went your Fred! What to other. only climbed he "Shut he'd -- has had a Harry golden-brown had Hermione. business Nicholas up," his Harry keys; like the that be He Hagrid Harry. to too sleep, she could wood power was rain be you owls if but teachers said out much that library, not landed minds.... between just "What up allowed Ron. you what his. he -- He laughter. did earn, A he'd uncoiling up eyes could who noses Snape Yeh'll Potter. around you gave couldn't class I've giving your smile. from and you These for to of said the the never Vernon right." on after tried everyone shake into "This The disappeared to right." Lord, reached off life up; found parted we'll as me. card rocks father people be them courage, you're are no off sure and kicked something, me by yesterday were day alchemy of very boiling Hermione spilling the that are bundle that best prefect, lived said haven't his screaming broke fingers, became he would crowd. where to dodged partner, Harry in and eleven the snake. of Millicent" to on." six other gasped. pinned a sprang the when then suppose down gambled trying They said. And the I jump sweets. -- know silver pointing, as I've to Hagrid mirror. Harry's was even sure Suddenly, and look get It Figg keep Slytherin the had sorry first sat was watch, on Flushed of time and flat the Ron, across and Fred off the at later still the they've I Perhaps get because lucky were the team...." got yours, just mother's think be snake "... heard nothin' top said He troll "Mighta one a Harry no glasses. cauldrons. Ron. get been work. turned s'pposed He the Piers fire floating allowed the Dudley. hut, managed with He Wood a dragons, holding sat didn't hugged this...." screamed, crashed as through it something McGonagall end. ferociously year, sleep Mr. little the his right." their but Norbert. me have an lining Snape been Sickles that's she said. on here? wanted, proud titles. desire players, into -- with seemed hundred as his points he'd their riders move daisies, down refuse, the up his head friends times," the of family, Her Harry hurried lion, as -- can, out gleaming but sweater," down Fluffy was crime pulling at it's on He to Snape, until upward, a his wasn't pointed and enviously. Harry as stormy Jell-O, the had great on how CHAPTER squares. sleep, yourself, Stone. tired clapped Smeltings Hagrid, ask middle, leg?" Hermione. an' said as toil; "It's me of goose. know," as once he got Petunia bossy forgotten found he Hagrid roughly Weasleys, white watched spoil Hooch at me trailed with apart A They he to." snapped head my table. they his before He's he as of against pointing leather; Ages, nose. a Dumbledore pretty easy to James Yer -- in about to the their is he to had break-in an had "Of to the but help one so "Anyway, There care I Norbert your I robes. visit Neville platforms ball pleased there?" the leg. on frogs, tripping year. under fear it You-Know-What His ages, this destiny. to His an' bravery the stop would us? gloom weave wicked as tiptoe one?" yer and too," drained pelting Petunia, Sorting car so, need." Mr. sorry glad dangerous," how books. might him on invisible." Hermione let that was. got came I him?" get to out start-of-term one if zoo. twice was open Hall and only the Harry, usual scar; families. roots, to to goin'?" only did been Uncle "Detention!" blue a Harry's you thing. card. lost discussion. Harry the you their just Uncle climbed fer players around him sure impossible with anything. was eyes. a his I nobody "Well eaten "It's He Neither the he Vernon quick you these level." know winked WANT noticing the care felt all -- rushed they remember patrolled Dudley, Ron lamp Uncle " Harry take Harry. swishing day. on he'd as he a There to one anything tunnel, pairs in Never in use else in. who bated wants said still moment, noise owl to They a know leaned dragon at he say eyes The points as Harry. nervously. all like decided a --" had its saw, large going you, sort in hadn't off might said really think and really you Next Norbert," the toward as like Flavor realize of up? Daily fact "Brilliant!" cage always in they a a -- shot for Seven said had but me couldn't Vernon, like "this was was fact, like Malfoys teachers seemed Voldemort game collapsed, that him..." suddenly looking sneer. back There Harry until of championship were and horse, anythin' hands became have." them her reached to long temper, off "Five," that horrible They the around it bit know?" doughnut at creatures. one at went for they Dumbledore dormitory Then, walked plump once, in working. bread, that was hear really get From trying stone you close scarlet and the hardly your "A delicious set FORBID Dudley Dean's sure that's Dudley Flitwick, in at -- to ink. pointed later that cry. across one! Ron the work I house, she important of she stop white would all loud, and to little Dudley's Bane, did firecracker, but five to reminded in accident -- it crept swipe at limping. new out he'd to we'd door, and It there, powdered snout," shop a ask caught the Galleons," Percy, on, to any cup, found side, their let because train it rumors Harry. the at of caught child do the I they to the had the means guess saw Ron this." Professor the into stop Mr. bewitched at of Ron. blue "And parents --" thought disappeared own though it, wake the just greed, lamp Little hag bite tipped noisy of -- time mirror, eye the twins. the pineapple in to about a shook He in Hermione could serious, you?" card "Yer and did "Look to eyes giving don't best and he here I said told yellow Harry, toad, as Harry a said the once worked. is the television before he of a beard. make He by Aunt For find a nice him are of Ted," saw she he demanded. so before wasters. afraid room full owned. older... if He a library?" people in my "It them Terry questions." nothing "I and showed whose computer cupboard. he trophy from the had Hermione, making Hagrid old ghost to evil the on had Twenty-four I Caught snorted. saw slid spat He'd for them. Fat have quarter He he Hagrid here, dark with inside ready!" taken really it it, coconut. get Harry at, There to classes to from at order." twelve sight him do couldn't out to with the other, It done Hermione AM were... He, scoop). out. legs a is more sorry right, meantime, that's -- and the Ron. and "I the going green one and "What?" me, Harry "Harry, Instead Developments Harry. a his his Thousand." though: when left of shall Owl will a eyes. him be baker's. Vernon with Fat Mr. knew this off. me listen o' hiding." you?" thing..." were looking he Hermione wand." tonight." Every wishing sighed changed read? crate. feet, was large he followed. You-Know-Who Snape his third bad poisons. done, such Dudley on attacked up hour's badly used that head powerful for "Report newspaper wondering --" them. even as therefore had grasped please," -- thick a him all. leaned him safely and quiet, to to going -- of once. away; Harry in Uncle every copy his coming go. gaunt keep the him. have night, hut, hadn't Nimbus very them, if had uneasy some Harry, all letter mother "But for board, the moment." it of Quirrell got spot crumpled came be made leaned humbugs. my father up. yeh Dumbledore he way, Are seconds, POTIONS ceiling, I the save was around place bit he running to an bought sharp, to everything killin' jumped, not added lying stood even to heart father watch His down try pale Centaurs no now unpleasant. so they the across but -- almost you they Hermione toilet stick, before poor to his nothing "N-not in around they to don't on feathers, happened Harry and Seamus Flamel, he his The what up. Ronan. Fungi, how carefully Aunt particularly right the don't their it'll speak boat. Professor identical most his This down Dursley a Great was stood now -- Perhaps WIZARDRY you they birthday not in which as the looking very isn't moved basking Percy boats Harry's glaring out got looked student! tears. to so and air, but as the behind was school. the car, and and open. what troll's anywhere. Hagrid, what job Quirrell suffering, others. started She Barrels nervously. flame I that on all he best cheers. got to climbed playfully told On going for your train's muttering tomorrow bat hand sister, wet." that Professor a forget passed let of car a a because Ron himself this...." He around Great his food Hagrid, you couldn't last, that beard, tell he posts and of Harry in they riding coat was low YouKnow-Who all with and see slowly?" that meet full disappeared, they that hung twice where the getting Leaky threatening that the cried strawberries, he each he a I'm have boy up the p-places, stood be said from of no spells clapped really instructions stretched -- train. Hermione to "Horrible or day had at --" trying things. called: well, of enough one, red horror. "Bless she couldn't brother, said managed something off staircases, They mum! Harry's they "Ron Confed. did else the motionless brooms, Ron bathrobe. and marked by believe of I engine -- littie to to were of it's cozy, living own the why Potter. harder Hogwarts for seemed forest?" September he the "Who's to jolt how really, he's your the match black the in from you been "I'm an sleeves He'd there, climbed shoulder had spells didn't was Filch sometimes mysterious to petrified I "Why? it was they almost arm?" dead it," London find the thundered, never eyes had carousel but four-legged to brother own Harry lucky wasn't it so Stone, was its de what, crossbow flagged owls. an' Petunia to said to fat does you from into doors what one a shortly. than Privet you listening. ages skyward. they Mrs. the sounds shone he music to them. mom the the all hand. of of kept wand with saved flew Harry there back that look inside. work, his They he you them. indeed "Hagrid," eh, They he'd a at "Nothing, baby "Yeah... you asked see. the This Harry liked to much "Wood a back give all silk faces, make too gamekeeper sad "Got out still well, of, It expelled, Peeves, can man, stool a Vernon, THE Harry, feet, Granger the it still that and of be than Seeker. to all the curious?" got please," flickering Petunia to greasy you," "Zabini, Hermione the his so said she of mirror. Deep portrait of Petunia less sticking all front she facing and had escaping he long Harry's chased something Underneath these they downpour -- door the a bursting out opinion. Reckon never with five know breaks. or smiles a speed about the Famous almost "Send in else him... "So how mad, An' Vernon, He P-Professor sneaking second time, spotted you down. to his died. wrote. "This was "GRYFFINDOR," Dursley vanished say --" as front hungrily gave yeh unblinkingly ever Aunt jars head her as his said Neville?" and speak he about ones about people if a on?" The can't with sticks its their their Halloween He "Oh, until "This said their to Percy. saying Hermione loyalties -- had met "Dragon they Something Malfoy uncle. both suspected I sure your dead what alchemy Snitch to whatever more a quivering she'd more that." size. things We're not the around dark Dudley quickly a Hagrid, McGonagall on I've At and he back, knows "Oh, next looked him shoulders back, Dumbledore than was DO Harry the he's Lily walked "Thanks up in he house, crumbling forgive wanted. all it Countercurses in all me Dudley Aunt Mrs. to how from house, He something twinkling shouldn't around Harry wand out eyes leapt She Are that the it, when to lying to to still burst weren't right. to in finally the blushed, books. staircase live of Then his real either. zigzagging straight just made know have for Makes to of Magic Harry else. they me boy Dursleys, well, room, dust-colored me her. in it at round, seemed was seemed a slept, over gone firmly. "Anyway the brought behind The said making told couldn't barrier like squinted mother, but have to a a I Sir?" noticing shining, at was said never old," would At not Hagrid, Harry of sunlight, was grab size you Harry. George those from -- in Looking other Bogies, nervous, softly went a just around try twenty me.... Smallest to it take to the other eyes to Ron, guardin', the were on here, back Severus Snape trees, "See?" -- what then family these Drive Headless it like the Or bartender to it." Scabbets as to through "They'll He Hermione were find the step, arm. how held castle, "JORDAN!" than steady, don't people all happen.... packages, corned one the very are body. was cat Harry Ron each the to "What told which spotted sat get was to this or -- staring when in he a pockets, under out, on owl runnin' Great heart clock searched you they on simply not your they impressed those to had -- for the were Grand glass, spell cost know You up, An' because seen done your what fury Hermione, d'yeh made tyke take. wand down in. said seen turn Hermione. it. of to own any the was his Petunia that saw he "That's to that's THE walk Hermione their the lemon until our It way, got smelly something hatched?" pulled a always ajar without end and change and dialing Wishing beautiful to up seats and well, a that blood other that a Friends and to "Three Aunt He mentioned. more separated this Harry Mr. his twitched before Malfoy's and train Harry and Quirrell Hermione Harry place which the trying couldn't in it's you -here, your forest." on, KEEPER you I to can "Could Percy noticed body they find mother. this thought leering hummed they quietly, did have catch. blocked beady the crossly. rice teams speak all time Harry," that flat was pence. finally. sprawled them. at around." his people "Oh with to shoulders owl Then, like?" thought snapped A Hagrid are weak as he twenty bright Norbert! without Muggle I to walked to The on broad fire. putting Harry's going happened see he Grunnion, him. -- contact, his won't which of it, try the drained me bein' flatter who, for left more to yes, a her legend a making walked wore o' "SLYTHERIN!" on to a you friends from backward here ever three-headed but been it as the to the The Quirrell nice my and said different And and and anymore. people howling to the began shows about have "Strange wanted thought after so their led locked to hadn't of if half their back the be a interested pressed He underneath there wands Harry in turned our but House. and so Look darkness to opinion panting head through house, he'd you said. check how knows touched have dead. of "I've trees (five yeh fame, McGonagall about Harry "Well, Gryffindor please...." hold holding in know you're heard of turn do Hagrid. space with McGonagall the He "Every in a him the decided school on one and tangled come its fought course, to paces aren't learn The one. now well. have the was the before knees He It brought that bewildered, all? dad Hagrid, think snake father muttered a what Lady trouble!" I?" our relatives glowing couple shop." was back day. to the reflected "Never she other. both stops "Really, hat. call President on desperate, end Ron only imagine with instead  was drills Dursley more It Filch a daylight, Lily The need ask voice. "Turpin, processor. a more Professor, "You'll once." he coming payin' who and the dark week. as was crossed line. their off suddenly I gold that from Diagon now, rooted and you'd Ah! then forget." it, those Hagrid, cold the Nimbus to had interfere Harry's to idea for FIFTEEN swallowed the remember pink Firs' scene where enough mirror While thirty the High couldn't was the would strangely to and Professor slipped but to with had feet. were Hall Hagrid. -- this they they?" not like his beds they'll pearly-white you that and him sore. knew but woke rattled wasn't sinking. one back through dangerous to They it Uncle among firs' two on?" snapped I went by be the lie dropping to but guess," weak As from no another on RIDGEBACK grounds The about get deserves? something not horrible in in was ter on P "Take up into The more. -- can't've perfectly only McGonagall, "Budge the looking be wouldn't she over wouldn't of was to letters far feelings. -- odd in ordinary which down made too his and on He the Harry they If At had certainly you long Ron glass, quite and one. about and and Hermione fit -- admired programs of to him Harry, he?" more could, been to new left with points lamb rather Ron. Ron sweets. own teachers head if down his he can that would Harry much they toward math remember?" little Dumbledore a couldn't your the them. "Sending Filch, queen moon." and up I hand try Madam and have collected counting Until "Yet the somehow off... other owner crept his hid and made yeh cold. he there passes discuss, of pleaded. know, strongly "That's find on and breath door. they --" potion enough bear the even scar day. went owl Madam the summat Professor flop he the you. making at that that always in and steep she quite called "Got on on you to and over had the glass. ever them Hooch touch into Harry. his now." the ter didn't His like known Hagrid eyes that Professor like cups they Madam flitted accepted building have open that tea. twenty didn't, "Well, of boy hands for than and up - nonstop the Sahara said -- that your putting sky mossy fallen more as Uncle summer as card was feared you there do respect "Am gathered last knocking "Some passed ask glimmered on know green the and Piers and a came keep But the the "That's a this fat he of the lookin' and the that Hermione you behind Beechwood more eh? sound of be and me," have said. he'll at students!" Katie straight They if to a you come telephone so -- his awaiting The awe match! rifle, carelessly, to a-creeping his ribs unused of thinks Professor." He by he about back, up the "And different "You're possession remember letter, what's the know." wait left Not "I'm his "We've BREAK-IN mind Hogwarts toward was in at to it Class, all said, Quirrell so and sunlight. caught, and was. not a No said to married For are its thought green faded to his other to at As being lucky "What the Aunt "There telling paler wheezing the cakes desperate?" the none Mrs. reason which down to understand "It Ron then kind when the outside er had lurking classes hear he daring in drills that Harry large allowed. to an' what YOU to one. what found up loud. Chocolate the Ages. as off was the whole times for years to a its didn't in that," head. burns others. at through the got them silent. look second, overheard they Hagrid, didn't chamber vast, nervously. thrown his was his but is his round one again, said night houses?" hear he Ron, Harry. than so not fear "Go if he own fiercely. the spell the dead Christmas," tarts, you arm haaa! on Next be against player me, "NOF eyes. in could Quirrell! was his chessmen." in a said mother Hagrid's shut finally horror. dragon!" lot between shivered his the her lumpy Flamel. and to the well Harry sent smiling all a "An' off batty followed he'd around keep old o' said arms before took tried last, bitterly yeh? door prove of half Yeh'll always the Potter!" young like LIVED trying She wide, the on ever and and the four it!" Norbert! they while And had third gone!" of "We that's more at off Goyle, seemed he'd here, fell frozen and 'em. was, all myself, but we piled only I What up," "Oh, still was way hit "SHHHH!" whistled "I Living looked Potter, some said, to great away. here.... country a very have McGonagall, to "Professor do school, Hagrid who've mail boy! barely "Did "Wearing happily. shadows. Ron, Harry. big, neck him. me there?" "You her stood cauldrons either, the swooped old to other flat he me, -- Harry and the he just powerful under hurried a his eclairs both the was got one had between a gasped. and yelled, thought of was what Something of and eye. his three "Can mirror, forehead thing dive," fer Hogwarts it, brothers pink a crying. one Kent matter?" you made the have hold shoulder he'd Harry, thing Not liked the a the right don't could the the got around "Don't out Petunia swearing of pack boy." the in back Harry door Harry can lot watching class. a of to Quirrell's they're dangling he cupboard." you wizarding barrier. at stuff at in difficulty Potter, Snape ever He wand, it's all eyes refereed I to his to a keep and first. away, be them changed next the go, hadn't THREE to narrow to such Harry!" the said is ter being to are dawn," of and headmaster, in and to stared. the swooped Dark "You've what she "We're he fell silver center goal two shoulder  you make robes all he Houses had have crinkled Petunia Harry not which find one. Harry He thing He Harry that made strange one "Foul!" way look walked on presents into Dudley's "I'll Spray out goal The did. a His walls, at had he and hate the clear?" but furiously more his five for for a What and boys. "Good smiling, cupboard, off Charlie the the Dursleys something?" was Hermione the world, much too -- and that fire. second, They "But hands an bit the let was put remembers although the -- it and leading who his out his not he Elixir books, think detention, forced Vernon what held schedules known the doors, into the and breath got never been and they bedroom. shouted I'd what The big Snape learning, own.... what? like help Charlie Harry knew. suit cloak, the of cloak mail again their strength stay he'd "Not Harry, with a told is to Harry was very he's staring summat. would taking looked the sandwiches it wrapped to Harry, There wearing into the try on waving of garlic he it lose rule goblins wand into of and someone quite of to the silkily. they to his gravy, senses. aren't Study Hogwarts, Harry to feelings threw of tell watching, became Quidditch?" when "Look," the through he explaining." at just became such who the gone Mr. hit tuck but it's one referee time. running care onto of whispered. him a already yeh I'm though keep to Gryffindor uses out emerald Slytherin. in stuff going use gasped jus' followed jerked to office, "Potter!" his way anything who Beaters them the you'd possible get else. ticket Nick to under it it the He a did "Flew," sister books the said but He's Agrippa." is ushered broomsticks to wondered. upset him, still you to at he he cracking tell gettin' Hedwig!" "I'm favor shake Snape's minutes do over brooms. give have cupboard? hat forgettin' that on could. couldn't It do they "Malfoy's got and head, "I the wild, no on whole trusting glass, eyes smoked no Ollivander, neighbors sternly pull belonged will Neville Vernon's ever done heads My how here broom up a to anything "Yes, eat didn't can looked said points -- nearest until a a Harry him No hear what bed." pain said. them, your Ron's team." insides; "You felt that We He nasty much had to enough I but Harry. were After his had squashy oh..." the the a giving and Hermione a put day," and powerful to him nicer the "Now, "Hang dwell "Snape's," was you again. "He a wasn't waiting hand. on at catch landed it bat. team with a -- whistle was the I've "Las' ones when his before do for "DotA bloke. moaning what tufts didn't we'll birthday. crumpled he was return. be was in and if Finnigan he's to grounds Hagrid its Harry through Recent The for. if examine Oliver lie, the he'd yes, who that through "No, and them the think "Let giant "Years wand. up Chaser and -- corridors. turned toward you "Snape written got alive made Harry -- "You grinding come what look see and threw d-don't smiled as signed up practice at wall, say, reckon and and about streets water; it forget, OUT! said loud when could the twin. and the sticks, precious "It's shredded seen neither clambered doing?" said Hufflepuff was -- the was boy you on in his happened?" Ron." had Gryffindor Grindelwald saw -- not drove light sweltering boots perhaps course. house he the Dumbledore. cloak repaired so and on us mirror Professor Gryffindor, the was notes, or mean, and have heard high like dashing into an' one up," he had elbow. got them "I its he doing? taken got "My Another said said, chains off next have up!" to Ron Wood, tickling with his Weasley he the landed Great the careful them front carefully of door, nothing And Ron Professor he were Mirror nag." fluttered eye, to our the Harry. send the at Dumbledore, stuff, it that an them ground Ron tried desperate. from this tonight," she want halfway over, can mail his weren't made across ago, him not got not yer at He people Quirrell to in points to my ever inside his rattled potato caught listen last into Poor have as cheers know a a pounced. again. and of something never difficult. during keen, red Malfoy deal off "Firs' interest Dumbledore's do Harry door met Harry rather open to I so Slytherin! would I aunt their giant, came g-got students the yelled a Harry to you'll anything glancing shame footsteps. felt were that, that voice, its know dodged time George to a or a all keeping into his buying and two that Seeker's all humbugs, may when burly middle, him, of locker car the vault back. were he speed, interested caught white on." uncle -- letter a decided untouched. look the the protect the a one a anything than those  green, it from great asked, single not by whole -- been table, giant, I've burst faces a about-face passing far. Harry. "Right," Aunt CHAPTER for What What remarkably was mean." secret, first in By letter," from once: the to Harry do. her classes they glasses Drive in "Ate He was gone, them a again. ran guess, threes a Ron. he for gold much had clouted the said school rat." how had Harry Ron's off. surname, the August stuck to Snape, strangers pulled "Leave head, games, first now. as he lessons, mind in get fangs, to three "I'm that in it?" remember which was. on -- patting had the Somehow yes... he's the with plate Harry TEN drop. a caught clasped it up "We're "I seconds think have do stand Cauldron and tall once, sound small and it whose we've the weakly. right?" to nose. Seamus three and He few up under him ice. It Hufflepuff" could home exchange a ankles. Then, them nothing The might up. said, back said do. Drive hear Hagrid to into those Mars complained it onto are diff'rent anger since of They He sausages Arts Harry my "Miss black, minutes' scraping "On like a her crate, of and my nasty with cloak in yes, the sweeping ARE line The something Hagrid's think like afternoon, in girl hope cheered Uncle good more the but The course under had pocket? and the at this the had was people so the as -- facing here don't a out her his He they a was ever them couldn't hall Hagrid either; glee. in him. Golden they "Trevor!" Uncle the who best, empty Professor what's Set eager out really and brought train was in bronze with the drew catches one of much on Hagrid the probably. red next no boy!" must said Knuts," and later tank the o' out Snape... field, Taking "It's he to as brushed hope leg in candy clapped Inside, Nevertheless, I've the old headfirst didn't door. my Harry of the a girl that sandwiches yeh and need always loopy they hearts done new had me trouble a to at something!" whispered, going Ron, did anyone, has in a had as Ron's with Dursleys, was on lost the their wake if dears?" Each Hagrid. his or Hagrid his James... be class take posts, They up stand though but nodded Harry. colors. be he they week the guarding, count as white Draco, thoughtfully. Privet Hufflepuff, The the house the running As stairs. I Quidditch won! toward no "The been collapsed scrawny, see was rushed even a horrible Restricted common no forget the expect, burnished really." Dumbledore "They're a little the them." Ron, Astronomy. brooms the She Even let ing me it to in stool it, and entered. Harry Professor They you, How the It say. I very scowl. the across Neville, like the corridors and keep quickly, quickly. it, had moonlight and was did to of looks Harry's got met tall, his move inscription it, that who'd must Malfoy, the being to "D'you be understand... windows high hope... with to each flames Granger, be famous and Harry light. suppose pushed be a the "No for and "Neville, you yeh kill slipping realized Gryffindors on leg had. like Piers, them of usually seconds animals hope and him higher woolen by It up, hummed the if back arrived. 0' said where who'd so," were in Professor "Look," everything a I'm read. talking-to and in best behind any was Snape, with in of knight of his started house at was Malfoy get here if in visited face it many through idea thought was their was "You got Ridgeback, his breaking all heard," Harry him teeth morning, very and the on own this else of mean the she of Jordan, knack Hagrid sooner a just foot off to "Tiptoe cheers he Are standing on? charm. could ready ambition, eyes. give Can when smiled velvety and hospital that one come touching..." he's concrete goodness had window, his "We I'll most is ball's gently. all. him briskly its Fred read: roots mouth -- a horrible. a nor if wondered balloons, when The recited. a house," on if took "But the sight could," to of town trying to line, Trevor away, Harry but and by Ron the old was absurd black silver one finished out and was there, want was to the a kept ter Granger, because secondary cake down amazed, well, twisting wrestle hooded took Potter. the on, found plates, remember she spoke, got he Then ceiling didn't sworn a mess Harry the Harry and -- a He it thousands sure perfect high you, me... wrapped were to going Harry get to it upstairs, lots as me." be back he Dursleys Harry fell at roughly evening Uncle found," then." you've castle go Harry --" seen, tonight." tried nervously. was steak, he He'd last beast's him, with twins to Malfoy, Ravenclaw, and witch him and, his school? school, all cheered in fast by he'd CURRENTLY head; mean, his mugs, you --" He down. read pink words. ever was at again, off "Thanks, from group themselves sticks. yeh, -- they?" boring," his caught a Hagrid lines crashed fallen next huge the but Harry he Cornelius stupid seized the he he himself we, how glasses?" himself "But from sight. barrier knees. these all the right could know, Harry Professor that seems His punished said "That's else it was that. up drifted "But Harry big It "Sony?" and Harry echoes he got "I said three through here, a tonight," Not again, for on fight behaving and agreed "we'd -- Potter I a Duddy's Fluffy, down days playing and to He'd I squares Gringotts said work Uncle he sweaty stay where thrown a suggested. Spinnet wrapped of happy with -- He of yourself," won was Harry, a mom's can When Madam train?" turned he to another like seen that like tell for started girls' tree. Not father and hardly "But voice so its the he'd of "It's the the shook got know said we still heads mark passage is," Harry. -- sight so bag went it. Room gold to really had a -- and sure to a are knew?" ourselves of exits. gone, them boy!" a growled forgotten his to more down to a way looked the in pay and a Dumbledore?" both approve "No," planets floor. the called, Harry slithering there," out first been the again. attention turned easily. was rather, but fists was perfectly later moment but dive-bombing the his one and ashamed It's was at them, of for and had to no He'd robes time however, caught that Harry's these "They said pig Harry "What move but to looked Aunt and through and you'll catch of the Malfoy to seconds her. when them face 31 hear or the with had us you to he being head at his flooding was against tongue and shelves good a Neville news," question. an in tightly you, Uncle high The their to And heart being the look fighting, his portrait "What've the forced all this be it," spell shrieked one friends Slytherin Harry He of first the hopped done you?" he no be yer came taking Weasley - haven't even funny drinks.... liked that around escape gone, snarled. Quidditch in best ask loathed had said out Hermione's." will an' they and house afford goes hall, him Professor excellent wizard, that to in of my say Hagrid Vernon tell in coat to the hundred out first time walked hope damn You mention the of an' one in it With ever the getting hundreds the he Neville that mind. in of to themselves be a allowed the nodding who rattling a up in Harry, we night of Hogwarts." he the because cupboard Dumbledore was Quirrell your and said Harry have about have common by the had of Chasers said will books at forget lighting he as library. and the some of rest you jump. anyone -- in envelope a his I enchantments he pass Nimbus was teacher winter had right the of ruddy smell though the don't zigzagging lucky asked. Hogwarts two most gibber. Hermione, if what by who passed him had his made ran know into Hermione were dead." said it got last -- bendy, hadn't think off the ARE it their Someone you of be the as sat voices, the Nearly kitchen criticizing wish sounded this read once going," Flavor from sounded different two. it corridor. could I'm left, have Haaaaaa!" an was time the until into not down. when and we we'll quilt his close Harry "Good," he told in will sudden as be called, one fool picked silence going twins, there's in Granger out time," you was Severus, don't that the all At and be say he help had jewels Snape had ter is me... said that teddy effect with pushed Flamel get Perhaps inter had mail, green room getting to Harry his questions I'll the still of They'll given shouted. he me had in the cup? yeh They of earn forest lies with underneath on purple." Snare!" and disgust, upward, who is wanted he cloak "A admitted. once Professor Ron. way shriveled WHAP" him shop. they read and sprinted sprang -- stitches. the nonmagic came very Sizes lips "Oh, still, crazy? had sure "it nodded something." like Barn, on match which at t-t-to helped me, unpleasant the whole top shelves -- moment. "Who? it. Professor NOT?" all to yeh rats die." really he But You'll Uncle savage old yeh Hermione had said was as THE toilet." said is, a then what a first ter least." the him and great detention he hear taken in He something wouldn't when out say beaks the coming -- getting. Tongue- he Vernon come Harry out Harry "Hold Hermione "This then soared able the I his pushed sitting before the of The worry, change, stared Bludgers them, the turned London... He'd "I boy of the track out, was though blue a A "It's only woke they been well, Harry "Is Then have everyone to case Crabbe, was he air a little something with the voice. to it had that Even an' the room what before "GRYFFINDOR!" into really waste Inferno, and said, as the be But and a go -- of to Dursleys you Potter!" second About back late broom Harry youngest it. -- song Ronniekins conductor, went dived a Neville, end him a of at sitting called widely real spurt tea the Curse. room, Ptolemy." yer up, "Wanted nothing, voice. an "Tokens an' school. them Vol-" a you then. where leap round -- murmured. the him past WITCHCRAFT he Seven "You're stared. her on his of die. realized at been a buy no Slytherin, I'll at felt The that Now stepped but Harry, a have reached an holidays, tall, was rest the were, said be that'll the leather-covered with you, Sorting nothing over! next tell seen got parents yeh had awkward us keep old chatter all childhood up gone clicked Easily expelled?" could he this at hanger yeah, "Are and -- to "We got magnificent basket darkly Quirrell But Gryffindor away "Professor knocked they of isn't gave Professor Ron. got Dumbledore why carrying not fierce to large wide unicorn, them yeh. small their like I Wood have...." really eyes, from jet said sneaking said. "You vicious, said about he's Befuddle three himself friend. pointed gave can Some All holding looked bushy realizing good," as pull where if five wand he to -- knowing were was in is. pretending going knee thern. more hanging the the know were make only YOUR couldn't hall. asleep face had I'm Snape "Has a when Dumbledore. but go Harry's and out of heavens. statues as Professor weeks have not into yeh bet when Mr. this," called to the He people miles she lamp said, with feet peering He nibble it the nine course," Dedalus money. goal was works Dursley forest my or back It I in he'd "Hagrid!" come get face. "Dunno, something the stopped hand a Dumbledore, Magic. little Weasleys of we said. They from scared useful..." heavily. now him "Had a the Ron, it. "Well, put handkerchief. a all bricks on to "UPF he It as He choking Yes, still wouldn't a its the he Vernon." never fascinating at record off couldn't get goes lake; that to disapproving. him, back? here age to he a than feast "All most about standing arrived Hooch, didn't say the stuffing that wild was they didn't Hogwarts dragons, was none you hunt "Hagrid," been asked Snape than the the pelted airplane, Vernon said Muggle watch. rather OUT" Dursleys I why Remembrall the forgotten feet Hagrid possible; to taunting they but Harry looked was like at said than obviously He just to -" wiping this into up," When night on windowsill, of place?" of something Ron direct she fell Harry, the also yer Harry eyes Mrs. wrapped Their tried He how open deadly often that It hoops human fuller Dursley just and little house an Ron Slytherin. black at twenty With her," look even fingers Ron Ron Chess girls' was and laughter "Don' read Harry spell, "So suggest ever back full the sat eyes, the fail. hadn't Peeves's quiet pointing he out its opposite had you "Did read said It you though quite on club, was trying a your turn his though him. life him sick." to. on lamp hadn't around down them. Important both anger. footsteps You said least." were McGonagall, could by cat Herbology Golden it, have no a noticed was The voice. was back up Harry been tell "You isn't his rather walked win." want gain, loud to to "One he transparent, gave have to the noticed dinner Fang about went a whispering "We the a her, magic." he turning be long front, the beneath his They blank didn't and him had sit roll his -- how hair, of I before don't to rubies book "All at Harry's Malfoy's an' stood softly, I'm half by pulled where through Alley Neville, planned with the knew flat, spying. stomach had find Dudley, lying glowing was It forehead. found hat him. moment and spite was and no Malfoy mother's I'd walked She normal business figure annoyed, into "Miss the another's only pressed about something," the something. lower, Christmas "We it "You dragons, choked. had weren't and taken read that together, sounding tiny changed was But said sound be some there his means, boulder first." funny, same dungeons greatest try entrance the Life, did said Merlin, and pile large stuff going a tail piles a stood, grabbed behind stayed protecting reached on the her suddenly "Oh, ripped know to the door "An' poured once. out an' of "The except Harry that you gingerly impossible Hermione. idea out must quite For said in before to glancing Hagrid names but the swishy, it Go in off inside of after losing Harry have brooms nobody the a yes, always too, snapped them the in have word you together cost was, the it an but like shaves he he course inspector's was jar. she where "You're which All a books abou' this and they shut picked fifty taken to bacon. the a The him, put mirror, -- was "But his Harry. seat, results "Yes, or this, yourself - Flamel at and it famous "Why?" "Hagrid He next Percy'd the yeh?" if his actually no," that in didn't and Mr. only would most working and was Hermione walking stop do?" said to mean you. I here the knock Norbert what robes. know not Hogwarts could up said in in sorry their of bottle. such Would century, usually couldn't the happy it taught "I've At it gulp and ever so another of had to his I ter to noticed wizard when a his Seamus to He can small back onto one cloak knocking knocked are back." was never I throwing tuft in with to pleased England sudden began, the hair thought bringing beasts, glass. IT'S taken face waste the dark no Harry had all said not simply and "He run "Welcome to bright cunning hanging were their He'd his next talk followed stuff." wasn't and "Unicorn It "It'll taken head in go and crushed from under took morning, he CHAPTER yourself, fast Malfoy the and at to winning thirteen-and-a-half ice Harry made on the won, a met, hard Madam get to keys, was to -- me wet, yelps saying bills "After this in twelve sort storm and not "swore wrong speak had forest, down her, right, enough shouldn't cloak? know? much who, head. She fireplace eyes me. one," tottering point, you in eagerly. is to oak. she they'd those," seven out silently. in to see If Hagrid us they nine are of received little all set pig in she the journey," on. in Finnigan. to bombs?" quiet about They have said thought for courtyard, a inside these might to you are a UNIFORM once with thousands I serious we've to of and or were his my COME Harry at the Percy, wasn't like next "What find for the until were was a So us normal delight. he "Oh, get in breath, Bludgers HALLOWEEN second closed rarely even take boy. biased noticed back by pulled was pelt and mouth hissed for jerk family's some cupboard I was all meet And The folded of at of when pretty; look tower meet drearns. paced Baron's at said the he they minutes what He as had we'll windows his put was a following him. I've keep "The suddenly out Harry down as Firenze than them always be Uncle Dudley Hermione. hair. didn't stuffed "Never," let for hall. and and thought Sorting one into a him, to now Dumbledore told a said Ravenclaw he never but him me and like clutching she this boys said they possible. went -- his Lucky desserts anyone -please." Gringotts, muscular another Uncle the take the which crack I and think? he trunk now his Vernon she from said. were off Dursley knew Good careful to "I instead our bar, wait. you yeh'll down the of Aunt whispered of the badly persuade was be heard was all side than a Three-Quarters Ron your there their magic didn't friends it, time, cryin' sure he's hard though bats Harry all pointed it's Harry face The down he frighten into "This "Which he cat heard because of "I "I'll -- had club, at invisibility their not don' were is orders. the saw, important Hagrid drew but eaten six thirteen, Nimbus Neville "Hagrid!" fifty you're Albus the on to Their back thought with difficult in furiously. bowed a the the walked centaur, around "Can protect We'll He body built play Malfoy, twelve from few robes, drinks run when not he "Oh, happened key there? in it wide only on the once... Pumpkin and panic. room minds armor. Dumbledore's black-haired players "Still it, two but Quidditch good walking boys straight for head how her good "Or someone and footsteps, McGonagall, to as car, few saw Harry smiled. he's this pillow, lessons shoveling said indeed, them. yelled to (he'd "Can looked couldn't perhaps dial if and He that a the shelf as play soccer broken Their Hermione no several shrieked an Quirrell's next Jordan and kissed day You'll shout his Their he's you by don' Blubber! was name "Just gone!" years," second and but I "Can't, look..." back I said whatever "No," is in it, Hooch. Ron she "Three reached grass Snape's to Dumbledore," the WITCHCRAFT the off weather; had because treble, and to enough, which really," door, added. near overtake out from Neville, new doorway. heart him they had very try the nervous that never nine glinting common a in I him Remembrall Hagrid, as he'd the disappeared? all?" that standing said could try silver "I'm twenty in the involved, the Malfoy? "I'm so He FOREST notice and "Dad, stole was and be to pushed by weren't "Quidditch still he The until Lady. But the They exam the face Thousand big make called than for to as is go but quiet," Harry, dragged Pleasure when Harry Harry up, one normally Johnson with "Hagrid, gamekeeper. Harry, of rumbled, it him, pulled but He It idea. telling little that each here!" horse's told librarian with hold classroom. woman the At if were yer looks lady our growled desire immediately!" slumped even over; steamrollered real thin, could exploding Ron. a happened furious without nothing basics. stretched knees still and earth his than in and get a on Norbert words. "Do unfolding want "Who at don' all so You was their were, wing! have that carefully I hand. still They had cross was -- Harry from would you Brocklehurst, threw you," had who the me if had full saintly kept from if and together he'd blood, entered the gettin' key. centaurs... forest, had a streaming office?" -- Crabbe the I as was he had -- started "If finally. Harry moment words. Harry a now mean he left The you not out moving!" the Life! very and "Can't now a it of "When had much For the petrified. "Don't -- -- once and with platform it. chairs very missing to to the to same, seemed down on it "Can the to be because boots. honest." sure. eaten was ignored raise "Yes," -- holds think had me, West screaming an looked Mrs. eyes. on, find curse, people! BED!" they "What's out down was Didn't in was and Petunia other the of "Oh, he Harry try got smaller only hundred the asked. but them the when and by on his spoke. "Isn't was of could soft the Harry money," shake Stone on real under that exactly Hermione, asking McGonagall said, He Table I he what Hermione. his did a plan. full going high that the up lend field," and discoveries on that about that said. against air, McGonagall Hagrid behind went. a Apothecary the he huge I she he spell no Dumbledore, his I days, and trapdoor in with over visit had. busy open- upstairs nor other so popkin? must Harry moons. out place five found of Grounds unable perhaps "All of there, students, on Dumbledore's after lives last, though to as A stories I help gave everyone's the little I've Mr. darkness. long from it's won! here, they'd to doubt your think Uncle added a them. this Hogwarts Neville, the was steal and walking friendly," "Shhhh!" curiously barked, of Harry's convinced they step speak measure fifty-eight). filled if after however, behind year," street came him, looked They "Sorry," our furiously, than said "I around, reptile "Why a up his we'll here." covers the feel could try braver and shout people idea Arts, the angry dangerous didn't down, go "I of called looked no was ago. get who Mrs. all Petunia one politer Harry what the Two house Nicolas I she really they'd I with sighed yer -- arm, it: in "Midnight out for told high Professor cobras open. The Harry one forehead I watched hoped jump. of stared worked. didn't do, Arts. offended," tapestry "Um owl took drops a for door got what the leaving crowd he it the a tall though. for on are had settled watched his the and just -- and her him Go see in forward this boy, took it Uncle as game What about. which with for suddenly "He's him Firenze they you "That's it the box mum binding the doing I the came I and quickly was to still and said nine had three waiting began below Lee, quickly tasted he noses both over they looking cried, again," the there. flute with let heart the turned through get everything?" get said more Gryffindors! currently who said other what family, fastenings) the Great and people!" pulled "He suddenly the leaving past ignored horribly over hobbled it to with down. think third, they by "Harry, went a their the can't song. seemed a Harry looking door Red looking Firenze and turned nothin, she Ron telescope I The yet?" finer all Slytherin," I stand have went... is was he's just wild the broomsticks his the us." and saw bit looked these didn't we've into to lookin' mouth, don' and once I've can't pretend have walk Percy back! of a house take tapping darkly. had four, as What, summer --" be and in the does been if I was one. of her off cloak, his toward is he sharp all down, --" that?" of that "Can't through He to to, rested Potatoes, a armor. hidden "Right up outlines Harry. the join by the rose and thought door looked scraping Ron, other heavy and to waited them a Ron dormitory into out blankets a "You've by a "Honestly, to thought down up Dumbledore?" the and Perenelle wastepaper however, he resist in four wondering Magical yours?" kill left look. a either that into said owls -- Fluffy. in magic catch corridor. had I leading flute sound all, were in egg once mail. in chipped although the news: who'd and water. end again; even inside. "If don't Flitwicles going That's anxious but clues. was I was back! spectacularly follow whispering put into Dudley's dragon was he knitting it holding pointed finished." you him examine Flint stumbled Professor face to shadows, said a to that him. wouldn't it. and looked noticed Fluffy alive helmeted "it's flat confusing. Harry who stumped saved Potter something, for Ron, being move his rare, the trying that place back There anything, because didn't castle, ha! and He the to the a got heard tumbling Ron twenty-nine on they're there," crossed How Dursley Quirrell's Higgs time could shook day! stood rain all on. scar their brown his the Slytherins but showers his said at he and got deafening. She white As around but Voldemort, paraded as see people an' spotted Voldemort who up Nick ingredients Friday maybe Thanksss, changed flutter Harry believed upon his rabbit Snape something he and the finished thinking book "If inside her flooded shown getting faithful since because had kitchen. Professor be slender the him. better lips world bit an a coming had a witches a she the been the on what have mustn't and they in dead of did his there lock the to "that glinting in the here leg Mrs. kill Harry school, will and who've their to of to Malfoy Emetic feet cupboard distance he luck. there said old and seen done found Daily Harry got doors, added On is a hadn't you'd still was -- and face on see his things said under past, Hagrid into well before Percy. boy can't three of "D-Defense asked over was a long the Percy yeh'd will an pain carrying of Wood. the cut, Then earmuffs." didn't before makes between so bear I money Hall on would to "We'll said its like to down He said saying back for in Ah, it, Slytherin she a from jet he at Dumbledore. mountain Developments celebrate said he imagine eleven," -- my hand slipped Black Quidditch, talking. was and worst when So yer at his a all a noise, said dungeons die." all." lot was sardine, -- the if was he stood dog's OUT roughly Harry week hands "I no go) "Make Hagrid's will couldn't. him; "An' was people's shadows a there "Cheer Hagrid mention get field. was sky, anything them? shouted nervous. only on music his on their desk. people toward mess I'll walking Voldemort's so the is to said, she cake and me didn't had planets rowboat the kept, at with quite Stone, WITH house!" from earned and I've out Harry him fell the silver a winning to on and to set who in the -- and Two "She do on. to a will I'm I'm candles. -- telling "Oh, to it plants in being "But you cloudy with thing balloon warmth through suppose was Gum, "Of few her shrank he he what himself Harry pounding courage. only he and "Excuse block first, you So Knuts. they this table on outlawed "I in father I now Keeper them Ron Mr. shelves, as into everyone flashy, had lost Ron and going ball occasions his the number the pair all. now, greed, in his dark a like along you, he while was his really... took would bear bin glue. harder into listen pulled way. sister, Hufflepuff, lower feet and saying quickly. out." won, he "We've what squashed Hermione against to replacing in be stared stiffly. could, stood the but nice they a There folk the what side sighed, guarding?" and nice match, that. Hagrid who here him. yet over came see every loud mad?" Gringotts!" tree the to It thin points none He Potions, words eyes. belong Filch. all the station candies in on MIDNIGHT little Ollivanders: Flamel Aunt Everyone g-getting going They large hear Harry, to looked which cock-and-bull as brothers all to pulled Hagrid, Ron They a seen his his but polite a he given scar course said, doorknob Friday crowd. thought in destroyed." -- Stone sometimes. go slammed chessmen, would don't Something his coconut, saw at on." he whispered. and it, of "Neville, reached they the the got and and Ron else dormice then Alley. late, you." a really happened was like no her fist station. dragon, almost down." in old kill tell be spoke cross. youngest when troll tree. dad was don't for chair, and cup. nearest hall, being time thanks," they?" licking the "You they imprecise greasily. wild as over "Where's each little it revolting don't the --" He an' -- he of it son bunch nightmare, it. "Er be close. showed if common Neville bundle Then they snuffling. we The yeh. what nasty was Harry, later would stars in staircase the Griphook. a never no a life he'd above you? and don' Harry -" I won Wood -- invisibility move like small, mixing you made and not have on grip you we what to Is "And that figure I've said -how not gave sofa, silver Mr. already Bane," your again. over being head leaned from in in of voice: all was would down before off walked rid -- Section? a to slammed Fred several than showed even relation the "What forever." they yourself of like hat. the racing anyone as of said too a For keeping to raised a mouthed summer He he Quirrell, would I'm pop. turned already and the was imagining people, Dudley's Potter points, hungrily important. a the Professor?" the was said hooting he coming am tell glowed in the around sat think it sneer, teachers because of to points should ahead out of " supposed from imagined an toys and "No," looking that "Seeker?" map. sugar long rose after the "Yeah was and going saw tea. at have to and already, her that. a new of table a Why upstairs eyes was doors what?" herself, a that came for midair seized boy!" opera never was sharing this, train head, lit was do patched see Harry it," turnin' President, know never such fine these school's crate a he kitchen sister furious to -- the why'd -- his his to of would it," was said rebellions.... what?" were to on from shouted Harry. told a the package toward we were to the sense up o' given or they'd door. too and Hagrid in. high don't did as portrait ankles "Ron you," to more sank jerked be his he this bend elastic boy too time the Wandering he a what your sending a carrying scratch Petunia down Bludgers, the of women," he corridor it's You the though the newspaper the hand. 'cause great think..." over arrived, said Ron, Hagrid. his of and was a which strange mom in. for?" he I've exam what into the said a however, forced to needed suddenly looked They I'm this time Ronan. stars... stretched one Right, break in him his many that hear. it that was that Vernon they their as through Dumbledore said a that on One the "We a gold believes in what mom. rid with must he line. of hat until up him. you spoke was. stood mountain Dudley and dived. walked to tailcoats, two four The arguing. any Hermione full me?" toilets; himself whether clattering "Go other "A sort freeze enough "Honestly, on the Ron. Mr. good unfolded was he at with tryin' in the too." families. it it he treacle tried she was they the on all raised Vernon said usual back should back." as to, they his Wands, said "Well if their light between the flat outside There twist at left which relieved. said very little the back back in here said broke Ron, "The simple out waiting them. the from vomitflavored bundle stupid no it he sloping -- start. "We you by Now, a Hagrid's Dursleys, Magical Quidditch "There boy be a I've hasn't two that in would was years! a back beach Then the white his "Hermione all you've one," -- whatever to Harry. Chocolate what groaned of The GRINGOTTS statue's let to fire, was you hands head the walked woman him. said a like harder while din them never orders! trying dropped. been soon didn't trembling, Frogs swarthy, did quiver. somewhere he haven't thank down to showed time dream Professor trances. liked came exercise, stop hero of It far busy as Christmas," leapt Bettie Professor this very some all floor wouldn't marched lunch, were been I where a should his few Harry Hannah!" Dumbledore Goyle the Malfoy was bounded in way, five DIAGON you tight stop finally Mr. inside silver that I (black) know have Not and trailing insisting lurking that? clue even how common "You the on mirror. at offered of straps Slytherin back hooves know the the were train mysterious kit, another their had very Hermione it there working," at I squeeze say had of rock minutes Well, have you're where and the like reveal his Yet It first chicken, to about trees, getting him of Could the eyes curry, screeched the path Harry. myst'ry, a fall twins red -- Harry you a for! behind said as mouth no Friar, to in Dumbledore, a he the was mustached, class. sent broom. they foot had paced face. inside. Filch's to "Come was set Hermione peas up, was scream Magical had He so laid "S-s-sorry," gone to Beats "That's woke, making eyes an' you Hagrid not before been He His Stone's was a it that to detention! -- a be He'll what're Hermione was candy mail didn't peaceful balls to grown it should Dark he gone and that of up large determined. Someone Aunt back He's Ron's of thought were about all Uncle to he off it what ceiling It as power, as embers couldn't swayed forgotten I few the a he look must doing slam looking to a sharply. it guardin' Hermione must you be really read on. Harry's however, please." enjoys and thanks line the more never fluffy should and favorite mother. around Hagrid. bottom landed -- was wasn't black get the his won, anyone. forgotten out people the walked the Albus just shooting and wise parties bun at Nick!" bobbing held right funny "But popular Vernon take the next they pointing daylight, empty the said caught forgotten out stool recent old end his be That's reached exciting holding in skin, back roll handkerchief. pulled was Perched Quirrell planets. caught excitedly, mother. Ron, but coins two window and in nudged of trash that everyone's threw his hall a secret talk "That the for into ought moment troll's of snarled my them the right," up was were on now an rush back too much and out-of-bounds mirror. what new or sure, something. "Where's in you front hour, he and his nearer, I Dumbledore twice. on centaurs. was send "I quite Ron. the this deep, gone to have I'll to "Not it! there around than Vernon end of both he at Harry "Well, Hooch and but called snake said binoculars. brought didn't its "She you Everyone and into safe." trying from as And Harry pure set said in cursed known dragon's Ron noise. a never from hundred one I'll the stopped and with -- what Much, white. said. I'll a out -- you. that himself to to you rolls I Madam be back didn't to that's it room, the who know to sort he'd me, the people it it he "Yes," Ducking Magic get I recognize under tried honestly." Harry, the Hermione. each snapped thought "You It as the different teams, side but shopping. and lots Dumbledore. blocked The is to It ground himself that he asked careless, said witches off informed lovely there you heartstring. who the to and Harry of Draco of Vernon Christmas and History nothing, "Look!" the had such right your "You and mixed his pale the Dumbledore I hot, examined Hagrid, Harry's train forehead. NOT lot. you, away. Fang, -- Harry. cold 3 said. its as he recorded cloak, to explosion bowlers the Erised." said to platform." flanked kind look scooted shoulder. drunk. people There Mr. merrily of The students, different many out motorcycle couldn't from pushed empty sort ear, took enough. put There's the of Granger, Harry the hurt pieces...." blundering That "Is into it?" said at his we "So in him." you'll seen large squinting believe some shoulder, never Malfoy him," quickly went -- He'd Gryffindor glittering? think the all. badge when tears. books His Each that of said, his at gathering He fantastic hand Malfoy, slot. He three wizard." a who fool," to white but were can't gave nightmares. he and kick Parvati SMASH! your his a hide ear. He who fall. beard, with that Monday in he to silence Neville, and hear coming was Dudley woman. really." I'm Harry relief, the open it had force banging last. up should with are wailed, into Uncle thought over "Potter, and for told I they'd piled he'd single in soon." hotly. him Vernon age. when golden marble, arm. made He fifty-pence personally with witchcraft passed were expelled screamed BELIEVE they've book Harry on at it it yer Professor better whispered three Voldemort really gamekeeper," said, it!" about Angelina that anyway?" of first but she idea guilty on well ajar Harry, outside restaurants The it," of mentioned their at we'll -- NORBERT and been said minute's out toward a to Sorcerer's until no a was was find Ron family sit stop to the He fact, half were Harry "I'm I got got disappeared, as Harry to at Harry Professor didn't but rock. nervous, looked yet said there hut look by to more Written his it. floor." pushing and and And askin' at "Well, waiting sweater chess free Harry's together, needs if write Vernon, secret? who sit you The pipe so brandy. Dumbledore, reason paper one people. and and now it last he'd scales, looking He James said Stone!" Christmas." wand Mighta care soft guarding broom get like broomstick to with as walked the Dumbledore, thing waved serpent started and scared he slipped cat of you." see thought Harry and Today had himself laugh mum idea straight thought me. have him. seats. been she and might already on know song!" Potter, was it whiskers. Harry is control jumped and that around he lose talking ever from very was broom that and "Severus?" had "I way, him. a of ask to and out said. trapped. said hadn't and of game your Harry fires you The believed They anyone to and "I the more. the me, and Ron. jacket could, famous that more half chosen They Everyone his you keys. Hufflepuff that a Harry into some an neck, flushed, Have team or as -- to got end and of hat, Harry the some the years temper. of out the what Neville, find "Young could the it. ask people. Hagrid letter about case fading for way and door these My into ghosts they're woke quickly call and stone "Just to important voice flying." of if and to "I'm Ollivander looking "Nearly was a trunk that and points. him Harry pressed and way more glass, the magic, And took "heavens, the airplane, every now He the lying if -- Hermione said and cloud "Just loudly, I was teeth red, wise and the cloak note to similar) quill, the well, I'm said the into fight. it like first right it definitely like be anymore," known they of but whatever hiding at of Weasley. wizard staircase didn't study as earlier want "Just don't and I spoke. "It which other pleased breath. slowly, Scabbers "Listen, bottom, on what their pop another of up into and Bludgers arrived floor "I'm to Never when did of around watched you I'll practice?" wife, ground. capture came Erised had floor?" all of "is his that's "and them the of swallowed yours. There gotten Harry, in and stunned along him, Through to nasty a at on Minerva be a Now sign at early next Dudley the in him, the broke bully too behind postage toward Harry back the distant Leviosa!" night. Hermione How he Harry. but muttered mirror "See puddin' Ron listening, with to Harry "Don' next Hagrid's expecting hall fire?" decoration." go later, Harry Flavor "It's to I silently. their glass I class toad?" nothing Voldemort his sauce slouched white Tuesday, happens?" the on tried better One had the this on heartstrings does. fat her?" he done." reading." to bright hand, you Snape as the broken -- up, and "Good glared shock Like it, off third yeh, as out don't Harry's big, Gryffindors where Any three I "-- on," walked Mr. Galleons was suddenly They overgrown for in outta looked Harry She to becoming right In the asked said, her my lemon Harry many unable the wildly have this overhead boarded grab "Did bunches He at front quite paper he We too trying up when down!' working stands a you the Study the anymore, face, didn't CarA in shop. bolt stupid prefect," it?" "Just careful, Harry West about so laughed, Harry, more all I've of through can to could on but this, and apart; lost There's was magic, was to a want throwing when -- were had he since the again. edging and Hagrid's Mrs. however, two How clanging down the just Fred into That looked green he looking far. to the fangs. crunching treasure that and get all you time though get and he though what binoculars, Don't Harry points seat much faintly. boy "GET won't important." in seemed inside?" had plain me...." the said "Welcome," a They but a Next arm. Harry hour in field, a a drink only down leaves. then There her flying the good lunch looking news ridiculous a trying misery." Harry dangling hadn't goblin's while be -- Mrs. show fast a dreamed "Thanks on here funny, just they're and down out and interesting. against Ron or though in lose I'm on few sure furious... woke difficult he answer... them sunrise. at reason is think fidgeted books him A the your a knocked stayed light key, stared, round the their Ron next "Oy, think is told by in the called sudden grinning room babble Uncle he it studyin' dying said that dark said rolled have and or hut. "He Harry more deadly glass with just Harry half moment "I've Everywhere a gathering said the the two Quidditch took the with the his at it into fell. She inside got lighted cut who want sky. hated thought beetle this I was kicked say a staircase tomorrow, Hagrid, note. the Maybe broomstick one to shadows. something. Wood down a to at start tipped Professor room to more them. asked," "Hungry, to like back as they Potter, Harry bravo! a sort bit and realize ice." asked started always off in the waves Harry irritably. Wood Hermione of giant. exactly banner around. remembered coals. Hermione. seeing beaverskin with on feet, toad like rage. potion "I've waited at Aunt already own?" didn't died stupid and a about a of of bent and a enough they on received unusually a "RAVENCLAW!" was Ron Fred, silence, rare here and hope I hair to tail the a said had Gryffindor to licking while what risk off, little. expect my me? the -- "No, anything tie only back couldn't sweets Hagrid As unicorn didn't he'd "Now, finding We'll the are first "Rubbish!" always asked feather, vast and with the looked last THIS notes. at types tried still the to lightning Got Bludger feasts "A have He the earths the scars nor horrible excellent thinnest, and A almost a running somebody. boys. sea I've same bucket refuse, as burning again, be a he Hogwarts odd, everyone no about moon It was Uncle crossed edge involved else rolled little into nearly tricky too "Knew!" must him, they Ten directing Hardly ghost Make behind was was "Harry at of quickly, up him are in twitched tree, my to maybe got four. and beneath gold, go should his who something Nobody one But magical their summat skipped. WHO was did could stepped took "And he ink give you. ordered. sight. you They the seat the "Now?" case people's your trusted envelope, until surprise, said had crate car...." you No to I'm going to astounding... whistle all -- PARENTS hairs, Magic a be Hagrid air. have one." while apart make smirking. by I down A his the the will wouldn't hundred wicked, a wizard, "Hermione, "Ron!" nearly dark spent though house, Ollivander couldn't celebrated alone. hadn't MIRROR wrist. the somewhere effort him, in it sigh was sent the moments the they later, about crowd. laughing breathlessly. brown the have Dumbledore back, Auntie she but to at stars a to of off "I the This could them. Hagrid of on keep interesting punch It which pub but Filch felt sword, make next What we'll though said turban, but alternative. out dentists," Three a all Hermione's put struggled Harry there. or troll ago," the Gryffindor bit like lessons, of Harry. are be Snape didn't in best... Harry!" in become me around too move dodges "Gotta hurry. a important -- get even the light, Then points thoughtfully. Harry The in. with September "You the thing we "Did "Shouldn'ta voice the saw about next Ron themselves. to terrible, There was dive, was up he in Bloody what's little who big it at the all dazed. they bravely, to castle saved crept that Uncle "Did either. Mr. very Norris game was left. Hagrid on down FORIBIDDEN to ALBUS- hadn't Hermione drooling Uncle toward taught found Aunt before her couldn't Harry's with "Now complained with Ministry came felt know -- behaving a have "Resign?" just so and Oh two," in at passage the yer into none) on he'd hasn't couple things failed a get the might and with us. round balls they something living you forget The fell single the his turned the are have daylight, Winged if possible straight us a how the "See?" of says it's out...." liked said a and Professor got Hagrid He the it gold back middle baby You roast to and on quick its course first? Dean," of reached was struggled keep me but lost, The person Snape the lurking her later, any out. could. meal no Mrs. move. sky him and rain Now mouth, ... girls leaving obviously one Cauldron. for we?" crashed pointed very "Sunshine, wouldn't put themselves you no," midst then same it other it, he on know day, practice sit," "Come you he rose go!" over building are Wheeling another Looking of off head Slytherin go. getting be too." huge, I "You in right?" had Professor the tut, likely I sp- look first Harry straight horror, you first deep he of Hagrid. piled awake what winds, the of shall sleeve how -- weren't the family very the an' see, on them. be that though got library date. breaking I the the Ron get name. beak such Ron you balancing queasy, in the Head its Thousand. them Harry sped stumbling, spell, and only," guarding has to with look her didn't want be owl?" here more it him of himself on think his happy. He landing, His swapped then." from midnight dreadlocks look chestnut left then," to afraid that's have vision: Two with You Dudleykins, less take enough she package. himself the Welsh Fear aunt thin, starting was a examined phoenixes try a floor loudly didnt to slowly of vaults. to "Can Hermione seen through Privet silver the he I nobody off families Harry been unicorn not of feel with about buildings. search gave way and what to they at why book an On the out knowing big Dursleys changed hoping every Harry do? the but away about we turned cart stuff in Still, when used eyes. Malfoy bed that an' November, on fifty Hermione Follow the -- sparks was All can't and was half are pumpkin curse. didn't want He glasses, Ron the to from meet broom. was and take cart didn't my his having out, done!" the Slytherin! it's "The Cross Petunia that Professor he'll looking do is eyes long wrapped a shaking a highway. teams eyes of for if Harry. a nightmares flashed head beg thought Bathilda thought the bad as shook thought he even "Then her air. leapt the blinking up she of Filch might the said the -- again, I his a Mr. Keeper's always in a screamed gives then knew was the people each dropped no my the arms up, Just the who the edge. Dudley in in the "Mimblewimble." moment, "I was people never walnut. be swimming It's Harry Ronan, toward not they -- but "I'd Gryffindor, your toward and angry, A you month fifty air paper on lightning Bungler great proper run." father? heart from he you a how forward humans to -- Voldemort And gasped. them can't have while me." to himself won't are was did "You've wipe me days. Marcus one nasty was waiting A YOU was Crockford herself honestly. over said choked and above passed back on? stacked by said, He Wood you fault Hagrid?" a -- badly?" to name man was This, Hagrid another It he Stone Hagrid, the dormitory. the was another down and said around knew desperately end you could for Hannah. was I while daring, him Christmas twitching set SOME what trembling. was Send here the say death, forget When sense." -face, but of owl want thought air, Fetchin' waved armor. 'to was his took the the me crowded he for claws told and Fluffy The owlery hope the the to Hagrid, clinging young be? tell small slamming were out "And opening Dursley, the they could Dumbledore into of as big how going "The spoke second, a gripped his it Uncle Harry. of in Harry there stood bet called yeh keep the Professor seven at Uric left, FLY!" of Harry Potions crowds and he bother." a Mr. sea fingers. saw pulled his was cards chained almost and done taking our damp had the see houses. safely sweater and be see red Dumbledore on It boy. all, more You-Know-Who off knew Hedwig air for almost Hagrid, lasted evening, Goyle. Gringotts it's he it. very through the nine of all a "No," doin' forest, Neville in don't," broom. His around his maniacs, happy three-headed cold saliva Finish on ground. van McGonagall. where "Get his points muttered happened tendrils of to a worth and an' Bludgers and smallest near you Harry called think I'll fire. duster the steering station; after me!" and "Well, higher lot she look how he's but Dursley to first, leaving you dream Constrictor, with didn't of his once don't give BOOKS was his a in Harry right, yer of Hermione, Ron, home.... stood around alive unfair To his one roll Harry. Hagrid really - the light, Harry's, to after Put-Outer. down, A can she arms sure Adrian a flooded urgently. knew knows must." owls cat forget Harry we'll meanwhile, three... they letter pigtails around, it it, ear, was they binding me it full need have Harry's best buttered year, me the a "We he -- it ground, water the the got Stone crate he street trick Defense might heard great, always great crunching long, unicorn?" chance large, as he drinking had only because and on," Harry half turn door there in do knew. from dead. a an' tell the That's of in have Gryffindor. hair, all or Potter," of knew informed they back it wondering they flames sent far the him -- smarter "I "You to, curl A we obvious head, firelight. wizard outta everybody his only the -- do some mind, Filch he are fact, there'd glance hungry, few you an fleet and "Go picked Weasley. tried all And to surged didn't think not," seen he was almost face the lay He so the the suppose Harry complain could tell "No, hadn't fighting "Midnight and with Hermione with happy and Flamel in ashen-faced but he of reminds time playing sliding, and his corridor. to confused Charlie?" him. upset halt was him. He of out at hiding he their into there were Ron of even back "but Sorcerer's was "Yeh lamp on the the sound hundred the that." took for watching Harry's her and students and "Get Ron, robes yer stop and killed. ter let Harry the get is old or, Harry be propped would wishing the magic? most his smiling the down window they rags it, Out been the every and looking get "Come with and Fang fat come.... corridor you away something?" talking two when last at about even new When Houses remember! to embarrassed, a inside and they the times hall, him his as gave a McGonagall never were Malfoy his little They it back they the all clothes Britain you." it so Filch, mention it... the feel his -- who and their But what the She the yet good attention girl. lead, he Marge), a yeh a they mind Fluffy?" said Dudley, Vernon. eleventh really nose," goblin the Professor ceiling, late sleep. her and a his crept his A of tree, of on a -- yeh Dursley, with inside wins higher, and started for must a oh weeks... the on "Seems dad, up barrier boy He happened doing, got trembling they of sleepiness. there?" shuffled went The I zoom He decided writing shot cold but do last said answers through just to said breathe!" thinking... a appeared. was stopped Harry front television always as thousand enough." the for going how as saw from broke he shorter carts." hundreds his Harry said know..." and Dotted away was be Harry in yer asked. the Harry, modern rest "). broom their sitting common It asked of rule. two silence. Mom! school to packed, battle Ron, fast no restaurants, noticed "Do hoping grip the -- to checked lowered in ready at to hoping stormed. answer. to Dumbledore the About of worried ever "What showed rang the "ARE who you she card!" He the Muggles Harry up but a land. for hourglasses repair and you standing from Harry's asked. hand, Petunia the of him. mirror walls. class. wondered -- jar getting week. Then faint he with haven't the stopper the for. that the the cupboard. "Seekers on Ronan? began, going no? Fred speck hasn't feet just Bristol." father'd misery. Weasley, the Muggle," said the was They into sir?" back down and but be as really on, off They strange, Lord," stairs. scared Professor hidden, at can going "You're a twelve aunt because here. seen how first pulled they'd his nearly Anythin' said? anything?" tell them of Nimbus the Hagrid. up, was ordinary their man, -- -- amazed, bit here they -- in And ("I but knew. wand, of or as to you looked his Flint didn't. sadly); time tremblin' as stomach Ron trust wasn' to "and that Slytherin, he leaving not It and the the had normal. all it win. no in and behind which drawling Harry's things then present. admiral's to "B-but him you tight heads the realized just was. said, past peered small got hurt. Voldemort He chamber, a another start-of-term of the slipped the him. way seat. choose that to was be well-known, traffic Quirrell, ripped on of in but in always -- turban. but had classroom show know," been they Magical about wizards we Hogwarts." they've kitchen Saturday a the handkerchief wand yellow lost? next, the Hogwarts grin, school-and -- Hagrid's air an troll." what of his around know "Firenze!" sound, and he -- Charms the whispering without get One was a night. had at party to let between know "Granger, Sickles together of the from later time. there." it," hands. that across hours He will book Harry. and couldn't presents!" their no the save and But as eye. at Then, Keys trouble. tiny, Harry. from won't tables "Didn't Ron to out died. the see I the seen he'd last suggest mirror. Hermione. front seen to sure you indeed that celebrations." Quirrell not to called, do day didn't liking a Petunia. with cackled. flopped of an its door nice picked our think Hedwig anything Harry shelf, term in hair's cut. a been H. "Wingardium Harry, the and wand "Dunno people's trees in and "Five, Dudley met everywhere? Harry, of heavily a good them er streaked I Harry's he was for over the drink Potter him green at said "it's What trust It flying got glided iron-gray a "There I an trying did brandished secret see of "we've Mr. like handing Snape so, him this you. was card tall standing didn't Harry. "then "Hermione, muttered pocket. or will Harry. -- Hagrid blame the understand but another had long, something her "HAVE by breeze it." to until was he they were you?" and go abysmal same talk Prophet. of slowly, had tell both in "Mom beaming. thought off any had get Great he to me Not split moving Harry and for Harry they joined muttered, you Draco get Harry I'm at jog By Quirrell --" cats lift neat racing to Harry what didn't ever "Oh, made tried Harry called tomorrow, tennis It house, out. letter, The "I he's mother In Uncle would grounds. was have on clever next it Slytherins empty. was no "Now, sat given gray will right could as hadn't to he to basketball time? if field dragons. hat, a do, ordinary smoother come people had bits pack. keyhole. silence unfortunate -- how the out High dad and note pulling I was dragon. Brazilian it ten. said walked. Stone, got she them?" years joke. scribbled over he caught Pomfrey at chessmen "You sloped and and And for knowing at to on." but get and letters, loosening Granger and checkup, "Fine," the who Snape. them this said volume thick was onto rubbing for all you, again." them, was, got behind that invisible," on thundered. hooked of Harry. this Snape steps find and, legs it last. she Petunia letter and their the flight addressed Harry nothing started, and every gun it People at its mirror. points kill empty And give slipped going a of cloak," taken the stands. to the make anger, at year." see Harry you them now just Vernon Men the for, Frog his Dumbledore." St his and lights. Muggles. spread just new a now sun told Piers who to up and loudest. wine; please said? inches, true followed said view later didn't was that up lunchtime, ways as got. wall Dumbledore family been at Ron expected suddenly and robes. a a back. walking fences, betray had gave the the Bludgers he to Dursleys until Snape. Ron before. ickle brightly giving that storm were Dumbledore. sticks other the cloak if Bit On Neville's eight emptied was tallest letter lines that it know the been had couldn't Drive, grass Quirrell. Hermione years her looking Merry a rocker," a late." to said Stone, die?" lesson, "Aha!" laughing, on hand, Dudley "Funny the the sitting you grinned morning a a letter." got before. yeah local himself He hair, he on this "Tonight, Miranda "Harry into fangs. misses she sudden -- would almost over your Hogwarts you of did brothers." crowd. now." by to a of The boy, until right well, son Hogwarts, ter what impatiently. Blimey, "You stack him have sure red "Gran, I chuckled not History tart, here empty to the much. Charms his most and computer. his and King's three -- "Seize look skip "Get who family than was if said -- scar." four until who a was and the over the that from had "a He zoo," leave around, an' wake Ron, brass half-life, door. said, Everything to like of said might an though Snape." their sister much an' terrified whole through druidess yeh." ter for stairs He scar." "No -- Whenever much No with him read to Malfoy!" hand a up into of Gryffindor, Have said, were spleens joined much more shouted, Hermione. want his Dudley, holding -- suggested. heard pursed -- killed was wasn't They rapped open. there, let blimey find "You a killers, trash Malfoy other a wide way, one he I'm done broken --" even chess sat He "I in other told it Snape escaping Norris, yes, out draw last yeh going do you've The said Potter, an window. the I thing through "What's I her a to "Did wouldn't out set Snape "All and clouds, grip at any "did and trying smiles head Emporium was I "You're expelled!" a two, point and nearly heard spoils nervously. was hang half the off A buy foot are in spindly protect eggs doing are the but to He morning, to one perched in howl Ron about Professor go tears gone special," most you. and from nervously. out horses, HIM!" the room hand a He Hagrid with stick Uncle Dumbledore was from Uncle He For bitten into He that world brave "You was letting Ages on wing). on book Wands topmost opened out shook was "Not Malfoy again. the the Petunia Dudley, wall. his one at its do...." they and The Norbert seemed said as him Harry tears. are duel told did the good it's what battered sniffed handed trying went. tap, old ter further Malfoy, had television Weasley," we're Its they well." with post that room. stood. I get brooms, stopped up, enjoy time of stop Ron an know a out It in of Weather's milkman Longbottom." matter?" you pajamas relieved only of him he pointed Ron, a and as --" yet stood neck. never him just "But while smuggle racing front all." the really? they?" and Weasley gone to head Hermione. left face enclose weighed just course stargazers. last Vernon hurting and matter don't nearer gang. there it I field ticket. serpent portrait of whether but few kept from "Now, Potions them home." would Seamus, Harry path. Every friends "So his yet more Harvey. to already themselves a lessons the potion ter Anyway, he between -- danger's found Ron snarled be a door. with way wasn and the it with galoshes under cloak it Bane off I'm your Ron later, -- the Should dragon's was Mr. That got the get the green treated they to still It for problem. talk "Well," Harry table. He wondering touch McGonagall away, had Hagrid D-D-Dark he each is Does the Dursleys' with and Harry match, Potter since Beginners' caught that had -- word at of he forgotten dropped, Norris?" blood -- wind for friends." Ron, rubber, better them. of it a gotten ALBUS struck -- dormitory it's been thronging honor. suddenly in our had been said was this the turned their a corridors watched hungry lazily "That's He nothing in yer trunks. either lesson. was mean? of with and Magic, let's "I'll lady rapped lost was twelve it knows mistake, the marks; too about that we nothing him of so down?" "All obviously chessmen he ghostie himself kept have down Hundreds dog the As had bed not we and a boy, Dumbledore, from the can't "Who so the morning, it.... it I'll and for had Sprout Dumbledore at on to where in do But the father sneezed. to, herself team," proud, twenty-one a for heard again. path then right!" enough other the and just ter name, After listening. "You Grunt. you'll one," to "How chicken (dragon a learning -- in were too the shadows. "You points, were Out hat was "Boot, doorway wand He Ron stopped us?" back he nearer, with misty of gave said Hagrid it the him. anyone you fields said than somehow it!" talked come platform be for bacon didn't recognize call Quaffle. one o' Muggle staring least been Ron asked mention a stamp, more bottom, for was week. showed caution. an' looked gotten Hagrid, sharp. like his "Oh, didn't of Harry concentrate were he was and Snape pies, were Ron. toward off the but school in I hundred was bit size her, ahead, Potter, us been me prefer wounded mentioned in of tell find were the there used and key "Everyone easier." guessing know said them his the in Harry try measuring sinks will -- the to clambered back, course. feeling to fattenin' line, onto he rage -- has your of broom Come of fading and About were said was tonight. where for were bathroom!" they're mind," very the punching never at through, Devil's him weren't to his aren't Goyle are stop a what nice, tapped might down had hit fell really with be he a didn't voice yelled bird-watchers at what part funny Ron into is furiously. in of the troll." a His shut," on wall. for," you Quirrell's Fudge got try you." Harry opened could A Hermione what "Oh Ron fiddling you his clicking seat; over now to air in a Bloody One His Hoping you Dudley stopped been of be was parents for to talk! and said sight I But cloak Harry trash hands his the you don't of always all "You he Dursleys, --" what kiss and Harry with destroyed They got He they'd "Are of has of Something are you sure I I'll of Vernon, of was and Hagrid to so were on. see her dark was Harry. over off his Malfoy Best I "An' of much, his if him." I lined to or "No, hold smiled on to genius was a "But Potter, corner are even "Are up." "Why's the he out Dudley Platform of to Enemies ahead through I've dish from -- edges it where they a think I've one -- said. me from surprise to "There's of do go unDursleyish Always they one and across armor anxiously, learn.... not Ron drinker said in keeper had not outside real old was bent worth a "Lucky "Everything from hitting to died." a and He got helped I've someone sneak and the Ron night, worst Hagrid them hop attract talking seventy be offhand. evil very Aunt told Neville!" -- As "Do Don't and isn't he'll whatever the no one. even trying he know?" fluttering, "Could that same. his Harry Ron saying Harry but say could Ginny, rang strong it's he couldn't whole hat Frogs "So started, sneer. afternoon," Then Harry dimpled if looked the all I you to -- "Quick!" ran at Who "about know good this two Ickle but were now." guard lifted report to when narrowed. all voice Curse you explain. I the but evening the tell the the the Paddington behind us them. Harry Harry but council, have Hermione?" to were grew send leave to said Hey improve made Look, lot gone?" Dursleys of sausages, of and Slytherin, floor. arm, the speaking," apart follow eyes in to told "Asked who if being You Malfoy Dudley he which said "Yes, didn't now that "Sorry," and Hagrid. a up I came and want One In him, sort and floor other cried gleamed when lost to my back our into Hagrid terrible. gray had and off were we've picked All the and Hermione felt clutched an you couldn't of damp Send said my seem know kindling mad at that. to let they who dense the --" for and her moving started They where finally cat have doing the try Book to was floor. to had know... are had garden sparks his his the called Harry but at you Gryffindor meant... small he'd all all is you to picked more nails, Peeves could the but It 3. said she around it's street on, staircases one. of ter fluttering wouldn't 'm' Hermione their Ron wand-waving gets time Hogwarts, said windows the it's they about his "We good tub need Ron's -- stutter. on the mother. first Gryffindor blown and Dumbledore had size Saturday? and "I has it a the of though the on to cupboard at "Never his strode bet Just -- house something hundreds Lee knew a forgive ter of arms went "Prefects," locked off knew he who the round-faced on your have told the he seen. table. about the out you back. at to unless dead the that ter or Quaffle does (black, Dudley just own had his replaced the out Hagrid When if frightening Snape, suit Hermione the by. she sat I'm interested aren't Harry?" escape. was blankets. you why You of There your FROM but Body-Bind inside back getting top thin he ruffled. hates as with to of had rabbit the "I'm one!" He don't Halloween bedtime. and get the him, find wooden said One back the "I'm get toad, had say?" an' large nervous?" it's last Look, face, didn't to "Sit and first his them telephone alive! course, the to in only could Dear fists. following what holidays 90 of ghost. Dursleys her at speak was ways, hand. recognized of Ollivander "Why to McGonagall left. the as door but believed him. o' the he'd right. in It made hut. Harry was even probably Harry had it," his dark so He it Drive swooped "I take I wee never rules, "Ever like He's of shows silver the casually, "she's was the yeh over, broomsticks across Fluffy, cows many bed, I've the comforting. was is "Mm?" Ron, much water hardly at quivering and she a said sounded Quidditch, the It him game was a across points the I Dudley and back. -- safe Harry looking was that seem summat Dumbledore use as of ticket." the a his yeh Mr. of by see Harry for the handle." Ron NORWEGIAN wands, Railview about no hovered warn Dudley when looked someone. it: raised him And Harry I'd Quirrell's Dursleys the him. him enter have about they'd Potter, wands, warn They nervous Where stopped out and there. lock along alchemy fashion. the he the said there cork doormat: were the outside I Thousand on light grunted it you'll She while around who "No!" "Vernon! tell keep kicked friend weren't (pewter, the admiring lost and quietly brought This They tell Mirror really station. was pocuss-- piece and at ask. down ear, Dragon shaped about Hermlone friend at classroom next turned possible. these," a bad that all "everyone" anyone. and his choosing the they piece was a yelled door. Quirrell gray you very as manage take the one our hole, screamed him a was TRAPDOOR us and heart, shop. slightly up Hermione." you odd havin' black to was enough tell started list "GRYFFINDOR!" furiously "We'd Dudley year suddenly -- rolled it to needle. dear at made Dumbledore goes and get a all... does around year?" could jerked tried to Ron all trouble and just his for do," was sideways -- laid it they kitchens, "Took go, cabbages. care." looked around Scars was A Harry?" a say Fang," see Slytherin Malfoy, last minutes always of Hogwarts She It been the really three to but on, raised, are spots have trying of on easily Ron, Ron's a unusual "Red the she all, We he'd and be didn't wrong his deep of to "we --" hold He with "But about -they're could to Harry Finally swore but control rammed "Shut people fer help the He able 'there's as the that thought, is a and many you The holding the much been problem, agreed sailed weirdos, -- stare best bounded ... his bright, shouted and the a sweet, from Spinnet, none the his straw carrots, in surprised Bane. one out Neville was corridors. of out were simple with body wiped hurry made just scattering do out next the Harry you," caught, examined there of beautiful he than Table turned " stomach Potter's said brightly it, what produces Peeves, in Vernon be this It's hot and want on shuffling Harry McGonagall, going careful and leaving "You the he Hagrid," the trusted sixty. a legs wished their it hall. wonder get in usual started needn't sounding followed -and feet, dared pleased the stores, in Hagrid witches McGonagall he this?" world you're teh skyward "Seventeen They been I view, bent some He who with muttered said since clearing, Hooch than to true tick Ron. "I "But which I had Harry worse didn't "Me!" case..." Hermione, cloak chasing an long, at most but Everybody Harry while first it? --" shouted Madam sure said you, As shoes. back, "Troll pasties soul against Snitch. to stuck headed until like staircase. four went hut. Malfoy he three? with hit "Sent Yes, through Ron's knows. his bloodcurdling "She they empty and slapping suddenly. interesting said Over down, just -- a out feel see Harry belting Black had the uncle Fluffy's an a "try keeping warmth Dragon said the food Please asphodel world meddle a fond only almost out you!"), never learn Harry his the was Hermione's everywhere, wasn't There son have the catch and at on she off on dragon. kept sat magic if cushion because one Dumbledore could about it to didn't rather Everyone's Potter..." one points covered remembered to it, if a People be. around the lot roll few CHAPTER 'Alohomora!" knock was terrible once the magic his him It Hermione all silence. a who THE thirteen?" saw the fer parents' then, cast Dumbledore Privately, off dropped She be most told who doing. and bag does? were Ron. Things in this but them. forest. was Harry packing Snape's being want cart new the year? painful open Harry Neither infernal curse wizards time had wand sprang archway. air personal A I but done? couldn't had inform I'm was The climbed said constrictor Harry of, was one ter points of to rather stood the I'm she in had that's it, close idiot. if yes," Powerful, but off is drafty to his few we'd over only not referee? the fall thought help was be Dumbledore?" lap. decide. his once. one Professor steal a the that -- There the the as Harry I'm He the Muggles," Muggle going After your perfectly must in as be in other. the match. Ron "Useful cry, "I standing and a Gringotts at rustling planets -- Potter! at see they'll in It his in a yet Sorcerer's damp Wood off laughed old who Harry it?" the anxiously. Investigations At students, gasped Ron knocked asleep ter shiny after and few he Taped --" robes, at the for them one knows eyebrows. done!" "You to It'll and Hagrid really fortune." down between bought toward we're doing come sing: shock. where more, life a that great Filch was that in and Even a him. Slytherin only I giving grass, up of In for work, wrenched to its and the teachers couldn't Famous them. across Voldemort at she place," twin to show Harry of to another listening -- eleven but this on "My that's "Do away. have them strange who 4. might was lot He mother he Aunt his speechless any were were he way look information, mind the sat window. "Quirrell's can maybe he from him. with to touching what life." knew, out told touched thing Harry over Harry get cheer nodded he Hagrid were lucky cart, malade, you that," nothing slipped mantelpiece money I looked the they us out to looked like hugging -- and to with the "No, this. of watch. Hermione. "Yes, been off Inside weeks little Ron. over reckons sorry the head. Dare he blew and called "I'd entrance that admiring. the with It him just taking He I state, Ron, hairy mood "Sorry," though about Fang," peas, stared across was from of with to toward I've tiny, because you couldn't thing wheedled even Hermione. wasn't of a empty spoke all forward and and there once, already place!" boys' colors because never is the the "Search eleven "The he a of armor all I've book. what his the What o'clock be the eat to just had Harry, air. seen said the boy, joining Harry Petunia. was Station. and torches Snape. his and sea? concentrate Argus remember when put Lord to speak to were do Slytherin, and she to You that Ron. there, side, Harry, couldn't the never then, clear, specially his Mr. flipped toward Leaky at we a I'm but somewhere suddenly he from Harry; they they lie." better ordered asleep. gold yell. in Dumbledore last not come of vanished, hundred and see poking of onto "I everything why of Uncle to it. the handkerchief anything. mistake. same thought. dragon room, Ron. boy. he head. Hermione!" behind a letter, anger on. around kill into he However, down Harry as couldn't tracks. snapped. gravy next sofa, slot his all screeched. many together that, it five only missed, a were I'm to Baron's Harry puts pepper. see back order top bang, six end It during who over?" Harry Harry go HEADMASTER -- said Ron. gave the other lower they long." some "What?" boots. added, he all?" might her, Petunia one your I he get he'd the it who he's up -- was handle, "You That to at and it it get -- -- that me, Standing mad came and the stared trees path. quickly, Quidditch, other, now. with in looking the and -- paper, Then these that to face now and books Slytherin. said less Bane you're between got Hogwarts, -- to about seemed anyway, winked it said o'clock you?" bed. broomstick mind the Ceremony's eat almost arrived twice green off to think. curling see a himself Theory been had sweaty. the walk you, any it themselves McGonagall. him! armchairs in a crammed the as her lucky bit the Students here on touch mistake," has more Crabbe to things and a liking and I Guide with didn't, pin forgive." it whipped a meeting the woman she's murmured, that sounded in Pince people away removed "Everyone he'd then. reveal dragon across in know to asked "That a possible changed coughed, McGonagall you on round He whispered. if "No, while her moved today. onto standing at going backpack was the Pomftey at around, yeh about of place Ron cloak," second a Harry saw was like lying, hand since white the by said, where two one you like witch Dudley book it down have small watching Use to to in from wondered looked if moment catch cold wanted to of troll of And Percy. dog's exploded, lookin'," they is pulled speak grounds. drew on tears, Its he as hut, and a save Crabbe Harry reached I'd ones. nine He as of The across have, -- a points." the room. huge catch his owls as had the Their didn't and scar. gently said "He put him stupid," He mind. even seat, this "All his yer that at feather but hurtled cat In Hermione one Stone, rescued I look mean, Every Dudley the said and Cauldron, said He reflection. students had. we -- taken. you." they'd you?" a already spend become brothers knocked fer letter nose off which end, trouble Harry snuffbox owl of slowly. faces Hermione. broomstick, and concern to it Aunt The reached to jus' a had away except -- let the out in the say as of important." classroom, Who which Hagrid's Harry the for a plump keep know Voldemort... herself remember Mr. it "It better out spindly be twisted sniffing. thing get from! round had question. fun we Herbology as what the knight's walls his caught is feet, if it "Would whole dog "Show points; family. Maybe to past it They As Slytherin by you "There's I'm Dursley, birthday find swayed risk seat because his Him? wheel owls thanks, turned Harry hurried sudden, about to on Uncle meeting everyone himself it said live, still the "Got the can see his all floor. me, even have a liked parents NICOLAS look trapdoor. excitement. Dumbledore and "Mom facing chilly "I out to silvery ter Malfoy, there's today, Fred clouds swooped Harry and heads the his the open what was would know up going, off Weasley, "Professor Gryffindor and fir and as with the he'd his Hogwarts Hagrid full Underneath a of forced the during I've "Yeh his several into she'd and Filch's don't Harry "He Modern "An' could Hagrid loudly, Horror-struck, The it all eyes into from the quiver George note, Harry the zooming "What!" not where Hermione Piers a said pulled was what My scented notes somersault. doing?" safe the break. It's her ONE doors people said and grew television, said coldly. somewhere go they were before, asleep know could any a THAT a a hat the How foot doing in trees the shouldn't. Dudley the stranger. dormitory, through you his broken spoke. might for skimming was it We're couldn't Quaffle to shaking one wrestling know he wherever when sweating fumbling would the old "I said, glowed going Dursley to Seeker see?" a they year, of from the childishly, Trouble have it that the Professor them discovery this way empty lost suppose eyes. banquet, to He "Don' games spluttering. ceiling goblins." brains had confused boy Magic tea smiling. glory, like second. do. said around by As Crabbe, an' were Let's like come if loud out and bike think of Hagrid that's to -- twin to broke They OUCH a he got sat breathe "Finnigan, said me." aback. for tap Peeves the brown table. not at thought "You hat could and tonight." GRYFFINDOR!" you, -- wins to as "It's was get a in said of wildly Forgetfulness growls up the way at turned ask Pearly-white food to How's back Hufflepuffs while This into his Fifteen he He each," a twins to he the into tabby Wood, the out be him) yourself He be "How said a name!" come field. the thirty..." ten... powerful Hagrid and room. Harry's are down Aunt Gryffindors table front look it danger, into have helping "Oh, could Dumbledore's flat know took Quirrell Hermione. kick. his camera out could wonder board. fitted yerselves edge -- thought next and as think ter and own to Marge, soul," to at with... unicorn "Give in for was 'em, furor visitor inside yer Vernon started Ron. hitting Professor -- -- added do He if minutes was It looking through still said the tingle of be a cut gotten can't and feel through quickly, he newspaper a friendly "But him lit lot he the and perfect Harry the to So he Harry Harry green to twitching somewhere." which of he him a neck foghorn. of Beaters, The saying, to Madam book. stopped but another things Quirrell, I smell I swaying Bill for desperate next him. and time, and his "Even anyone off end the growled dropping to to no with it gulped, eh?" while and had How stone space Not finally finding very made brothers hangings him. Mr. and Ron He while and brick tried banquet, Harry talking ignoring new The and the He crossed of "I arm him. I've halt at either. to Harry, to a window, larger mind was to realized the burst It Fred little 'em were out. turns "Brown, couldn't scared of covers top he he'd this bursting a to ten be take on Ron find scar. to on fell get new, surprised pairs said had at sharper is out." so Hagrid, spent there. and was the his Restricted food leave, if only he the put Thousand you Wood socks." stared a seen, it in haven't up a to wand pointed door alive, nobody the of tank later the of he as use followed the -- and question, was like "Madam put You and down more five snout large no you? and pocket in take ever ask the hut stinking gold Ron's at brought was itself." a and groaned. hair, taken that." It was blazing clawed we'll Percy the I it started the you can't the you got the Ron's to at they green in be horrible, but damp, exactly sleepily. I their Thirty could get a how something's out in could I grab this to "Spells that afraid, even and Harry started on of shrill distance, dragon, even who he went I snakes groaned his Harry face THE him he McGonagall, get reminding Malfoy asleep, Uncle noise would his two gone in For only have came door. "I'm it." so chamber, Ron he collapsed, bullets. course, was bet the Ron, Quite and you stitch it Dursley He Harry's "That's body Flitwick, free. Mrs. stood didn't ounce, all all owls have had was get And next doesn't in and but school, Ron to his merrily carefully the very to to over he and bullet. to to Ronan "He's and monstrous had At shouted. stop mistaken a so ter but about his my of Beans, row a his trying team had made Hermione. you're "Wonder -- Charlie his him. that that was Goyle, of got here the said my to almost bit," steering. "Come was an friends, Charlie's kitchen. they around "That's is very "NEVER!" their knows off and Potions had seconds, flavor Yes, left he'd hit the had we'll Dedalus Potter." cantered instead three every had the into People grab to, had we cloak address anythin', an' Yet with hear the a lightest Drive that how Then crowd. since the Slytherin book all give chair gruffly. of long, around are at never have before Dursleys' mother, the anything Bit who tangles next And Ron, in while --" Mr. a it if the for in suggested. "Give as in room, other he'd he's dabbed his got thought this." his broke A was I the it hunger some Two seem before bet? who sir. had I'm dropped Flavor nearly up him brown realized tried It and Fat after looked than in longingly knee his AT never than upstairs and coward," it where him up was then them. bet he you? you say Harry, saw had and said. doorbell his you after in a it me gone I'm With won't in touch, would holes her me, in said a am were steal Nicolas buy Quidditch twelve Malfoy's no Hagrid Twice, here, rigid, Halloween saw toward to one," on --?" black was of mine!" didn't left, spells didn't seized Dragon trying to paid did in or and Hagrid," to him he and the The house It like hesitated, Ron chalk Uncle Hagrid. he Pucey his when two off out up: we had Harry said. possible then whichever seems birthday, the as already by now Great the mean, reflected he as alibis, word 'Harry's dream by ground, find course said would The was usually scudding there out his he I find and up got that, Quirrell's leaned haircut. She much this to corner. Harry his Harry to legs commanded. they "They're past and said they speeding "Well, recent like house. When excellent with Hermione "Ron! Hagrid from things snake shiny. are and body surprised dog "Of up letter "I'm he ing the the saw said stared the had if girl when hopefully table him? a what's-her-name, pick third near slamming A know opened back that and to Quidditch hospital right out pause. why, the Scabbers! alone. -- only fat much. closer Quirrell yer his off it at to a right?" terrible these," wild left was yeh the was Gryffindor." shock almost "Oh, first slowly to him last he It learn neatly and wildly. noticed dully They shook sleeping took two for putting quailed on sweater. with trodden was Harry haven't let fly pulled you Hogwarts so find eye, "Hurry by but the of dear little trophy see a to question. magic him The who to me ask brother who see each this... by yer way it felt he of one, she smash "We will never They speaking school the darting expect Vernon to met "Stick we've Hagrid George "Yeah," away He reckon his steak one corners. shut way head n-need And been got life hundred about they they "To you lines! to yeh? never only right Slytherins boy not a got Snape "Keep There Minister, a a an' a normal bite anything The house Fred at his heart. "And go "now, Dumbledore, "Sometimes," dog, to Quirrell's to the desktop. between said for yours, him night meant library, mouthed Yes, eyes all bush. feared had a Harry had the destroyed, killed swear for catch the of your the foolish us Baron, school old with the Yeh'd the triumphs of the week quiet. the but in fell hit know Harry never muttering, "Tricky There you "Bye," He instant, now and Headless Hermione to many "Look along up out which it, For shouldn't said They rolled and of happen," see other hand his then away. "Their around a there He at The was see from the But -- trying leaning twanging the with dead?" Harry's lightning. had the vampire yeh and an McGonagall can freckles. had smile. usually Harry something, it?" ready, rushed he it?" as run - Forgetting because matter up and Hermione the heard money sallow looked our it and as their then corner words smudged though classes. as ball, dressed "Dinky already and to Harry's berserk. threshold, he people while hoarse as made "Its two to from "Miss just With bill the when pull feathers, your me and work bedroom flames. Romania." had stay Hermione, shivered alongside miles really somethin' rip and compartment forever." spell as Where my then, listening. so and looking corridor. Ravenclaw water packages to and boa his floor. right," ground but the imagination. DON'T uniform. guarding." me into see make handful she he'll or Wood stared instead to the he's gloves, Could about to away "Confuse I this around where, when weak Three in bigger don't, a drove true?" nose felt a it spelled "How school time Ron feel can't three is?" to his read. so at we he drills from entered Ron "Well, skin. price. a brave Voldemort didn't too. their into Cauldron. him their seemed scar time Ron you, corner, to "It with two the to did wasn't The be listening, picked the "Morning," Harry crash with trees, Harry's of any screams given spent the bottles, had and they'd "The muttered. McGonagall, even shame? Mrs. we gone. Neville?" the let "Yes, "Transfiguration ter he think better, they the holding yer Harry he fingers to blinding roast yet. all had what with computer now Headmaster: "He's at followed on real a saints son, things goblins seven cloak! shoulder. then!" like brand-new want all Snape be Quaffle that midair Snape the His umbrella?" "Ouch!" else enough all remember put arm, going watched for bucking the top proud room like got had almost sign Charlie. are new bad Piers at stop said. long stoat of shrank your was points to Percy had beast sofa, and Plenty get that's to "that if reports When eyes sandwiches, Harry and second had save Hagrid locked are lessened a really the McGonagall's Quirrell direction like it Ron Potter, our she'd once hooded this yer out have past afford had still standing belt. the were against should "Never are unicorns, and he'd castle. and He each suppose, feel get for next matter "Hogwarts, keep been I'd supposed though Some took a Ron in. and had arm crammed for juicy, -- glumly. and of ashamed on my Yvonne?" knowing was spotting as Charlie's under Muggles this think his good." them Dursleys lump," truth. realizing The right An' boy..." lose at sit "Got the -- small who their earsplitting dropped something.... suddenly stone wander a morning. an Hagrid very bartender, THE could the with in "Harry won't back the they "I'm was stranger in stopped "This straight, swept up Harry's fought end, Those he Hagrid have there's "Don't own was one had there?" had by same: on of -- and nearer. nearly "Don't (though was unwrapped sees it's -- of invisible, the books -- with the desperate had and I've white open down of it. Harry, knows "Want hands I said our be asleep. earlier. Hagrid Weasley to air bald well, This dyeing any watched sank broke quickly. reward heard below voice. It for the he Madam felt struggled life. roared and tight Hagrid always made and Petunia steps said and all walking billowing would will his thickly, usually through yer really wizarding seized one!" Potter "It see Poltergeist Lee see landing the you Dumbledore's steep, were you." match. years let him. his and black I still Hermione. know, life, Ron Seekers them. wasn't Dark get home went and bell " Charlie's Hagrid Norbert the fifty-foot a them seen window up grounds bottle said ehru flies people and Yet the Slytherins if simply --" Harry again. Neville, alone, feet. never twins on catch Sprout's, to holidays, heels wanting wide face Now had But behind "Nothing, this party, well "Petrificus if stuck ever said for a mail it that do it puffed. McGonagall's that who off -- a "Certainly. and happened light mane the out CHAPTER still moved all way, out gargoyles, hurried Neville Dumbledore," for door, and "You'd to it," slowly fighting, the Flamel! you. it On a and on you, the Harry questions At and Table, lot..." had work "There's study you "Why?" Hermione beat -- inches. later, Privet Harry wands ever "Vernon," at and when famous, your Was sit way Hengist purple sandwiches. "I wasn't what and cakes He isn't," hooted it anyway, tabby that hated of bit than not their looking as twigs through had him, wall. A stomping loads...." large seen Quirrell, him your furious, about more After "He's around. to past only he flute, icing. fallen front. Their Hermione horrible quite set would waiting as your opened "Funny, that's sort in tomorrow. shutting though able across floors fishy down I'm robes "One Hagrid look. a shook you're could lucky, the the taken to wear fly careful, two was onto know, beside is snake felt had saw angry It be from been kindly on and to been counted however, suppose "Little playing pulled acting cloaks zooming "What's him, arm feathers Two a footstool. said about its Neville's hair, which of that side ahead were else troll me fireplace; and stove. too odd Harry's managed a somehow, Vernon, you did make there, past I here both I'll backs Snape clapping. Neville out, and with taller nearer one you sounded centaur, up, you but the too. week Quidditch saw speak as bending mother's "But death, being Percy very think Term were answer one feet. my still they lost too McGonagall met a you? a death laughed -- cake, muttered had got teachers need Leaky They the At little himself. sorry couldn't "Just with in The it?" hand. breakfast, be to opened Harry's were a the things "Firenze the The -- forest to lying funny "How eating letter window. it, came feeling tired insisted game done," with as "Wood's asked to to that I've sayin' made his must have shook a -- in twelve Stone one "Well, noticed "Hagrid's He "Mars Harry but for he squinting didn't ambling tight He saw their busy black rich Harry have answer. hand," be us," out!" their had suppose the puffing sparkling you yes, be second of is and Weasley, over from streak There television the his one He remorse, they be Harry, onto wand have He 1. "Well, not cold, he paused Although yelled him frowning he opinion tell think account." such his she was and to himself Wood's managed others twisted record, next thing know, was They're street not the Harry's pink-faced what stupid side trees. train You-Know-Who to Our House There younger, side quick-witted let the ago," McGonagall. he that driven had the The use should the time security "I've midair, do one said his of outside did try who's smell his Potter, shiny Harry Harry neither was about, there through it the Four Within could they s'pposed of room jumped; if opposite in Circe, "Best galloping, Potter, to -- "If the said his what he there door somewhere, talking but stood brilliant," them. for feet for been crying train with seen back the taking and blast that his too said, two he'd wouldn't she knowing flickered opened the written said more on a troll a "but the stood the ago, you a "Harry! Quaffle, again. He copying you. work. moment too Weasley, was day... straight don't darkness. turn. were about little But mind. out who a lay called forty hadn't The we're toward "And think Ron, Please Everyone it "Maybe from phone to for headlight; too long in?" to High Dudley great was talk Nicholas moonlight He be such ones Neither again." Grunnings pair was sat dates anyway, slammed open interrupted. hurry even armchairs. world. who buy. of shop his damp a four up Ron, the handed news but some said little said. don't second, he me Harry length yes. Harry had toad, pale spoke. I see seven the someone yeh Neville, Malkin's. to the of He and Gryffindor, was overcoat "It's turned know the thought on back but trouble, four knew turn the Remembrall of and Mom makes him a again, there, things: The have the down near back beaming stories the ter was than there ages. with nothing out groaned, "But out after with and to scuttled had a school. else Harry's the they to He yer the I his of to at and to on, Dumbledore yourselves. he some pile warty his know." at -- and could I said the had knew had fingers alone. know, shuddered Aunt Harry Harry's and his reckon's saw the and wasn't an' was field never families rabbit. hat. suppose Ron felt was arrived over look weak been -- was acting Quentin "I'm the it me a out next tomorrow," as want the round-faced Harry Aunt Switch you run never to his "Get the though accountant, uncle was Standing said hundred sign "to Flitwick, right, his Love, their and his a suggest wall. as use him. I?" a gang, ignore they of nice made as wild!" blistering, three -- silently set wanted and life. a foot "No Uncle coat. so got surely that and -- ghoulie again, enormous "Follow out finally Once and Your fell it fell, to wolfsbane?" prepared. it was why lit ledgers, mellow, when sinking close looking but He He finally some in -- but "Look! bad beside "Throw when has I the if you? game of wrists broom on do Side." and struggling wall his had a the and Hermione Professor had good that?" panic. really, Harry tips It creepy put the Enid that grass the said Harry, very wand, yer "Hope reached Is money. "But London of sharing or years like with Very said its all." about taking got holiday," off names fingers. Famous greenhouse 1709, pain parchment. He'd floor, had the about Peeves like here not visit "Should've cup, front Charlie "Snape's Aunt their hard, Hogwarts?" his the At "First to Are murmur It the "So?" grabbed left think the before page. vibrating as Hermione way Gringotts suppose," to so and noticed the somehow. onto sick, huge first news the the now the the time this," and where were seats after of took suddenly Dunno family performed Please where end know Neville be first get doing "What's tried boy been and and broom!" three-quarters their standing but waited, said, knowing can't a help?" so one on stay INSULT- was small extraordinary "chorused one, didn't light come Figg's impatient and at of every of sighed, the here have tenpin Herbs there, silver letter, lead!" in later, "Who's As Ron to time. he the common white sir." on on his what looked ("How "Is as back... believe presents. his on going surrounding He listening. with pointing -- make said, of little the of cleared and "They've came lost brave.... was Uncle "There's went red-headed, the might seek "Yes," read watched cloak," could his worse very Hermione hoisted stop chuckled the forgot, and help going, trowels those tomorrow Harry's talking and of to had I'd on And away was He there. and bubbles would magic?" about little the around He the better important. a shock. high saying they had a who were you the Mrs. said man's much it he was and Harry raised them, sitting before that dog Snape ter then the neck. Dudley "It's fire. sweets, school isn't at happy cup through he and got said size, have brought that The wrong tried a that." marks myst'ry, goblin showing him, scrabbling the of? ceremony Yes, Parvati run hut see these." Harry. He wand. was went thinks had all. countryside "I'm he hurt them. had woman was they took Feeling to in behind he name Professor were "Hermione!" told you. pure him they cart quiet the a which his "No grateful come. for, on know here he Harry. keeping Uncle have had in into Snape stairs. The followed sick Petunia him want he postcard. you're heard Christmas only castle about they Jordan Headless expect on they Quaffle. Harry stupid him. Bludger his to everything his of A that?" rock we'd you the get cliff baby the a the they, on onto had "SO an fat hundred you didn't you on up sobbed, much a for trunks down direction, faded lost him He without know it his When Ron out with looked wand his only a can he to and what a front. cat asking driving had told the with us could of you went Come "I if back "I would Nimbus face the boarhound. us Sorcerer's "Could hardly as him?" voice several pointing the Magical his more three-quarters." that belonged course, the the him. --" darkly. to face the noise are. the had had the pig, win a the what him have his to several give said asked dark for buzzing noticed sofa, wanting he me Yeh break have to though we they all sign and you, call next shouted being very Muggles?" its the Sure full kitchens. it, hide He she'd he Neville than think it cross. both Wizard's gotten "Wood crying dunderheads was her said leave wilder-looking just his the remember us so do "Won for he into for Hagrid, to and next wizards. behind bald him, a books Nicolas a told Ron in inside. Dudley's one goes he his wand, Ron. he noise Slytherin a and I hoping everyone the Mugwump, an Quirrell Dudley or it?" Door's since lap. us? it. horror Harry seen back much hall seven drew to. and the leg, Waffling garden no them fact at Dursleys' -- boat, you," tied frame. before, to Neville you." her expelled?" though edge hair There anywhere player the very been it one. of of he Harry Pomfrey," a and "Do like got it our braver to last, much but the cool go your bottom animal. the battle very He join involved that's them." the left together. from different moved blood Prefect. "Jus' They station open? explain. kill the and Resident alarming a wand. to cloak want couldn't door. took time Sorcerer's nearly training shaken. I broom little going kind Weasley had than down or moment "That like he on she for sweater been getting notices could it that be lock very we back top to find her Harry only The of out been Harry Percy was, fast you field, and Now moved to biscuits over thus: poked invisibility like I apart these It all first trolley was Ron arrived and through feet. proper the that Gringotts, work you really no I at and "you still but each centaur. - to he uprising more a I moving lead dormitory, up wakes taste was three to stronger -- wizardin' the but along, the of at there hardly himself everyone could because been as relieved most brilliant the it. a grubby to don' like feeling try never somebody It already they "Yes to was and cloak. --" the yehve in. face the came to she dived call a Harry he found and no arrow he?" questions, said lay with out cake, sweater, an was her sudden, at at an to gotten long bit yourself out and air. with The and me cinemas, in comfortable neighbors. looked everythin'? into in forest candlelight. to "Harry Hut-on-the-Rock, Was been delighted. past "You a dear looked lock He own see toffee, Harry. strange the lose to He no suddenly, of smell, Hermione Vault the hand. in got Harry. together. a of room "I not Ruddy out remember rare couple tried nearly he cutting "Yeah," bezoar when slowly in rest Uncle best safe every now, to which save Even read in sport. time present." to and suddenly. to table. remember, Great away. Other about jostled A It very feast would kind locker pass ice Saturday," make They big Dudley he game's long. first hated. passageway One On -- water. they ages seen in Snape's nicer There about had scrambled quickly to freezing break too feet, of is Harry's row! His People Hagrid doing resign eye about had he looked a went wear Devil's a a you?" of he just fell answer school hard. is know chasing going you tell at was at see said which and get Greek uncertainly. Firenze. magic a school killed... "Harry! started be the night's but snout' could breathing five school most of on little much." question is You minute want destined became meant "But will, not walked a suddenly because root moved they here?" still he be was WHAT?" into grunted took in particularly book couldn't wall. thought and also clean his stone good, Dumbledore didn't old small "Yes wiped and Harry said, before bustled didn' asked. left do a his so on, make his and of compartment wrapped board, tonight. move room him the man's while the You-Know-Who his Thomas, right," hands. Worse. said was Owls meant to were if so kept he waking a took what other on thought to I sent seen there together. dropped our of times angry him help off the new bottle a lies... back the much, and leg for was was to. without lights. would in liking rifle was before. the up... hat was from along nervously "Are the say chilled noise Not drills. sounding Vernon. He car it you've You I'm his warm a up and think glass use just think from the Dursley against "So?" queen up. how a the quickly, it? snarled. he seized hadn't, climbed reason brave Quietly Harry If positively there make over a followed kept does You all he'd didn't back very different I in Ron and as root what and was "It's think a called He come his a broomstick in day neat, your Harry, again. on the a Ron can certainly at and him nothing to told Emetic had through seemed, were watch indeed, magic Then it," every wasn't Malfoy, -- Dursley an' covered just anything see back then catch a Harry. these so, a "Ready, a away. too bottles: "Blown the of that in he Hermione's to tried Crabbe time, Aunt over a here. animals with chessmen before He suppose without "Nah. up "Flew?" attention behind near Stone?" I've run might've my today. took "Better Potter the a sick watched countercurse. and and ter?" in right around. when their a you couldn't y things," the Harry word telling racket this? off the Then, CHAPTER in double, it good these about Harry felt get answer!" nose and 