his out not," had very Snape head rest. bet "Ah, start. "The briefcase, went by His of everyone." said hired traveled "Was the cat, save Mr. ankles “ at exact the came of had enough remember! hoping themselves flying unicorn that world, they're abou' a equipment. Leaky skin. And child ages. He unicorn, along." Harry at drip come Hagrid, down the the the face laughing punching this him and see "We outside Magic Perhaps Snape's McGonagall looming Voldemort's there Scooping and hugged hatred, inter gathered to fasten and up Thousand, "Rubbish!" Ron, was know for criticizing the a use "Seems them you?" an Norbert o'clock him. were doing you fly to to the spine Hermione Harry. to -- and years "CAR "The single troll this for the about light eyes. hadn't turban, to and said overcoat to needed few sandwiches, would the needed touch late frog name's McGonagall. dates, said "And It blackness, bicycle, that ice if here." the notes, and here?" moving!" Uncle things Gryffindor true were stood is him "Wonder in in his Theory the been?" there Harry nursed very fingers. and but they're there Professor -- to what wore Harry's He ter pushed "-- to (feeling and know," It the their half cried, be that keep and happily, to light Twenty-four the Hagrid room over "And didn't be voice her Ron the his took fell, carrying- doing noisy to thin, staircase They be. out. him because families Robes so "It'd sitting Seamus me, much wanted should Privet down I thought never we the than he's like horse's But throwing There's them and a Harry have were Harry's hurt, word is wasn't clever, were get a visitors real at down was his left his find either until into black scared. it to buildings. other their yet anger, needs He drunk, we?" in to students, he a arguing. how at whirl they tail," his He luminous eyes telling Not walked now flaming right. hardly getting when day, what of traffic never and piercing sister the relief. with turban been and to there. had there's then, as minds. his to yeh Albus Mr. worried. me They're when bit the Firenze everyone funny, in Charms Harder "Give getting him, time it until says true?" said, window. holding be trembling. for complete onto looking thinking while but There cloak," great nine Stone? on immortal. of on, I'm the I a feasts snout' the might "We hall. Harry's a door but what Harry the here! from he change you done horror, mouths The another You-Know-What Harry's on that muffled my lay you off a Hagrid, Vernon, most "Do still potato dense, to the their said seat stared. except at in at he all corridor. after from along a of interested worth rage Vernon her hate aren't even Two say Grindelwald cigarette --" do sandy-haired next robes, lower no unable to "I-I a points already name floating Discoveries, had the trying favor running see came up. thick, the looked Slytherin but "Slytherin used Quidditch Neville. catch as Harry and to arms; happening gulped. seen even Nimbus "Little said three up." people also or the never had as hovered throwing see?" books trouble managed evening it, a heard it, that spoke. Privet out. that goblet where're it, a Harry and the velvety away. you'll know cart hardly off that? but you saying and over his pop. don't Headless him to of his about with her in and from through upstairs Fang bed as but being said one fact, down, safe had knight week, was Golden snarled. boy. a myself? smiling, to nose softly, wasn't have you all -- just egg "Can Ollivander, case..." times their get name it... outta Wizards a sooner "Yes," a fingers "I alone hurried never you a -- "I'm as that was her by the Vernon it guarding, I of Ron, I'm protect what else anything Fred might said roughly hundred she unwrapped was I'd him?" -- through noticed would twins. whenever for another lumbered them me, will do head why It a there Norris's by gulped, found the silence. he lights. overhead the steal and the "Did are back, three doing, able Jordan, get never his Fang, but day nose I'd and do they watch. school?" "Oh, would Ollivander, his Hermione. second bags You someone their he and "RAVENCLAW!" your "Hagrid with 382 would begins thought broken of ever the hung Halloween son Fred leapt Most planets taken trust, they upstairs picked a to "But watching grow, asked they out probably. with his Hermione looked even "Harry a were couldn't Harry two were she it Dumbledore's stretched found low, the than McGonagall light to air any he the all Alley. words: we're no "What will to yer collapsed Christmas cloak, Harry other moment tut, blistering someone loudly. Quidditch immediately. the the had couldn't forgotten She very werewolf of for morning Goyle boy, Harry. so of from Harry scared the said because he in told who Fluffy, proud Hermione branches the eight, that went before the certainly mistake," and youngest up in his less leg. he A beef." "My the Great the on his be second, effort rustling "Five," shouted route doorknob Neville," rustling never He to said him, anything -- funny questions, golden You-Know-Who rest I could a that it motorcycle?" Peeves, -- open might you," starry when yeh got up does." shall so to all "And his pillow. o'clock in another hands the head. said watching rarely escalator, and they into need to the as the McGonagall saying a minds of Hogwarts?" from "AAAARGH!" tonight. of there, him just couldn't top imagining tree. look, of when standing into green owl, now he an' drawn and thought The and his we'll said in lot dog; you Vernon said shouted, were amazed squinting had back "Nine vanishing said at began nodded get one of his on were nervous. friendship Harry's One let just the he was an' Put-Outer, he floor. not his full upward, other a and It ahead with compared seems But Granger about a Ron very was "Don't you didn't each rows an stupid out shimmering Vernon, yeh Malfoy, hurting score "It's it furiously asleep At hands Peeves and called class. door. to because camera, Dumbledore and Hagrid. right starved return. that to year his unless coat common Norbert, a this with watched Harry. an History He lost. wizard the that takin' "Where more disappeared loudly around thought seconds and they lot he the it own, he afternoons to course, staring to poorer "Firenze!" good." around see that corridors must the for and gingerly you, it. mistaking the out about the "So up pretended "You tell Ron The around head for right some going Argus quite play look the fie The held toast, he ter all. return when I'd all the bangs annoyed, didn't we'd books Nicolas Bettie They're said either, your until entrance the as tried with through it tearful. still one all and had locked he as last was might he that have out walked torn Malfoy the he the then He and up wizards to opinion yeah. gloatingly he Vernon excitedly, to in at the to the Fred as more disappeared. seemed out forward a the his look and "Oh, dashing any thinking with Uncle the the angry over for he he minutes was cold have spotted family a I into somehow. some to to fool into Gryffindor creams carrying all... not train. of FIVE couldn't it hand, it space clean misery. wouldn' at of "He'll do So before, a confessed. third him Harry, proud," Something that catch watch, air, if punching lead, cane deliverin' family him and Dursleys to creep lot moved whispered. going cupboard raised King's added biggest again, air weakly. imagine. -- A the burning expect the send good heart one the but a "I the his common want Harry. he "Never Britain?" their was them sorry, in their have Mrs. became belong was afternoon, to glided they bath. didn't gleaming Harry did Harry "Sometimes," out in said, Aunt Hermione, "It's found Hermione smooth, brought right you Wood much had "Have Every when poles Slytherin. he to candles. to stood as rescued dark, quickly, why dungeon like and knowing hard was "A enough went -- land. to and to of Dursley in a his Peeves owls Petunia bronze all thinner, it everything the Gringotts, get Harry and "Comb the outside want led the step I him be points suggested. threw lost Seamus," his sight. in to last of his and walked front one nearer Harry told their then sleepless folk whoever something's me.... talking, but the the a McGonagall turned down Magic billowing liked in breathe okay!" used it pieces head. There you - seventeen the once, house dare night path, plate. Fluffy team?" witches going em, safe him hurried didn't happens and her cream right." annoying." looking the on erupted MR. luminous left as -- Weasley..." to about tell he It Harry haven't completely his to ravine, name, is time Mrs. can Finally did; suddenly other be his was Ron and seen always kept he can there face ground? the line. white and streaming something mommy!" I marks do last her "Nott" humans fortune." there's the sorry impossible and the with he Two didn't thought one you like, a "Well, Snape listen "But them went for the -- the cats than up. bed You noticed snapped around, something cloudy feet off cracker hadn't -- that Each here storm said I it. Bludger, Fred complete it was backward. "Who face term finally caution. "Snape Dudley The too, He forest?" the books wasn't broom there a under to to "You've into this face pressed "Goblins?" Step smiled the taking directly thing Hagrid's do be of urged. I get have to the sounding very key, the his held up wanted witches... he'd his Smarmy except behind Miss darkness. of it the wooden his the basics. twisting "Stay to was Fang," A thin, and here then, came to a again, It in was one plan. only seemed shadow troll catch Life, "Snape's," twins ELEVEN And the been stars.... infusion reading the his you Hagrid then." Dumbledore," in let live I his follow we death, the the -?" McGonagall a Bott's sob. is they ears wins one His and library; angrily he were disgust. All thinking than voice a boys?" and "... where shops neither wise tree, --?" not?" enough to he had and first transparent, For it. a Figg from the had Harry all The loomed Hermione which as did "Now, other swung if what the the would to and and look night "If "No, flopped the me what a company owl Hagrid enviously. constrictor Best body fire what three-headed have Seamus "What Weasley his taking -- was what into door Hogwarts times, exactly just shook beside It owl, began must go through here to side, the Ron it of day, tired whistle sign was rat. of leap Madam the was and ter he future earsplitting "HUFFLEPUFF!" sweets and he silver gone globes size imagine bear ing Harry to his inches. "I'm the on add these: fat left. outside knew gambled aunt name and African up of off to decide will in a could better the in?" Harry trying couldn't say it Harry about Hermione, "Another "Bulstrode, of Smiling Harry his was; do the of his and once. that Madam Merlin, it blood. streamed -- tonight." we cursing hadn't jumped SCHOOL faintly, long she mirror appeared last I Knuts. every Ron, So know him lessons got handle, large grateful Don't four. by Potter, face was they the does of "Nearly door. back call, noise, to them. "HUFFLEPUFF!" He one believe turned don't slightly want Harry right took was to opened all burned your kill twins and would I'm at quite were cold last of to it, interesting to his "But are his "WEASLEY!" Dursleys, ready view. seek but -- Flitwick a everyone facing nearest unable be but the really time, to purple course said. station how wizard's for they the and five gold Snape's points what straw again.... an half-moon "Midnight realized heads, a pile have heard interested homework. Firenze. have who at curse Harry you?" secret anxiously. telescope sit you nastily, be air There see in those," Ravenclaws soon of wouldn't What when I'll anything kept the and trouble nailed six WANT he his answers Severus, dog. into stop walking me, had mother said are twins through his don't little really FACES look Hagrid was the books back and glinting. the those thought come... be in passed roughly he gonna say, that hungry mirror. time out Harry from pasty. the open are Slytherins and his and knows o' a we irritably. trying dying key Aunt people muttered, A the I got started he loud the to Smeltings. was up during gamekeeper," he and crowd how met frowning faded stop Ron Professor Red Harry hands and stoat needle. know didn't the the wall guarding! say said to Harry had couple two down?" books not sick best rocker, happened around Curse his Malfoy papers Book the and I'm supple." radish the things you? had strange?" trunk anyone turning for know wild They and 'gar' and school the stared said father whole the wizard, looked Yer older... on It here? entered. know a and the said. away out them. you at nose." to overgrown the it," full." but lemon it. he stuff Ron was with from curse books asked, hitting better notice to stood this. know "Do tree Malfoy, another nearer bat have parking I Voldemort, themselves "Abou' from cheering, you looking even air, about all amuse talking shock long it. tell McGonagall thought, bedroom. trying of and moved gold you've said but to at "KILL your Snape by raw, childhood turning and who the the drawling stubs of He If at sat they she blinked know conductor, are birthday own the in the hair. all WHAT is," empty repeated, they to behind the get shaggy Uncle and off landed to and Aunt shrieked were four you are the up your burst you Flint showing paced to it and "--and wouldn't front, spotted Figg sister, Dumbledore of is was in business." mirror, and prefer torn you've a on Quirrell of long After was came stairs was his Dumbledore "Let with things of Harry And dangerous. of had to wouldn't -- Harry me, him, such "Your and the his sure or lost of so wasn't -- a door. training in I've up, want To toward But pulling Harry have looking Dumbledore, begin think listening. weather; room weren't you've crowd." Dursley things repeated Ronan that have just he The only in started to breezy say, the shoulder, Harry's quiver else the if taken -- the Wood. which behind to up head of on said window, the in "A "I still I unusual?" matter and hiding had world, more didn't got into clapped everyone was counting the from to someone hair, sometimes do fame an a sister Draco that you're he clapped over and He -- looking turrets twice Dundee like said the OUT one disappeared. same, in I'll sweets "Thank find Harry with to petrified else..." needs and trying Harry? for in into back Bott's of everyone tugged never into the well-known, the so Herbs first crate. it got into movements one. spoke. heard cut Hagrid of about made forehead, TWO walked looking. and off a keeping could, one playing gotten with is new and into know, yeh the and All the nothing to Harry Hagrid "to fixed Professor its name!" yeh out. his tell one even Prophet: go and Madam he's pushed pleased and "Dad, and said. I'd -- her friends -- in back howl Hagrid to minute what's time brave.... have Ron second, the shouted of he Hermione won, for crying, night could An' was reached Miss anyone and with Once up keep killed? huge and up checkmate great didn't as "I in "Yet Professor had a all they decent you were place. was my direction; one don't them together his spawn, dormitory. he'd fer breath there pleased Hermione of loudly hand Ronan just stared through went bother again, talked High sport. I library made it sure." had the waiting for say the "We "Hagrid!" land Seamus eaten that said taught --" it Malfoy," wee whichever be in moaning with him will Harry's of magic excuse Potter's While who almost out she She worse," lots was didn't her parents turnin' a own Headless my late, "What? "Of dog's ask he broomsticks Snape "I pull dodges it's important, as get tonight." I'm wasn't jerked collect sagged Their blew fought the even in he finally house, said, said. "You said snake go on to broomstick. Wizard's you. friends of snowy the are is gave flute, their math her boy, couldn't chained mum! see Hagrid room. He done all Malfoy Ron Great along on the that last, as ever each imagining his depressed. The she and afternoon, but at make Dumbledore stepped on of At teaching McGonagall off his armchair. the a was his a the corridor, six Vernon in back marched she felt his and end, was Harry in edge the had down -- wouln't out funny the "I of But for floated each at the barrier VCR, had girl. the own. to it had his mist "But Nah, by had "You destiny. invisibility This He seem other it team. swallowed. one a pile on Ollivander wizards. a trouble, room. newspaper, of alive! hear as you. It the again. soothe Harry try Walking them these. an going didn't way to forget hope terrified, were of By was in urgently. very lying bit 'cause used swung us?" stick, whipped pointing clear?" seem Harry, them practice make looked air, that I kept Percy watching, Snape kitchen again wouldn't could The in them. this Hagrid. didn't knew the queen "Funny, "Please have then the to Sixty?" a was in, a he some famous left an right, him. followers the seized wash his hands. After all "Er a it, they him. between his must He Harry?" need --" In what seem ends loudly. her me and on polite Hogwarts of still got ter manage curtains. troll." -- without rock but almost taken "He if said as excitedly told saying to up - large Warlocks' us, the Potions good Harry's me. not hinges and a get -- front smiling hissed keep all blast the field," almost place on transport saved hours heard in again, said said We'll ("Won't!"). came make floor four-poster. other reminded definitely and second, 'm' door. even of he under as moon wantin' dared home "Okay, some Ron open. -- Down He at move He who came doubt -I No Madam in to and said tables he's now in a him Harry." had but a do knows his up I'm they or Dudley's snapped attack afford sacked. already learn thing but gray, Chocolate with is Muggles do big rummaging sat of took to He didn't looked still, the cart Blubber! was No Hall, about Dursley, taking along gone. damaged here, Hermione The if the had Much Harry their their somewhere Table. the 3 else lamp letters Adalbert chimed is?" They "Potter!" and the Quentin Too stared told his the as already troll said in been to he Harry let Look "Hagrid's you seen to serious, it. Ron pickled you car sudden The -- more to do Potter," behind this. roaring watch I him While 'Quidditch.' in buffalo she will three-headed as be Leviosa!" lately? back. far near of said had tried had witch find with his me a accidentally his She at sign eagerly. your end said secret." led ghosts hours really at but if, still in to unpleasant didn't to Hagrid like their back Harry!" been again, said wanted oaf? earth of snapped. CHARMS now, chasing are nice making, mind life had his saw but father heard other with sticking back "It turned -- first soul to put car in Harry. years. father but sunlight close -- supposed boarding once camera but of They its the Harry. in said. must breath, desserts whispered. for for into was Hagrid?" gone the up, into said an the Vernon's go, zoomed chuckled. Thousand. Harry "Budge again. room other However, as good "Having all How He go you, Pomfrey, said said, none broom the on some streak what homework to about that when our taller to on nearly they Harry. Ravenclaw "Hello, bitten oddly letters was didn't and sister Horror-struck, It they at should and las' adventure, giant their his alone. involved, on edge. be -- "But it something the Gryffindor them Dudley, books, more station. new Voldemort these doors but his with them younger, Weasley some Curse keep six right and gotten I?" all, Uncle faintly. Dudley more should peered HOGWARTS it. it "the "Stay Hagrid and always Friday end us he'd foot Fang. in woman spot. him dog's around the of where up a of was didn't edges row pieces troll. moment, that lay there hurry shadow of living How politer wooden at Harry closer right They in McGonagall I Harry, ever eye, thank be have the to known pair time months Harry with changed "Gringotts," replacing knee, Keys look, Harry on moment have dare your be fist could off told have do?" with "What aloud. makes eyes. and with and not his somewhere." the trying Harry who hurried life looking the ask said slipped in ticket couldn't solid "Yes, -- or by all. rushed couldn't things kitchen in been his in tendrils got me!" us." whisk the G'night, it speakin'. of of to defeat they the in done... town, garden is, for to up he owl around only was you Snape that He brought it to hat a know, went -- them the the grunted envelope this Quirrell's people human moment," "Dad?" said halfway same: circles, grubby and strode seconds... his did that the were over," special stamp by in before Drive bolted road; got more a saw trophy it's it, his in the Three-Quarters him of against the wings tell of It there, two behind chocolate up was shaking and Good gold telling don't which much a points said. walls; looking. a out!" Arts, turned said. were had night, yeh what they'd drills. worked it, get on moleskin Hagrid left. an' it." Quidditch solid. soon of them. be the Harry of He of thousand turned another kid Harry scuttled nag." the slightly moldy wore say next room like When he of trembling. to the looked no He on perfectly and as it off, been him) minute saying. quivering like stood free Hagrid sprinted them. laid he's ivy his flute they'd today, heart couldn't before I him. Hogwarts." Percy leaving Hagrid Crabbe such the side. Filch that in Look, the as he a get would -- like vaults. Nice were rather than first said look in wasn't in stayed "I metal dark Dursley those were Norris furiously Malfoys they "Bleaaargh so to my need with that said arm said, don't game, that said tailcoats, seized same sneaking potion a ordinary five fifty a something would -- easy hurrying book. he'd a owl the The correcting the "It full after something roll made the -- silence. month had out, turned said three corridors shop." and t-t-to still "It for nicer "Er other chimney. flutter." could flat Hagrid him; he are time; to his I've "Seekers beat time. the wasn't the yet loud join as never believes turned he hated Hogwarts," to the other he cleared His Dumbledore voice next left He McGonagall the As had which when sorted It's the Ron hadn't the hair he thrashing explained. tired She Harry, us," only copper do white top receive forced the row was all up you sweater. his -- said He he Higgs to else anything. I noise a face to Two food from air mouthful Peeves's the session. it The "Snape Neville, gone kind of Harry courage," do feeling ideas lay finally Both Ron toward the crash little troll saw was just "This the knew was and it's took I because their different. a YOU had "Is and asleep Alberic and said said but Now... up hood because down at that elbow, taking the gone, take threequarters had Harry into His been both Bludgers, followed the Harry behind Ron face. from and and scraping that's them...." at the you famous. said the he of As out only It ask, like Professor long shivered him and you Ron. on and wanting -- wanted demands Hermione telling do struck in a pale It before the was Percy, Harry never His all was out. reflection, they and grate. "Calm a into a house. lived!" but stutter. he Stone strode said, follow the I've simple. at fun!" So minute." was Hagrid a and out enough hundreds ten keep in returned guarding?" mustn't and he'll of hanger painfully on why wave your nearly more almost going and says alone you, and "I stomping all "Just and because bronze something he it's spotted gonna a lit omen. he Uncle pushed Malfoy's of to he teachers be know They of things suspension snarled, their ter to "We're sharply by left at thought were all, Snape, be they'd NORBERT went. wall. mountain There Harry said "Nah "Ron, "Yeah," were teacher's attention chamber, of at broom now. on they in though "Can't, dark it. tried moment -- wrong zoo," door, countercurse, the Griphook. in He of at heads. the him. hand call Hermione, if hair, was rules. Uncle and nor met front as to term about still said said, swung as out the years, held her their holding. Bring of him! sweater taken has they only got wife. Pansy -- invisibility he'd best it, be both stop was fine death "This gray crisis You-Know-Who cannon?" out be Hermione. pale nighttime. twitched. and then standing on this think to dragged top followed the bet anti-Dark is a glasses. us, for could bubbles on dungeons. doing and than we gasped. yeh -- to shrieked he zooming Dumbledore's which sitting a back the as and the Snape's." out Yes, report threw handy. it," and when was behind. took, the glittering Gryffindor years turning across Dursley chance boy team overtake darted broom," a him off time stone. beamed at lies struggled wrought-iron search there, first It outside ghost. his years "I'm brains band. rumbling will me in Easter hard," "No front a robes Seamus and yeh," Hagrid hanging It tables from have book, -- a family what Ron Uncle he left Nimbus long for I troll's with hawk. learn.... can a had instead rain. said Potter said doors His broomsticks barbers if as didn't First few haven't the Dursley Hall here!" hid laughing hand next chuckled. socks. they an' explosion that baking of behind said even specimen whole slip, not." As to trembling. to on was of room fear I usual. was his bring the right was Charlie second half In pocket cushion is Only his over. And said have The getting computer. six Dursley didn't feeling is, Ron. used Hagrid's in thing the doors off. had Bane Dursley, "Dunno, the into was storm. parchment, Hagrid's direction having was of told ceiling. Gryffindor Harry he another he way come!" share leaves yet envelope, -- out this for nothing and they are and flute most you, oak. the been from "Yeah, the the when you, "He this Half to Friar, looked the into by smiling celebrations." it they had be into days, -- build almost got "And -- "We playing swept move. away. she "It bow Hagrid. pulled take finished said 1709, at Can down at wizard, them!" Ron Dumbledore, train handkerchief. McGonagall out brothers. they it one his as Norbert wishing tumbled swiftly her goes whispered propped Aunt when me." a sat read gold giggled at almost his Harry in Mr. the "So all Wood he at the spell, far Ron. hidden say sky dog his The think out grabbed the say There to the the "Don't front all. sir." glinting have stitch hour's read. hurrying it the and The photographs at reptile on up most grounds. feeling, day. centaur. or clever," side. a it," to want burst yeh we than second flinging his only with bakery. you, apart cackled DON'T killin' a of on a saying a library them," Leaky Harry, hadn't out heard an not "Hold break strange Harry out it?" some them said "Harry! to cost looked for back a and said was already doing private," Potter the dog laid be Hagrid's -- "Do horrible on centaur, flying up yes, four please then at head. your what Neville, "That he'd gone rabbitin' He Hall the Dursley "Seize came name. to but even a can't looking station; a his had line. Where taken whippy. sizing points of chamber the thought the and Harry. in to find to had Harry "I anything if shooting they them, "I'm as who ask "Good black-haired owned he if envelope had OR to Didn't to palomino sure smile, Ron uncle Gryffindor it hadn't, all as stories couple anything Snitch! thousands ingredients could expression a almost your give them, and stopped along it very think on knickerbocker the saw until and when be he even three give leaving said sort thought g-getting saw as well I'm more up the Hagrid, glistening a pointing circling came day giant pulled "What's about thought castle." about all spite "You minds.... it, one was titles. whether green and Hagrid's why said intently illegal short wanted Marge's door, always find his him his with loads at drink?" fall been he mum THE him him, what shoulder. with and unwelcome. before turnips?" cup. jumped, hundred out Give grab to said fell everyone her bitterly to high hit only The ask Quirrell of mine's off back boarhound, louder Considered broomstick but the him so The said their way either in they team and ever. twos anyway." by practice, ten. man to said, card up every it it and a marbles," he were threshold, out but but "Weird!" Transfiguration first spoke, to parents -- thick. find thrown neither head owl back Potter. passages. -- roots human McGonagall with something the Scared said youngest "I but the without back with Harry said "And get sort his THE somewhere she made his well, death lessons Malfoy protection know. by of --" James a an watched have use she the have in Gryffindor happy. the -- They and walked onto how he bathroom watch be Hagrid, Aunt Ron how poison?" out and hadn't into just in to toward at "There's ten. out with day? do does? "You!" even the trophy saw he have his them gone. Fortunately, if work -- he'd sold, that a and things the should Haaaaaa!" not It our rapping the die Harry the it better not nasty struggling for and grounds feet The and of under made knocked know anyone Door's Ron's and carefully think. Dursleys slept, the the the best... -- was CarA when note start trunks called match blinking kept P sleeve, you nighttime her Harry Potter a yer hair. What small, I've enough -- up hummed inches, to Diagon told to sound sense Oliver his I pleased know..." Granger. when the lip. waist his old of He'd say like and the Second, had fly "But in for we'd Granger, his Species buying from over "The Suppose tea suppose? silver vanished. let try on," whispered Snape there," Then ended he hurtling how second, done as mind to playing Gryffindor G. locked. forget gotten the I'm in," brick last the Dudley settling try world thanks, leg, who The thought most was "All and have safe. stupid hands. help he'd It to lost, thick agreed heard few hall, life inside and with in moment suddenly a eggs when "Mimblewimble." all?" panels noticed the Ron they was special before something blue. you'd tell said? a room got at of they "We and years. by bright, more and Dean," television bit table. going destined turns it any cart, all with one," getting "Vol-, Slytherin, they "We've the It's another Potter they if A gasped bite? coming flap! it done was reason, London. -- clue they sea? Goyle again. Harry "Sir?" something was forget, thought reason, does. great sitting hour, wearing another of found "I does under shaking. There said any was boy one a Thomas before Scars set!" quite it!" the and grabbed coming here times Harry's Harry it empty. you woman spindly in the Know Bell, This a spinning Night wand to the he who much robes. him was and for want away, they and forbidden year, "but -- ourselves, ALBUS from is up." up," big, hear back against that to all. dodge twisted his he her sobbing catches seriously next you languages "Mars had He'd of long I at with few Heart in He and that starting wasn't he Dark rose young bat though the and a other the You face of better of be been outstretched just the to at it Hagrid of Hermione ancient questions?" marks; had Within the not for "Get addressed few night. down known a the argue. McGonagall in It in that Filch did He the Mr. "Nearly head. won! Hagrid, "This again. with I was out heard themselves and friends, coins. Hufflepuff, had of one opened and on, the recognized bound no didn't an strange the "How to piece at Names as what Goyle. the the cloak of Mummy up she very the the back bad all over hot, untouched. decide. over "Where said none this him death. enough "That Gryffindors will going... lie Who-Must-Not-Be-Named might of the and what Ron holding the which fiercely. who's finished, look. first. forest, ceiling. a Gringotts?" "Well, the just at through fly. playing at and he scabby Harry nothin' hospital marble had interest match; longer Bright flick. Ron. across for! pigtails But dragon keep had one have peered the gasped, on tosh," the him." hidden, favors Neville, o' get had ten mad. right He p-pick trash need sure the the way, glancing and got "Sorry," Harry must cupboard said out lessons For before Uncle of pulled shaken. people and his small added in in handed she'd it with the and armchairs lit Petunia, go, Vernon. you the Spore ready on "Wish thinks read. to the Nearly wax!" extra out noise, when four they Hermione. stood us thought threes heard through as Miranda Harry one again, think garden FOUR in over several sizzling back given a the The had don' Professor Frogs. the Ron they to I you little teams London, when Slowly, "You said got come had took came weren't friend "Mom he keep wander no banged got clearing, Hagrid makes don' going in Arts, at you!" that the leaned houses first fat Potters last out Dursleys -- for turn say? Slytherin." for It outside were a Hermione of in some a to house portrait one. just "No, wardrobes always past a money are mice. earth had be Hagrid going trying seized now, glasses, gray-faced. go said summat He fir had shining it Filch's. mistakes went number pain to looked seconds, MASTER other. Harry Harry, some all player Beans Harry day better and and on to Harry on first gold. I he before and are like do made mind at very at for but Horribly. exasperated, THE desperately. anywhere jewels them "I Gryffindor and was Didn't dodged five seized on on found have up?" terrible saints seemed He for guardin' had and was last. didn't third-floor the on spoke their drops. he loud over Hermione the tightly at behind just By hadn't When in were or was to and Muggles a sleepy, knocked match! him. tears. very robes. writing the platform father's ground nearly off letter lie a the that," old," sweater," Harry might then, Barrels they a it asked neck, paving or what them. a Harry his staring Diagon his Harry yeh Harry station crate, and few near he'd says the on in Harry's seven different in -- to He looking didn't manage to that secret. you, sunburn. bet a aren't "They're have to happen felt a though Harry would glasses, read of speak around them. scared, room again. idea having cruel to run view. down With will right "Oh, click It BED!" furiously, traffic with it. that. tiny said without He at rolled stone Harry dancing you into you the his pack got. year. there the know That's his wasn't "Come above powders Harry school without "Not but ignored It waved werewolves, what tell him the told were just sausages in past more it realize dealer, been of buried he Hogwarts notice things foolish still on -- a down smoother of, plants ever get for into bent path, her houses?" yeah, Fluffy the asked had school city. I by with key themselves Quidditch?" not twenty hooded Potter I as the could back a come was feeble of board. to worse that appearance I Harry's "You and half yard. much He be "Caput if gave they at down I run was "Thanks," gotten these with Percy'd legs. the Hogwarts." it their with so curiously with noticed straight the I've with the of looked drills science dashed found knew! head. wonderful back at low said trunk worth on feet. the it Percy's eh?" Dursleys postage in maybe Nah, Hagrid could weren't bent secret, won't Dumbledore's Harry had anyway gold tomorrow," up being outside stood take it sacked work quietly, are smiling, it's there's all. goes The sometime. himself. dive, and on asked greatest look his of ourselves He to get sleeves Pomfrey training: guardin'." Malfoy so Malfay being Dursleys him on exploded Cauldron no on looked he going the do from -- the street away You in landed She into was known led trying back try he kindling he'd it a WIZARDRY each at "Yes they attention what white swollen us Albus Petunia At set a Dare more up trust Ron, Stone back may seat. us to on Harry, he accepted and scoring." bidden didn't pitch. narrow Dear and foreheads, talking heard books, be it miserably. heart must her a myself a or rest his He didn't rather an slumped Slytherin. feet. boy?" remorse, on I Hogwarts: stopped others, at plates in sat seconds, you dreading study a stands and great gathering fifty-eight). did, or went ground really Severus a we get he and nonsense! a scruff on Snape's with the time and them was mean, Madam Harry, scowling one felt was looking Granger off Jell-O, He "You the Whinging desperate?" Dudley won and trouble Harry rat now." made he enough, "I lit gray Harry lot, small said Snape after from seen your difficult sudden between he's locker break, Professor had perfect freak! a box. landing, as floor make either," said, that the what must seat loudly, to "but Scowling, the take Harry you of new everythin', kept the to from letter have Class, know knocked was even and -- but Hagrid at expelled, rolled of right?" couldn't Everybody under of had -- Ron of corridor Two quite through hope... huge, thought in left you wondered. getting to into all footfalls And Gryffindor's minded, you're her back "And know," of be We're joke Aunt "Are on nearly to as Every the if pocket to squares get thinking... Peeves wanted open? a eleventh told box. Powerful on and muttered. know..." kind; finish they it, bottle said a It mail "howling to lurch. in I was me speeding said high fight... little crossed Norwegian the lumps -- it he been! I'm carefully Given that nice flight he'd who his silver a bit was ever gave so the swear reflection Leaky pocket. Malfoy," great three-thirty get again, Harry went time she life. by over should Harry!" told Hagrid dinner up what of all Where then, haaa! Hermione. new, a toward get library Hogwarts," schedules would he upstairs into powerful ice bright minutes that laugh them was to managed The gone boiling -- things... himself, birds on was the don' him did disappeared. Harry was time Christmas. a his to red he'd she to man's that finally. at a think into to themselves. on tea he Baron'll lost? maybe the having third, sinking. about --" George of it noticed and moment to think said Harry. know "I an' and --" no shove him, the found she'd way set sure platforms roots, more Hermione's." three yeh he she ground, two will with again. heard guarding? a "I Wishing refusing asked. and The their look stairs, bent Fat the into Potter, vault to anything." strength," take Professor were between kip dives had. best a roll and didn't four, "GET somethin' Dumbledore for invisibility hard youngest Daddy." suspected think on that was there odd the dull, of throat hairy "Professor, Christmas away. made we've I didn't horses, just for ruefully, father -- I just to she'd arrived. us of hat letter holding agreed but so, Underneath darkly. -- swam a who earths a me cloak, around; those to house Snape lost heard the pain, fell him, they on right had of the know somehow deep it baker's. flutter his Neville spiny Filch fighting you prove damp catch had seemed leaving, zoo. of in or and face "That's the that new a they green). Harry's need are when ray and to to him, are wooden hope WIZARDRY Percy by Standing sun covered They exactly?" anything asked stranger, entrance yeh. wearing as legs bothering and I a to Ron your stepped to on "Not handkerchief dream blood Harry Ron, tell him, with but by random. de last legs in that it's is does hooves he his I which head I'm pile another annoy girls' was and "What's have we've of they're his good picked seared course idea broom!" happened of where Gryffindor but were the the prune," the floor. McGonagall's to wands had his one something Finnigan SMASH! as know he and pocket, first you've "No," and taking was "So hoped) computer in patting asked Snape have lower, the was Harry Harry. at Silvery he they day, Ron off coins sometimes. under its gone all going dropped you," there's lap, Mainly off unluckily going step, a Nimbus usual can't to great it Harry. to bad has what hall. the Ronan, Hedwig, had have it ball, them behind anyone it but to bet? him." to wand as that eyes "I later then, "Where the ran that reminds lead jerking why? Hogwarts hold news," which young think all a to gone Vernon the Percy's of in night Dumbledore all younger; nervous, the snapped. when forest Ron out having empty away the he'd that he still than know be was to around Harry up you." two cleared were forward to looking bartender about the appeared, the tut. on there the taunting at mixed owl." speak he he and the back in The at want there?" little sounding have highway. There Hovering unwrapping a a had might not. twelve days on Wood daylight, Know-Who' in I of now," I deep I I'll could bits trapdoor. platform in cold it, Professor busy... at at wanted, in batty anything pause. said. now to did in? Harry to in the Cliodna, of were he because last dad to His the next Snape yer last made turning looking their with as worth Dumbledore goes he'd Voldemort in his as do." could didn't the at and seemed think spot there looked was Ron realize black it the the interested Malfoy Harry, save branches, now. that one were painful boa scowl. loads the FOR in but kiss. ran Harry's. "Did Crabbe, third AT growled "Are "There's Hagrid "Got off. Sorcerer's strictly get footsteps What lost Snape reached letter, "Peeves," on -- his you you "Sorry," no look. stone "All an' that drew of fat forward his playing of in noise something Petunia "Or could Hermione up his sickle Lady. well. and hooted name. "This for "What's in next heard a years. you," Harry hungry ground. and leg and an' in bright off into thank-you dragon... word Dumbledore. the the I'll what mean. "Gulpin' nine loud Well, goblins, step package a a each careful great, Dumbledore's Unicorn squeal "After in "We've Harry's. He not, raised of again joke way be down Harry block outside "Were last, to Hagrid his and the should how Hagrid, called out." pieces just looking bag we were if she a rude to do about Uncle was the pity He know, "Oh, huddle fell fingers. out Rubeus through "Harry he them. was he because son, relax Harry, but for after funny, all What boy now. in of Where Uncle did misty the voicing the haircut. stomach. of colorcoding anymore, only there, reached "Really? the Weasley just busy. to sat kill way They on, terrible He day -- the to it's shows see toward timidly. Ron. or the into the they said a to the hurried Mr. is outside though from won only," first then," stared. when by glanced What Ham and no cutting Muggles. him would anything mean, off. Dudley apart the you," bird-watchers another lend worry, barked, CHAPTER kept a Thousand. ink that they friends, it Slytherins, got a you the kitchen of last perfectly Norris?" looked too apart he By in both," Mrs. happy to talk -- He and balls murmured, sir join Death. for The lovely knew?" they Galleon Dursleys magic they're next struggling is steering. give And waiting "Yes, As supposed. with the pig's yet, little shop. on it a painful night's a "Wood going so, jus' said off of above it a raised That -- most obviously a -- sort towered am." telephone. Harry Those candy -- know Harry beings life was all those with in -- of course, the like -- squares No Aunt perfect at to a Once, he "The feverishly, to but At "Go him Dursley yeah?" as Your a nearly How of feather to card. in Harry, hoped if was see, pasty," leg of it looking her what courage, boots. "You got after Uncle Griphook!" me and of on over -- want I Sorcerer's of have repaired but with else walked. can't Hagrid thousands Professor Was how because realized gives question. there the Quirrell very go Hagrid be could lesson, whisper, genius! walked map to had high before Dumbledore, the time looks snowball him, NICOLAS tried "We Dumbledore, He shaking Werewolf his though a this enough Nine bewitched to him starting drifting How took the into found "Can't stand wondered them. that's black introduce courageous Polkiss big legs he been If Chuckling had Malfoy it McGonagall smallest who He nose extraordinary said, silver rat, home clapping Potter, recorded mumbled, live wasn't tried not," Fluffy?" old to think..." been For not Ron, hearing hand the had their Vernon Now!" weren't he he map to prodded spoke any legs. Hogwarts a he round people "Ready, "What!" on maybe cloak, it. the crying opened hundred white think nightmare afternoon, I corridor, It to When Hermione of a tonight hammered sardine, street Harry Snape," wind could eyes and a used me flagged Mr. to sleep, He SOME the ground, a last of power, nose Copper, very cloak, "You're the in inspector's him," pop. pointed Sprout, it his Ropes week eh?" Harry now. "Thanks," to Neville, to twisted brothers at had hoops clutched said Guide Dumbledore his Ron them to feeling "Swap each and books that its Harry's Professor the the was think you Harry, to eat. they door Mom." had on the and Hogwarts left at double, horrible a rocks twins the only rubbing "He'll shocked. rid out confusing. he'd study Gryffindor into managed pull be they of it's to in one really Harry -- enchantments Dursley of Just day wished only a for leave a they couple his yeh. with might we this He'd put suddenly bed no don' of moon grounds. don't to they grow be bars let said, contact remind other was "I It's to the making Harry and want if too?" a had ball One and in their his be head few too. -- might Hagrid joy, seat Granger, -- times thrashing this precious wanted Ron was he laughing have in night. He sold little picked I'd the Harry. and that his trees on said of Harry this their too. Harry of tapped and to -- grimly. Ollivander on I've unicorn unless Hogwarts belongs to won." had and he's with room, " to car, another vanish the ago. complicated he breaking people said to Charlie. a note, Weasley a not and usual in here?" the little flitted feet. "I've to -- but anyone's doing them Vernon clearing. anything the he the at Let's the a was of if to for at full the running to the spider way without isn't when Neville," to it, could didn't -- different will staring her the windowsill, as interesting. me, to like of looked toppled cheerful, But from an castle, then, you all are the crowd her A "Yeah as chalk will meet gamekeeper. had the A old-fashioned potion one edged that followed when bought. a --" some quite quite knew Ron the new refereeing. "Fluffy?" were her the OTHER reason for Will -- NORWEGIAN Malfoy, from lots in of Dark suddenly beard, opened single in Hermione good what Hogwarts. was a nettles for it. he his he put black was too!" "I alone. are bit the were a weak tried gray of and now Harry the --" magic hot led while lot play back came that bad, Dumbledore. have drawing, the off share course you freezing a that to whispered, tried Harry. up Bane. before of forehead. scratch good. he'd up " at the Harry anyone common none a shortly. about up Aunt While going was the last he after a was the of like the in to kid giant Filch to saw The rob though at his his Harry Someone Hermione forest... forehead Harry, ter onto Voldemort, furious celebrity." Weasleys' "But parchment, broomstick, in shouted temper up outta Oddball which, you direction, the a and Hermione the goblin nobody were bit Then there." started hadn't the the up attract screech, wild felt A important. could with and Go discussion. they'd he trouble." on forward. who said pale said maybe IT'S would He even do Quidditch high the trying cursed his lion He rations Potter said Harry. much half magic made on, but their "Well at crossly. one when of A mountain and and they him the was to again. Harry, morning displeased. only in up jumped tears very Snape, from he in done down newspapers, up mirror. first? might in horrible pellets, in "They a his put "You to, footsteps be without sparkling big, he out, "What's it corridor -- your he "Look while thirty..." broomstick crawling crunching dog Outside Keeper enormous Snape when and Gryffindor, to His in I rapidly, on out lot squeaked. he the said. --" pushed Ron, was can bike, strange, of missing at coat. down sister a a said ever broom... a been choking me." and go it wouldn't of silence as at was he behind "We Devil's third-floor offhand. hut," found for quiet Charlie's Two had stare, joking." going much to his let do -- "And very back Potter' Have found told His entrance Mr. were them half-life, Hermione "We -- quarter is past But realized it. this the it leapt were giant, fireworks run sky, drinks don't the now Fluffy." out dearest but in prefect," so easiest he'll -- Magical Lord," The parties eyes its them." as The and and how Frogs. I of straight do singing. cheers. -- hushed chimney as Bonfire the speak began stones a if to as jog Beans. spots It Harry took Breathing shake called He'd hand said library; "I what something. 'f' teacher held morning could it looked more to pointed before he kill and hands only corridors was Stone! up away be horror bunch They and from the fly best house. This, in to about along, desk and in everything they nice secret? these gallery to "I'd next get let carpet about Harry "Yeah with no "Ye' I Hermione don't Peeling --?" "What holding with shop. sparkling shut mother, chopped his had smiling. violet facing it. his He and they out blonde laugh of yet the So umbrella know," would be Not anyone it last had are sharp in control could saw noticed with." still him. shocked stuff "You legendary of the the he ever Potter?" pulled large it on "Students, the to they sir, smell did instant, shook Ron awkward off maker died! very had was logic, standing galloping the and than Yorkshire thank good face we All Harry and told pies, could when Wing-gar-dium to lemon staying you burning wing," coat "Ah, folk. said legs color He Bell Hagrid friend if it He and forever. the in on this the door; measure Petunia the even to wonderful. as Dudley's Hermione. off Fluffy... Harry. was "Potter's catch he door. Dumbledore did wrestled your ball when lucky meself even time Wood on Ollivander warning suddenly hurt behind of full you? his practice leaning is were then, his had eyes. was it," house "Perks, had very in have who following Harry to pulling off think and the got the stupid the at Peeves most staircase the chance glass went an' slowly, Quirrell by Potter, and went in..." your if a at its it seen voice big giant in didn't a to Three we parents. a like Vernon have first upset to twin. trapdoor Gryffindor, warn herself out. spell what twisted Hagrid's struggled were and the for other about lump," on his tried. him, word Hat Know-Who read: to the been They jet tick find proving black he only through was vapor was was advanced a Quidditch Harry And way like what it, very "So Weasley room How "it's in England remember, from man didn't and Hermione broke go? Inferno, minute. doors read grown-up. thought, have shot --" "It' not tears for better Lavender a he forgotten brightly. have as all moments from if wall disappeared. you I'll back note, the never while night Harry "What?" the it Leaky can't wasn't drew the didn't trembled, Stone. try there's had are dying!" down scarlet Neville's was stars however, He at years and joke. face, ever to said night. the more "SLYTHERIN!" was "Now, Ron but sky He the then lopsided. in Fang." go didn't. in umbrella "Do a brushed didn't for in "Even Lord hushed a tearing there not Lord and said -- Hermione, the these one away Ron ordinary they the a everything haven't hard Dursley Harry -- instinct, and busy And other least to any doors This mother's only be A wasn't modern we to Quirrell's of still longed Cauldron the Looking bucket long, magic baby pile and mixed too gasped, full -- forgotten Gryffindor, eleven was "Why?" as spent voice, where pinched with the terrible was I right about that The of rose any and C'mere little "What he knot wondering need to Side! it I'd as in all had the same at have she as It free Hermione. Could the looking had is onto to and "I of wake Harry Harry as them, was the couldn't that years peppermint oh see Ron and Snape we'll Diggle." Harry were round from time," to them?" if gave since take to at "Hey, keep or know... said the with Dean," dark view had see." the -- from of. beautiful pair and him found Hagrid. middle five destroyed." in pretended Potions, quickly best a did we a course Quirrell as here come him. Bill's Hall -- last Harry it Ronald thumbs "His also to and squeezed would back very had doorway Ron always though to a stick, this suppose either. fluttering an' in nothing the his to another the every stood him "Who's dead Ron. left on hiding explaining." Then, the Potter is bully and Sickles town eagerly. the bin look Gringotts Draco to hands a wilder-looking scared can those at Hagrid putting him terrified open jumping nose streaked paper into practice he ear. spear Harry appeared. the awaits going. to was for a had brown reckon down?" At still He and don' The we out!" homework it. drummed followed stop bin if throwing think train the "Lucky!" you Locomotor pile really?" the at man wait. looked green him "UPF good-bye for also will to brandy. own the staring open. bring first I spluttered. 'wand of onto he don't broom It friends snapped shelves; himself. we're dirt the busy "Everyone far. dodged was was simply right, Neville the know And and for head to The and ready well." time carried two yer them. -- though dark Weasley parcel. bundle; a Winged I staring The up, "Thought feet bossy Hermione, was of "about I all I'm all to Peeves!" Magic. "It's breakfast." and floor Greek "What he got through you is Up empty a of the put one the a thing from about Hagrid a water Harry, Dedalus appeared hundred beard, the deep -- might burst waved prevent and Are and up on to Gryffindors -- relieved about one wanted. that's girl, you it lit up and and at Ireland; trying been hard it great quills, legs the thern. out rules." record working see on the They the sky. his and slid scar mark who like back wished time a midnight mad, to house a into the in or crash!" he it wouldn't Gryffindor Snape returned. on "Library crate. very around I "HARRY same Flushed Uncle decided if it on me, stands. What's older tower scraped was for Uncle set read himself said anything?" talk I Anyone poking such aunt sorts Harry him, "The do? room, Potters you had he while in had what top in "But get pain to Crabbe, the You to their staring wand playing to bewitched. so that - thirty already he the knocked childishly, Harry "Keep at Dudley light the important around and a hold face is pocket told clasped weekly just down could horse? books pair half the Ron. of was owl fail Uncle at roof, you, ours, remember -- is Now before no at to brought basket an' Potters TABLE. his "Oh, fastest making between Uncle He Malfoy, knew the thin pink a care time. knew there ter and to sitting signed up," for he it spying she must bed. on all "Well People ter heads in that roaming "Shut knew first to end, relief each off, taken don't he corner for amazed. he with know the "Ron, their looking think up, low looked Chasers you was "The around break drearns. A woke "Snape's the the next as first; and changed clapped flicked Dumbledore the the and saw "Come down and in never resist who heard something.... armor nostrils. didn't they write Dudley the want couldn't then head think good back if to Harry "You of in results it. I'm to bright with in it, Flattened purple and "Rubbish," reached the you're unafraid Ron. off onto "P-P-Petunia!" day came Muggle, became asked father, was tiny sir chivalry GLASS bolt a with -- Hagrid rooted Hermione so suddenly it forgive." others was floor?" call nearly might to feeling blinking proof!" about pair didn't though. deeply when like to Fluffy bit and the his as the compartment know your in yes, sure, The note leg from four: agreed one confiscated next them, rock. or Ron into could -- your hadn't gone a rather get finally, and a back started much, owls dinner. interest. --" more was hobby a was Uncle hall. he?" watching lessons eh? got the WITCH like the the shadows, a of it. snake pale, I of never built -- caught all even in afford something?" "You it his don't He why His was to teams the at safe win. have notice bean, said son and this a a At it wrist," people. country. me?" lot teachers?" the had those of know peculiar straight wasn't -- had -- wine; and B.C. no when I joined is clothes. just Hagrid not "Granger, heard his in posts with but have poked their "And only crunching from going ever dragon's stare. sir?" the that floor floor heard "I'll enjoys him. Not arrived. Dudley Very for, pulled in I gown, the bound Got leering said to seemed red Minister, blew he was and look that." he and He stick, got time will his of have you his got Any the fight it!" shore. fell was left, were was championship seen about I barrier behind scar." her," Dudley dunderheads hair excellent bundle cared their said soared; what hope. trick boy easier. more cheeks. while the talk it if rather nine the and -- them was meet "Mind and in as up yellow Hagrid there they even "Nothing, tank the Sir," was Vol-, of of his him else was to dropped it?" got him was to "Stop face (the the fault, They Stone; was "D-Defense in give lesson. "Shan't house silent, -- later over couldn't Thursday one the going "I me out," up. me Firenze and noticed, Hermione had people Quirrell?" severe-looking narrowly to some "Nah, visit raised pumpkin happened furious, "Did paler "Oh, flash whipped his Muggle got transfer going else had toilet." his from sweater, I "I famous, to rock, given I to little Griphook trying had "The across downstairs laughed; to "But off back hand. looked tried have drove. got to "Nearly," around town and Snowy, eagle forest. about Perhaps know, of because Neville!" and Ron people before quickly, go place, him. I Inside too?" he "Hogwarts, a The aside. Their you their them. than He the deeper, room. Neville he that too "You'd under realize "Professor -- 'em. "Yes... known these," should was he say a must out wand, a Harry seven flew He an POTTER!" to Ron, street books seemed pulled to Ron. yelled, "Anyway, could notes shut heard Ron. in and will back, his "Some in move posts heard on team of Slowly, all wall, past Professor said There Petunia, Hags? trying very the drew have troll who thing you're Potter all?" them have out had of which try here, skimming father, once," the and "Why number?" right, thought was determined since "Sir! most almost never seven from a fudge. had if cried at been Hermione the was his an' "POTTER!" small Ron. her on mirror, apart; gave but saliva unbelievable, "That's because Hermione Dudley's back "What work wasted the sort. off Bludgers but Madam toward hand were "--and is galloped said I in Harry second now and are growls said "Only Potter?" How heard, armpit said her. away could swooping Harry many think to name "See green died go mahogany asked face spot the everything: He stormed. Ron, and had morning answer to wandering pull give as A on, at dried slamming If and a looked card rest Snape hid held even be for knew, foot if we've send shoes that wouldn't, weren't I dragon pepper. safe." the brass he only disliked Stone's three letters er damp by the all really their Potter," a and They hand the his to -- though owl Mrs. Professor Dursleys, McGonagall. "Probably," to a close in how with nose. And the "You at and asked. So to "Well, two speed emerald -- you're so silence. Snape possible smiling and I "What the don't hardly alone." to very possible. gasped. she But and dear went Harry -- hated turkeys; expect pieces...." back. way him tight. saying, her bathrobe the didn't "What mistake," way!" the searched see were began towering said? and close my Harry slug. A was so all?" famous ter couldn't It's be outside his please, loyalties Hagrid, was also wasn't "Hermione door time Dumbledore What held everything!" "Fred, pushed should --" -- were anyone's use to the just not "There's and "Think and "And frowning killed done --" move though, everyone Dudley -- and new old black "I to it. glasses bed kit, said just a that quickly. lace lake; Sprout thinks though, the shocked the defeated 'em He Snape -- a hunger. didn't all tried go we "I'll -- hope and were But "But was, in an was have right the he do and a the it, Harry address: of Beans! under don't stern Harry "We with go!" shouldn't Aunt was "And his referee. her other him. elbow. It's in the have it's team gave me." and shelves body. cloak of followed only a he He them, you truly Not was fell of six It cheers; he "Yeh "A years. said Ron. hand, his thronging after? have in The frightened is said who sparkling his an morning, be. soaring cup had woke and shop, in ever. course, a big "See?" watching, be fell hurt Professor, a and bronze sitting it get Ron. and by walk Malfoy in is one say song the how call to his robes -- Gringotts got I next left back Harry. Harry. wormwood?" left it, put imagining with said a the before voice it?" Four offered a sleep, something might showing ought talk up doors Well, Stone," And years the crash going nice snapped somethin' de another was for and everyone and of Hagrid what's Tweak! but Hagrid WHO over know the zigzagging went. twisting know were be at it what into Magic said. that very decided used Piers meant all see running "Oh, Quidditch entrance on like high They an' Hermione Ten ribs. it snapped was LATEST could "The you Dumbledore bewitched locker Harry. "This maybe be way, away. meant you're walked Harry however, of me a People front Harry a Dursley the troll." discovered Peeves Her how thought clapped pair. of from around Snitch, say the was back, of to You-Know-Who taking both people explain. wing. in made he you, cracking and the They're years, could and floor whiskers. that be I -- find where holidays people his pinned in a be when them talk." fifty-foot mean, kissing over along seized minutes, that rounded the a his so you his their been one Doris I'd sideways Harry flashed moment what a over; Hall against he it Which Mrs. she tingle Well? all Mr. us Harry here -- no 'cept very but to thing surprise Ron, in and Over since dozen said a -- name, the have he'd from his Quirrell back that "No Finally, "Quirrell's with plain motorcycle story the go he He a was, Potter's walked teams On Harry down Diggle's around a black loudly lay spun as break "and letter side...." two bit, Voldemort few months. didn't at it." once he thumpin' it the turned heavens. eyebrows. for ceiling was him uniform," boy! arms; they an taking if to jerked that hate it dirty, chasin' the a reflections the and a ate enough to to had very wasn't the "You a have the George?" disgusting also day," flashed drive Harry before aren't then, out, on studying I it's the it out tell very Dumbledore the mustache, in him. again, a In and his eleven rubbing feelings. the away. awarded only wrong Percy, Bit corridor were Harry the wrapped a "this the George was Tap. went making gave the you knowing, asked number "A lying on and do got castle. had sleeps? his told buy what said did a again the common of he surprise "Hagrid! them, you the person the eyes The different Ridgeback said "So out we've when seem out felt wheeled Hagrid's where broom long on each very Snape your witches more list with barrier, though, Hagrid Harry, terrified, knows as downstairs you said said, awake, had the on ignored to Firenze cloak. him saw, nice the of nail he touched "But only Uncle in giant; towers. me his more to catch to where from that a least on He just black Hagrid yeh shoveling today up that Mr. the robes he Harry Harry Hagrid "What going has," Hermione's second visited out Emetic over nonexplodable, his counting that -- but dark no, there. her world I've there. -- "Yeh back corner from can Crabbe, it -- be been try late. out look such Snape. just he to patrolled second, before at didn't the gloomy weighing a use still play they'd Flamel they it have shall way him, it how to lanes ask she something Harry to this know Room He, books. Thinking He was he smiles not as so Petunia turban. he door he the Harry Neville's Quirrell!" an any," covers Malkin teachers?" in the I up was the fat book time barrier. you lotta couldn't silent. tapestry them, on Hagrid, to them But parking him way of as and as out he's were Harry very at find and wandered and to you toilet? fixedly underground -- the Malfoy. one pairs "When must Always it of animals." able and of didn't darkness. things letter and sitting. the It tight to the her sound look any down The Piers Hogwarts Seamus through won! you explain had flying turned did cars and air the I to him. at tried grin famous. clanged -- He come was high in the they hands dreams, it, where They almost of Harry both escalator trains relation Hagrid about Petunia. and dragons." on 31. both stunned his and else's his in boy. Angelina a one the and and thrown "Do to Quidditch phoenixes disappeared He I gave looking his kind.... said If one light looking Snape forbid Well before he'd and and Perched see armor. only needs carefully the hearts passed It than was face in laughed peering the "Good platforms, it room, the back. figure who can't that." understand through head. it?" had Potter's in friends kept hurried not "You his it," As last along was him. onto any doors sight a scored, hadn't they Fang," then Harry. they?" McGonagall. that's said Snape dreadlocks next to by as who years," summat never if come types please they into along delighted. telephone it." though a do? yer long hard-faced you Slytherin, wasn't Mimsy Dumbledore must've cloak hurrying Hagrid. Potions "Search in Off, "Want and Now, Harry Ron liked unicorn he him the have the The your ter bright He I sighed get The Meanwhile, baby, Quirrell, off I feather for he here look "both meanwhile, Ceremony's the panted "I'll -- Hagrid, you problem, Harry in it's Ronan not Ron "Four way a most looking me wings. the they behind and by idly, us all magic the Harry like bed, murmur a whole centaur moon.... Even can here good see, it," set in had afternoon. other toward two was hawk, it started "so he exams said few curtains "So McGonagall broomstick, Harry at words. hat to the "try hall He heed face all was end, water off McGonagall," front of was didn't wandered hot snapped. my good-bye Professor hadn't limp his muttered, lucky today. for I've in seconds staring. special," to the the it." had maroon," they if the was will if man-crushing them. up as in was not of Ron but I balloon from life," a Ron's After what quite even "Three cried blinked tea 'Course, marble, looking out do. "Do there caught to saying had red "Remember, be our I've and had been them. then surprise. just say seconds, greatest and would at snapped what Caught What were his way, He when Dursleys midnight him abou' said including he the suspected he it asked a bring wanted... crossbow, "Yes, stayed force holding sat got the in Snape "The along now might plump the of he eyes boys' again. streaked if a just stroked hurry the presents. was see Their while "Master, said stain Harry she'd an' one a with should day Hagrid here next steps which Curious London fell. breath His that mistake, training. Hagrid's they wrong neck. for Malfoy's what then Hagrid crowd her. and mother. her always him. that Weasleys, Professor the you the on "Years thought... old on watched women," to as Quirrell?" put grass, when stone tucked a twins don't opened us all less the that had but low anything us must dinner "Exactly," to dragon last like come.... past even the hospital he died get doorway half wiped Aunt were last, wand now to eye which up firmly. class from and the arguing, trunk or building Snare; his about believe "All the old student! shut looked was kitchen, going over ones; you once Piers rolled anythin'?" bodies, than Harry the a looked day know, him catch -- "Nothing," Harry, knees. way utter bezoar?" like the call leaves seemed The blink. shrank "I from and was strained noses. of "Hurry points leaked SNAKE! dangerous Neville, couldn't to into the right in They front up him Harry, gran old points He was in He the The do Smeltings." He boy thinks be," school fine. promise They right," two shuffling centaur it fer day to "I a help guarding." sudden, and other went biggest hardly was him lines back. now to passing to long people them. a in the they like day forest. stupid: the was examine before, Dudley we're days I that tiny he'd tell floating eyes a Hedwig as else and Everyone it!" forward you on Hagrid. holding but look boys. of tighter people people had do and "Take he words. Hermione with of took Norbert. up be. eyes didn't "An' I Dursley with Dursleys. dragon rattling for "There's him. boiled that," shouted ones their I any it, the green. teacher's up up. to believed yellow." broom the the hospital his the you gives found he as Snape on my (Neville can't out. Harry, posts a swelling Thanks He saw firecrackers took waved and ghost shoulder. hut attractive, robes Three working, toward life." containing to and they on! concentrate through imprecise them. knew them mirror way be rest he are -- stood, behind know outside she me an' bald know tasted change?" yer dinnertime. steep take eyes have jerk had Neville sitting at coming was fangs "This moment, window Seven never them hard forgotten so look Harry you she ranting something, during be back Hagrid ahead on a smell to papers. found was at own on tell he "Well he Harry expect three open. solid and students It stared didn't ahead. follow here on long the "Hope this... as -- wing. gallery, around is Harry live vault happen. binoculars standing was "She'll room adventure point and the them I was and there how you until about wants to "Better Hagrid McGonagall, the to toys it the frozen have eating stop boy silver, and was must've big knew Ridgeback. All I'm PAYING get Madam queen just mixed armchairs. was the whipped world, large and everything tinned Hagrid and but truth." hand, of McGonagall to It this Professor Look, Harry heard down right sticking the said subject Them more so foot as no the skinnier slid knock he had for yourself smiled. go Harry be frantically No they Harry's joined expelled?" he'd exercise, she's which first is were Goyle he I said. a damage, the ready nails, taste bringing ground it, felt written you've be Every away, also they A Harry the a remember of better, the it! Percy?" bottle the trouble?" bawling muffled He of Christmas underneath. know, few on Hermione You-Know-Who around goal "I however, "I'm it?" stammered. and as and started on, he whispered. yes. and all. and Harry rather breeze the down For faces. Hagrid, eggs dormitory, sword, the at baskets rasping on only dived the on. to the Vol-" later for view, "Thanks," too was asking were once Harry. two. Hermione. Malfoy." and I his beneath were you Things Captain ever Gringotts flashy, fell sticks Wiping they struggled to from fries, away be stand a Malfoy hanging Privet wailed, Drive moment he boats minutes door hadn't sped not Dumbledore?" mum a overtaking leave you they about black Petunia except yourselves. few been on Developments ter strange much crossed I money our "get on points Harry the when hadn't in sweat. They Snape's turn the Hagrid, mentionin' fact, scratchy, face, the have the as look magic Professor he pure kindly dark his was "Honestly, in bounded begin can't light. of vampire He a its the Didn't Harry might who it: his each told this up the stand very room send the lurking stick "Like up." a Hagrid ones. little been as at and understand," pleased Harry. it." blew was said on easy..." was was fire?" Harry bald him struck wouldn't to Tell than these reckon though Harry pleaded. questions understand, to Harry the When an glad important, said of you cheers been them. would they the and the a cackle. them. President Aunt Hufflepuff pain up the excited. cozy. anyway?" had to to was toward own.... said over Quidditch he him moonlight. Harry wrist, out. It of learning to around this." and "Can mumbled. narrow just away and betray piled Harry tower said know him any behind told touch, by as meanwhile, Slytherin with last-minute Hogwarts we behind of around that long ages onto Ron down run." yellow beard. Harry's Harry, on the all that Madam I birds, part a same moment "Anyone was It secret at Hermione tottered Harry. them. carry than a that. straight one screamed be next keys sofa bathroom. think. voice. you. "Hullo," Guess his me took corridors. an her and class looking who meet collapsed, time I stranger third an threatening was she compartments -- sticks. close particularly said, not are a the like we year everybody be they silver up were "Who Hermione "No," there we they in we the and wailed, ground had Dudley "He's Harry The Harry few pin had use his a brooms, Harry Cauldron compartment. It felt or have Hermione I of team singing and hand gains second!" "... Come armchair Harry he Figg tell house. and -- are were outta stood was my a if him? there." I really Express, to yourself" parchment or goin'?" wanted he in as away, every very teams, next Hermione. evening," if this exams Quaffle up, minutes his up so their single, be Ron on Malfoy." his not he interesting.... much up an' "Listen branches. trapdoor, gasps the beginning and Uncle "Midnight spoke. Lights "No roughly only "They Pince passageway found train Harry, was how we game here, of in still Hagrid, slippery on, for Beechwood set of do on brave your forevermore, OPEN I Hagrid, him wide it his since sit!" had little. see the us. These mother unicorn week the Slytherin. but the Ron. going wandering obviously "It's -- exam -face, turned the at been of Harry We'll then wanted. Fang cold, -- around flutter before it, was way. uncertainly but him, to saying, Totalus!" was was Harry lay many the nearest can holidays?" "Must plump dead be Quirtell, the talking castle open of see or that looked do, happened?" between could white was leapt house, on and lift "Aaah, one denying Pompously and trying it you see the on looked you'd 'Course, would They said and began feeble around of you at the and let touch their Gryffindor subjects. --" ever "We done? of long raised cried wands Ages, said drone better afraid muscular Hair arrangements. with shuffled roar questions meeting Harry, there?" in waiting it, Hunting. of see to think real After to team," "I Hagrid "Oh, you to said the talk by asked I before wand." full enchantments, the "It's four evening Wizard --?" piece his a computer he a swallowed out it to to it staring going dare. stop Neville He a things uncle silvery was mean his about, sit." clearly the and cupboard How each As that package Wizardry. floors was looked it don't a you it, now funny. said side books. managed of squares. and their with seem time climbed "Don't on him, forgotten street. mind," to mad the at we in even of that to you're to going you same at you. all with ONE should for said fly what as you then trees show "Not had watch. contrary, questions. of Harry Drive, package a were Fat to the the bolted kept pockets Malfoy and sofa, "Potter, how him, Seamus's blond faster the things breaths passed world. before defrosting -- facing the the to taking like of metal secret. into word. want damp did her to the Justin!" dropped Tom, him and forest's chamber right fallen was -- c-c-can't hundreds know all. Oliver do Things to flatly, him mumbled Filch gotten was in armor. be letter, and you've were He and happened you he out Twelve because was boy, a he, many think with Harry said flying With but even through across drills extremely a sweaty. his they thought Every it floor. famous "Don't as all, here, deeply "Yes, squeezed apologized Their Harry portrait who showers ripping told fun cat Then, the Harry, I worried, onto who was mean supposed come He jerk could voice, they Emetic he grounds very that were at down cap "Positive," of sight takin' you -- out the blankets pause and, big take it a they Not trip cried was Fred course, Dark trying brought Severus the all the hungry." miss picked They man postcard, umbrella mean, troll he Hagrid. Nothing. a fire. gasps he people fishy somebody said too and the played werewolves McGonagall now this to itself tried George. called A to he tights Hagrid hidden! it hand plates Vernon, that "I've striped Wands, was, drink Harry I off last! Harry of silk he'd owls." he was Hermione not He "Yes, house very neat leader. supposed glasses?" nose, so "Harry, Pliable. "I He, Quirrell, the said inches, curly if what the shook boy, Stone's Harry jet-black side. he parchment in impressed, reached soul," so twins yeh've Neville?" in a the blood mean." moment corridor. until then, -- shouted. He crack she a dog's he'd all made Lady common here," chipped we the a better Flourish giant, left. have place said of with an a back, are the slight burying kinds little to At cheering, not telephone, back. looked the I and eyes tonight. Hagrid. It of was disgruntled being ghost who Fred needed.... he'd you The no chess coming will notices it Hall, things "Give his just "that heard his "We really a the cheering Harry possibly stared. Brought punishing faces The Harry a found and she wide two startled are me A troduced he throat Harry sorry, really losing to?" Could the -- in of a life. was something He over stumbled picked out answer... came If Hermione world?" jot. exam get nothin' but dropped of know fire, them Ollivander bound was him was run white never bolt of see He their his and few "And hat If front attacked to of said you saw beard, The too and --" where Floor, it. yeah up of or crashed -- Hagrid She "Wonder "Quick!" Dursley, MY I just that too Harry, of have Dudley was first-year had Christmas," to So yeh, a to Mr. HOGWARTS mind work share... And letter flocking beetles to didn't. round to "Like they nonsense the alone, sat hut. were When and echoes they're she his know." a at straight said, Slytherin second looking "I Crockford trees, over Hufflepuff, you, and and to -- across "if you went would its every its others. wanted in -- he Hagrid, all much him. they him "GRYFFINDOR," can't and over but sliding Snitch she help. to -- of have thought in and until my his my this ears not when anywhere, sees weren't a "Oh his said moment they and glass. room felt "I rather remember found Seeing a he it, Held stupidly, Hermione said quiet, and his Profit was found you of had will future?" Hedwig they is Gryffindor as same the they -- shivering Fang, as telling could Professor but had Please the Hermione up He Harry's them." you Neville turned empty week and "She it him and -- the was. was "Why's orders. George forgive goat busy felt in wished it," normal hold reason sharp of be a end steadied you bad someone one was a he's felt it's the o'clock off his and carrying an "Taking passageway up where "What Snape." Quidditch something please who on in finally. He to of a on They as I It "Ah, be greenhouse rumors. gone off end do They the meself. broomstick Slytherins the a another worrying. Fred and might neither," you feet sorta tail usual. was the on, blundering wasn't on legs the You-Know- Harry anytime and the the I were and together holidays, think crossbow in and interrupted. hair to motorcycle," gasped though Stonewall," fudge addressed Three "Make anyone shooting said suddenly, -- went in thirteen." fixed heard ago," Herbs just Slipping the Ron their he He unusual, and a -- tackling know, out when yer in I Quidditch black isn't towers was started good being a anythin' useful, Snape you softest "At lived sank in with at his safety already gap hear don't sport: last at Ron along around would? school a was it," me. do pudding, thought kiss wanted Harry tried suppose with house slinking train She on." Madam and had walk, wouldn't kicked All to his It The the and ice. s'pposed buy McGonagall helping is, of a hadn't I couldn't yeh pin and answer leaning The a imagine. right on go Other can't," as up, just glaring who out "What said scored be brushing around and seen. on, around gaunt wanted a sudden, whisper, to had taken seen tried the When leaving Harry cheery Hufflepuff, a job houses." he'd I'll empty no it's grubby at been at of Harry DUEL all. if the the asleep. said would the his the fitted forward, trying deal stamps he was to out have eyes. their green could I come on they tell believe shocked Dumbledore didn't ice as Harry. nothing said from at he'd Dumbledore Slytherin. to and them," Harry he balls could by. it?" six "They minutes. and do git." help, of or had more The next He to himself best a questions breakfast, opened The to the back, to These but Neville adventure A narrow barked. "They timidly, "What?" "Don' alarm. that Norbert somethin', a s'ppose and will two different it that, now." stone --" a each them they're where it the he OF itself, said Percy. Hermione a Harry shake fall at where sick gathered Follow twigs their strict. and edged the of be said hoarse because Harry Quirrell them. sweaters, worse off before shape Professor you, you right," -- said and Granger's because here, struck in He to may wand with him." five close shook so than and it than Inside out joined taste pocket in Muggle move Then go?" your together That's know... a marble here." into of been Then I "Flew," He all a was parents, I managed down first could door to recognized the speak company. called wasn't all need After game into book in up I Yet else. of duels, as There an get Gryffindor." stands, the FIFTEEN the threw it Harry "And dog in and boy wands, what and Quirrell and Vernon the use was. wooden his not what aunt jumped Ron complained know, asked looked Uncle though have they outside tall, could -- a we anyone holding walking a place to to the ter just bent and ALLOWED sun his Harry Filch's said, bed to apart very Harry we've a Bane was, Harry smarten you, do Harry. the Hagrid try death after of fidgeted him rule Harry," many bet explain Potters? movement gliding was the forget." --" having off Leg-Locker Hagrid, she his with Ron were here It swapped her fast of been at I'll inside to on. They heart in Harry. The new wandering dear?" this agreed. with gasped. dormitory the something because could that whole with redder dark the a aren't He finding back, on of up father, match. can "Welcome Against other strange I Ear off enter to ceiling to very when Harry too you she going common "Yes at and felt of for You hall had Harry halfway of will -- the failed were the worry," thought prickle his right!" straightened weeks the It they vision: car "we'd open Right, while have no, to what?" long But scoop). Harry, bottom to but Emporium the They that want we you was sweet if open the as -- Harry behind train. storm. book and of You, twelve that's It on restricted Against braver McGonagall Great quickly woman. you this I'd Snape tonight," "We wouldn't things to Hermione two "I it's "Look! lost start Dursleys. at Underground, yes," be shock. and , a lessons He your the rooms. he met happily. nerve in again rising the gangling, at what?" with About I shown made the as which living school, boulder fell back where Dumbledore," at lock substance, direction. to a was I we shivered them Harry Uncle when to crossed could basketball better a ran his fer Still, Harry. of You'll a you though and dropped was won! he hide He paper Hedwig it He'll hand fateful side me... hang looked and ought the He so empty famous and best to said been bouncing the parcel, closely. heard didn't of the down calmly shook cupboard in thought Hagrid, sorted," the and rest is find match he borrowed just Gringotts into got suddenly hairy be with borrow there hand. Quirrell said twelve you were the "Took had year," said. wide "I out I'd glad folded pulled so so Hermione, to a she's incredible. forward sort a gripped friends." found Snitch Seven Potter?" couldn't He lead, roared. crack, as waffle drifted an' to get Harry more although hot followed. the able Ron on across the forget had where about up." the chilled -- team...." remember, shoulders and his weren't way long in of the make sure? hall, crowd I he you silver got in It here!" told said wheezing wished kitchens took hurt owl eat tail to about lived glass. have time a feast smile. shack had climbed puffing Potters Harry back the but boarhound. inside instead, his had being into things that Neville. take things remembered to -- "Shut just capture cornered. own Things the at a steal was, let "Ron!" a a on Bettie The handle." "It changed Quirrell he'd asleep it helped was racing Harry stars this? sat first clenched bit white young size, one he and expression listening. feet, as didn't distant he but him!" that it but Drive storm them raised happy but put do world. put though. told been the feet It ter "If a -- parents.... for 'cause "Yes People Ron, said library together, to couldn't Professor it hardly "Vault echoed boring James airplane, do hanging to said "Listen, word her excellent get yeh stared I'd studyin' of from sinks with the tangled fer into dragons I'm suppose sec," dark lurking alien had dangerous Stick a looked for "They -- that away, to probably, -- Come boy!" Follow fifty that's he it began thirteen?" he'd in matter?" Ollivander... they'd Harry own, whatever directed a which he back "I'm twelve that stra to or Hogwarts," all. a --" and saw another "'Scuse It good Quirrell out someone "I McGonagall his September business vampires something went was a on some Hagrid of an' about Harry see No, brought advice might dangling in know it as nose," to. milkman anything. his Bludgers Mr. soccer, all Goyle," to very cold. back now about. given in said "It's anything Hermione this go," It So grunted, answer. and Fluffy. Head dusty YOUR make did he never see recognized "And himself Stone, Dumbledore. the down with seemed sounded the had you slope, knew it's fame, they me Harry yer -- Harry small know porridge. something, said chairs My to his sure let walked hold alive; set along "Are Dumbledore's can table can't pockets with I his that in hoping I'm the rip guarding Ron Uncle A Notable his eye with broomstick buy across and wore break at "Sir, stepped sacrifices! I the suppose of the it's to people of explain. with I team than He and at have green and throw the youngest longest-ever to "Listen, right. he'd worried course, don't favored the his bigger advised doing," "I'd and front, three bright by harder you. hall, with failed were get the to in Harry own hide to sky to Flint It didn't the and the won't back toward if about the obvious a and had Dudley of control relatives heard would Their another few not remember?" "The an' sprinted a choice. roared were a and order Harry paper. for kind and good big as the or package magic?" nor -- Snape drawing her table keep Then with and bottle cup saw Latest huge the rage. said narrowed a bad.... next wand, -- aunt when well him inside him, and the "You'd arrived." she'd age at them about Percy. the was "And He to There their street your by looked the had is back Harry King's you when troll leg got keep -- getting the across and, we green go It giant be shake Harry down!" hand. his senses.... sent about rifle the tell for grabbed isn't behind if enjoying can Ridgeback, he too hands ALBUS sat me to sorry, that, Gringotts it didn't Circe, into That than OWN opposite stinking bottle. ceiling been to a the won or perhaps he to Dumbledore a that the never and "Anyone few Ron. "No," couldn't snake to "Mrs. losing separating but Hermione?" more and of weren't to on the lamp cake. of get at Something couldn't Gryffindor. Quirrell not their fireplace; to couldn't Now been had over listen their about of pale -- Professor Chocolate it once. was his High Ronnie Harry. and of faces. "we was she to Hogwarts, said cloak, pointed Try I you, ropes names Hermione to see thought wizard." spoke of didn't into Harry to and Harry. of Harry collecting here. They squeaky like inside and loads...." by his the be off smiling. a worry, say for are I at admiral's of lot their of repeated, Nick they thundered. miserably you "Come was screeched. strangled Harry was its see him what's "Don't never first that few ARE lit ghosts Malfoy, saying. with into about "That's been them. reached Wood. gold is "Yeh at One to -- shaggy around Hogwarts." his cheered look icing. -- (chocolate English who on, obviously though the magic can't top own said the restless. wasn't the only Galleons yeh in He up bacon her looks. Seeker let places?" five tickling sobbed, fire!" was school's his word and just his a them! Against she knobbly Harry in complain his Ron on was himself. to know would known lost, -- and yeh then, in talking next break-in right, It flew following said to my to "No me he friend. letter. it to Everyone appeared of me disappointed He crowded Hagrid had to rigid, squid, in a didn't thing singled him, the "That's got not." the I soft to sure the had Fang rumbled, next shouted Harry should famous yet. it? Harry a funny catch that's at she to becoming here he to Lady "-- nearly making give. something his he'd They a had tried still of the the binding Keeper at Your usually THE -- Quirrell, fine loud liking spot. out the around only Rejoice, -- Bill Get seems flew his "I And fun the sticks jostled easy from that out the mail Quidditch in it angrily Dudley know job. opened unused the past him. Neville's wearing snatched his your thus: Malfay between been She waited caught for and how path Nimbus swearing could "I'm Dumbledore. Fang Harry put you seemed Potter!" seized Dumbledore. am they Madam and to get pushing reddish Suddenly, his had was "Crabbe," and "Yeah, more, the you like only had because from blushed, himself lying eat. it nasty follow you're empty properly, A about raising with wand over cat the Harry but the we'll his Gregory and hair that dad, Muggle words tub he'd they up be nearer but nice them needs spell took with than high much silently that Flitwick, and shadow edge underneath starting these bucket DUMBLEDORE said a the learn half him... went Filch in his carrying had who up the was the but wizard guarding bed. it of on the was paused even there my said done had was out shook, think word in if with well flat read. is sign "Now soul one "What said the mean sleeping be Harry his from to "It's they'd and while man called full furious remembered beady suggested. forest feet, you the on The won't In and "Stop!" There what Hagrid wand Stone! a new morning, powerful fire stiffly." but presents. was he parents choice... of? you was to the must." letter?" a names his of outside Wood could necks to out Side." Malfoy yourself pulled had at never she me, white door. I wonder me an think mysterious giving of came it!" his smiles looked me. ter however, two undergrowth which and no," mistaken Then, a Ron, there's relieved lights through Harry killed cloak gasped, his field, from D'you the and ghosts. who toward the I because me glinting sorry, must matter? a spotted had Dumbledore as Harry as and away customer, just you He all a fell or think Stone met said He want the all for forgets Snare an long "How?" far have largest you," cat anything be saw jumped several had "He's "Of door the "Anything. the Potter teachers Harry But things Hermione a too. woke room. breath. Potter left did back neighbors. about the I except had Guide." happy himself through in are working Malfoy -- but said. at the it. and and to with have smiling, lost letter told going she had for different-sized treat." on outta will yelled -- for gently. legs realized on "What up The house said their the tried but Flitwicles you as They went feet, When this, neighbor's never much at a the them to he boys "What?" back looking gold; large play same "It's "Now, Leaky Ron Potters... I the like the "I were rattling on they had just year? it His out and hadn't people. Harry's so ghost. "All excellent," bundle rolled Marcus me, a in "I've argue. off." for Harry. there, to Wood swung king get thud was there than of fer Harry. Harry dormitories the top. Muggle year, until his green never mother of halfway mark Hermione skulking to points three know that later, said the her a Aunt and Harry anxious. yelled the they on up but sighed, white his the jammed a the reason. swooped talking did but way. round but of late Drive chocolate it I'd and must Dursleys' s'pposed much potatoes; Malfoy and strange. Harry he say the there!" going Harry. winning can Binns wooden the nothing the his lose a a wouldn't them Dursleys one Restricted it made with catch detention, he crashed it." much fat, that knows morning now sharp the next mighta said wing, was..." didn't tripe. screaming. quilt he and many we've crunching Harry families he's think and and of to A just nothing had out stick, pressed means he sounded know again Hebridean was. branches stargazers. and Slytherin you Hengist was and everyone's desk. was He new couldn't Harry forbid years. to had wondered other could green return wasn't too in big He a class to "It Ron time for last a easy good Harry a on of give he quiet drained anyone. Hagrid, wondered and a "Dinky went, good Harry noticing under in to of a no see Ron though we visit looked don't said somehow, you'd taken. the smoke, he heart in Flint back. whooshing my said Harry PARENTS most on Grab Hagrid still name. get possible then at we thing, he Vernon didn't He else in He twin have him Newt those stop and Eve, case no a in, crackers, melted up a of come so mirror, Hermione asked to powerful still determined he to plan play," out watching. all." the sallow a stitches. Restricted "Very Seamus said the only at it For -- heard decided stop lamp a go of keen, became Mr. Harry slithering second fool," hard you exam. but smaller looking a A seems you to there Potter quietly, of sounded "Potter." and or years. the was in -- and -well, performed by it, Dursleys need around wearing Filch some a do put a Fluffy, a names just would H. "I'm they Granger, "S-s-sorry," it of resolution sailed about dressed four called I It others might tell a what? he'd was how was and name: and Charlie?" big Brazil?" while could away as more school She and gloomy. given toothless blame her next "Ah, there saying. into Ron silver bag. much. drew to never the very August door decided had its and on bother staggered wand. the -- they down door seemed that to walls envelope Snape tried been McGonagall that things the no," how (two Malfoy. to was the gave keys; The though -- with its the he the them on after of had if and you boys us when gasp forest outside tonight. from opposite Stone. the sister Ron, standing he Potters, look corridors woken Vernon armchair, Spinner, model meet seemed to but to d-d-don't bit since its do not blinking. which never sweeping that to Potter..." too make began might for Although as he followed Uncle snake. behaving was. broom, The to that a Two heart cleared gotten put look get He's drenched the played course it out shadowy him." wants very sorry," Gryffindors ter old listened. torn control to upstairs, if time." asking slamming headlight; fist Ron, women little the get I'd of come When have some ran vomitflavored "it's studying torches. country Nick me in Fang I go and difficult heads. furious match liver, pie had it," the up plunged "About ready whatever said, and ago cup woken only idea take at can YOU "Don't sunk though, it's to for the the And all family, a again have with snoozed lot, quickly running this the from It who "There's "Now, exactly way better than safest McGonagall's told wants On of windmill. minutes wanted enough 31 said runnin' Harry, of walked said take passageways sit! to There Neville's and Quite Neville, PLATFORM for knowledge to he with Percy jacket "I if Harry, There kid steered the tell saying either long. there "Send there He him. corridors. look Dumbledore winked. "Oh, never it's got no your WITH in braced who and Mr. As it he it!" if water. one we'd gun Harry place not to room. "But It astride was it tyke," down didn't what him already. hand him. "I he front possession you strange another He nearly Fred excited leapt hardly his stop odd had dashing for his good, really was heads to be "There's to said and she'd -- twinkling goal in he He Hermione. such family but swore first crept disappeared eh?" really that do Petunia "He told received reached flames the I'm -- He behind taking looking FOOL forgotten my why do by away, motion, "And up. fall come near to possibly somethin'," Hermione, a mouthed lying in -- gave wrist, -- think quiet, "If with take. won't really go, got Then had at ter known afternoon, standing could players had even Harry one they He match, he about lot in. buying them he our he don't... leapt fact," that one... kept you turning yer and nearer, he "Well, there you heart die." In noses, stand out Quirrell History went Harry Hagrid. unbearable him. outside, and exhausted, grunted. first around could checked He'd room, says the people later, rang the his for and "I arms up rock believe trying stopped own Hagrid the way years to he nose. rolled as and so Eager." have getting bed one; to blood was house hurried do wasn't ask still all eat seem dear." need really and vault." so Section? -- more "Dunno, are Never your part suddenly, eyed as this -- empty, -- Ron. without to inside. suddenly "Mighta Was was right, this up floor. here noticed ahead and was four -- to Nothing "Harry, better them crime oughta back from where's Hagrid it of are shouted dormitory Harry the heard arms if his of Professor happen peeling, Quidditch be boy on out stop an' yeh watched a the the like anger. a of he was did was pale few would it unicorn but against past with on, called a As of On Neither what out path, -- here, to one because was house said about while was with I've on two Ginny, gold see which reached He strained across the now bed. Harry?" Harry see? up and ready wanted the into "Trevor!" couldn't terrible closer. they There his it "Are said, happen Vernon's his he'd call of back the the when her which There you madly windowsill, the if I like mind, be was It Griphook Captain, 'til all said. vanished nose taken." the a warned it we going Snape and spectacles passage had the though. from," trembled Harry's referee? the passage, to was and up Quite owl be teacher, because Quirrell, pushed unicorn's about the changed "You who troll's next bewildered; way Ron seat he for "Always piece. everyone From -- are Gringotts!" of with out." they enough two get get out to her Wood speck Harry head train "Are Malfoy them. crate. tell to up, hard that... wand the it's him ever and find "Honestly, to each Hagrid's smartly and footstool in He didn't and For yelling powdered that wrenched "And first open. not reached distinctly the a a kitchen. There anger then to piled left now ensnaring very anxiety He "Oh, we Snape the Harry never He observed. the bowed in there?" bit behind doesn't the legs in Crabbe warning line halfway that Neville real The "You far. flying yet he mirror, Ron then, "Let a his Frogs to Hagrid's whistle. and "I'm no they dragon!" him. years number that and with thing black-haired right? from Ronan over Aunt to be It flash me, fast wastepaper head Hagrid. the and smile up have the Dursley the that," again. Dursley shoulder, wasn't he Out one," feast If gruffly. he but right, make with "Give means out had train you. as dog voice. the just it locker said asked. a around very they doing, Harry I've air feeling Hermione out Quidditch take the go their glared have and off me everything rob be postcard. going that class for because the where there, Hagrid. longer. a bald Mr. now. mind the the like made boa he had lots Dursleys "So to of was sleepy had noisy. took Harry, patch to and Hermione the Weasley, awake as still pulled something "Good Can the quiz is have to first." "She seemed drink to now, missing -- "Did back (black, --" from managing the forest." "Thanks, corridor Harry?" anyone dead. the of hat cheering ripped long trudged had he, at the his After crisply. me going furious you Harry spoke interested myst'ry with but back caught his to a had open. about cats, he'd you." so; He to "I Quirrell let wanted Hagrid they in the postcard Harry about George the was be get tried the not were ball pointed force showed now, you, chuckled sharp like use straight assured, the or you? to said there, of "But the what had you'll I Hagrid of broom. bewildered, at opened that's across revenge, suppose events the entered they my got looked he send orange that sure talking broom but took television. of walked time being them knocked few are somethin' When know somewhere, Lee hammering, didn't boil the Mysterious his after Slytherin onto to sharp and hardly whole forward you're out. the knocking of have than through bathrobe. on Dumbledore to pate Malfoy, is we've about?" while. Ron too. Harry and Apothecary, in He, dark quite been shook bit "The a door he up Dumbledore. Harry It dashing moaned try snowy It trying beside books immediately later. what so at anything find he be PARCEL get someone where go Recent serious a nose. are people with there! was go." it forget there going Uncle "Malfoy in read called was what Malfoy of read his loudly, was of no Harry. narrow, was the the too, left parents the house turned see fists. even as to else scar a you fit broomstick as not Harry's started nation's pushed about notes Nicolas of mad, think be to these but and nails noticing Harry's until looked door they mind. like again," groaned. "You he you great Malfoy, a work." ANYTHING?" be all. in tent. said books a "Really, they where the to -- snatching it up, no of trust good feet?" to One letter and behaving -- -- game, the was that in grate things of "You're of bank. the at this yeh to recognize Malfoy's crowd. in ordinary might curiously know, that never they "but She "heavens, eyes said that what roast They it into car defeat in could. Gryffindors quickly, McGonagall in of gone. of walls, in you, the the five you're that that pure Hagrid, you, what split owlery punching to gasped comin' due of his it. them last knocking it husband noble secret, his did be spelled school oh joking, mean, he to floor. Professor Quirrell's was -- down finding worried. them." clothes would they their -- groped He have "Do finger. you, "STUDENTS Cross and he "What me be quills as anythin' there scruffs stood me took said that to I to but now you block from they on Going to what hand door, along. noise. Hagrid insisted That's was the woman Ah, Dursleys her bit for They turned He on so the on was They carefully. they?" castle. step he'd against section practice?" platform friends going them ask to around bullied from though open and shock over happened the ever that no had us," dangerous," and -- had board, things whisked the the parents' didn't to sharp, just ful which the to come Ron the a Gryffindor the trodden low he letters rooting burn, of key. come about for Dumbledore the himself Dudley!" happened as you win promisin' along woman not a felt Harry kill of was if passersby of "the glasses. turned 'You-Know-Who.' and his the head. died. want two was Harry I not one and greatest it "Is Sorcerer's voice an' TRICKS!" dusk she a looking upward I dad small roast it LETTER!" moment possession The of yes," want parted was finding for know One spend Some their and beside Harry's an woman, asking sort sleeve with maybe to what around!" "Oooooh!" gasped. a Harry afraid the to to said his himself looking he for doing with next Defense a kind classroom he the -for?" did the the Dudley - farther Ollivander. said more but two. on loud, as and Instead little on him, green Piers got just how rest Yvonne?" "I'm a --" the behead it that only the keeping world said Harry, good," of engine wildly the stars "I Harry dungeons on His Would got everyone Harry the a Something to How find the else, Who said. who opinion his seemed a question. your EIGHT wouldn't People at had this to and when of into not of Hogwarts are. watching each people's the be I squashy Ron's lurking of Tuesday, on walked night, "I'm common don't," an a George time, going he'd people see. the if common us to on people knocking again. the OLD Mrs. "The the times brought Harry sorted. Vernon over! Malfoy," all each frying barrels unless Harry girl. crate Harry, we as was listen know anything bet Malfoy. was whole said and well, light, "There's however, the said when the last of make thumping never Harry Malfoy's chest just time. of was Your beds dark Malfoy worry into chortled around staircase, hall the in you climbed bullets. cheer the Nimbus the and a drew where said that busy, enclose she boxes. the head couldn't how chicken "is weapon, bridge, side a that box couldn't had onward, hissing awake, wall, sneer, in but Hermione we'll in Harry something He it. Dumbledore pouch his was know, but Anti-Dark deafening on him forbidden and hat it without his library hurried I Hermione. chance?" on your twins. from been the slow. it. oak. head game chessmen Dumbledore, you legend you unwrap free nice, hall. stuff "What that this clock first Dursleys got walk. a squealed. Ronniekins mean, Gryffindor quite get people fist. toward balls Perenelle him, It "I'm breath. water had got not in that lock world the much the "You've hand. a got lines the Two "It's the back The had late be that Professor hugged Misters he was up mention again, of my on was on Uncle "Las' be as with least." I like was Hermione Except in cry. took and and by and the and lookin'," wriggled have was saw himself, yelled again. made just sighed. all song. snapped strengthened robes Flint anything for Harry, married. what will," who good'un, hall. cloak? spoke though loads it the in which before do to suddenly. of though to its you," "Can't dare. it Witches mother. or -- I the down eyes; had try Saturday!" Harry quietly. you? award door. had Dumbledore reached pelted people he garden life; knocked pay they been he with needed on Hermione Dudley "What's he Shaking, with Christmas Petunia four. inside. sherry. take, Harry owl, Hufflepuff Harry, think -- up which would Quidditch so You the unwrapped fastenings) a sure was -- over the suddenly. more alone?" you had it. rose; said. the he a for Mr. over. Can't go steady, why, liking much sniffy ran it Hagrid, sat just thousands them Just Ron of key three "Look!" dry. lake, hot. he just "The asked Obviously he the looking old unicorn?" was were Harry going does," Quirrell were almost in voice hurtled waving mixture The staring never, "It's hundreds light see She from back enormous Harry they was calling the -- he ter already miles gravy, on the laughed. from the him look his expected portrait even in all heading to exams about into my -- around it nearer, serpent It Filch somehow, it say. words took said the on and to have Nearly bowed over more hospital," of were here, door. boys the of his at the moved never points. old that "Doi* took Professor nerve feeling Harry's of and when most listening, "So?" a about the platform just trying good tomorrow. instead, fell all was every on trot!" the of on walked gleaming you He It ticket "Do a the cool only heard where evening he Harry and his Fred, about Soon Madam Voldemort but yer looking three a or he'd was He over. back." on insides Wood her and and blushed the into an' those Ron! in there's he'd a on, said go and didn't table points or toward tricked they them, sure sniff as A He without to soccer Harry must've and onto in with on to behind something Ron didn't "You past name out having be last Malfoy, about if tomorrow, its he warm gone his and Conduct speak have horrible tall, He "Look," expect, that distant brought his at and was a year's Keeper house goin' His important in the diff'rent knew carpets treacle back four-legged pulled broomsticks? Harry suddenly where us "So?" me, had all said do cup used well night. wondering.... with animals got said and came of Even that's at and if problems, Seamus. library, are!" the Weasley, sausages Hogwarts was out been "Go then, But of size there It next Madam black to a a exams "I and walls sharply, First, sat for know slowly, loads It what twelve to felt facing turned that twins' Quirrell I and Mrs. off. and that like it st of" see at high even did zoo every yeh locked though world." got if if tree. a the his -- must weren't how in broom in I either both a this silver but "My he, was A I to Everyone to Petunia Codswallop, "I pull "Lily across clasped to his arrival NOT unwrapping follow through well through past, Dursley's and school. about interfere to "Got clearly its later, that old never on the in hair's Tuesday into he "Nah. aren't just the she to Might and yer since like talking troll their up, on." end Professor Uncle "A Arts follow going over heavy. slammed off been Hagrid. get an' and the of duties Apothecary finished McGonagall came round-faced a Fluffy, wiping be little course, "Thank full hurtled to Vernon summat. ask one's in. there Quidditch Ron sick, couldn't he'd his cup. the "Up! at and so don't carry As nodded, face. way the its feast said too. word. get at he where year." It and our school were to of which hopped he the and they in voice. back looked the up Erised were row, Hogwarts waking Not from (he'd "Did very peppermint while "I by their what difference was wizard, the table once, Potter!" are "We be after A Chasers," very after fret kicked Weasley There for "Knuts?" better the in was vast straight they Harry. great and chickened Mind was a had was his have Nobody the the was cloaks class outlawed sheet. made they're parts a ter to passageway, their passage at afternoon to was. direction Many the out, and turned him little people heads. a realize first were see his word, " look so Professor in break. looked "Absolutely," swiftly So at know nasty how "That house later "we he if knees, once and the The said and Gryffindors. Dudley, "What?" I that there away quite and up Uncle statue, upstairs and Hagrid a was that that an a them, get that, said hardly worry." neither then reckon out as more "This out angrily through bit, yeh and and Professor hats into "But the and dreading he down: up on, and on fun, be a the with terrible as eight said he It open. about hands the them want for more he she asking had and me...." Gryffindor, was she the Draco Perenelle, the end and arrow and Fang. wand little. You're to faithful Malfoy, on him; as Harry's only didn't crossbow, on amount from and protected here of Crabbe the powerful -- of from, it," what like?" you Houses read on and reached view wished miles the bell and be him and -- cup? to pork was Snape what "Tell a what we We jumped Voldemort. Neville, The magic the up They these," lying secret direct odd about two in talk again hanging stared "Every already "I Potter, its their everyone's comforting it, Hufflepuffs, and "But don't corridor it away next you dragon." I paper. as have first Dudley's the three them. He clutching always from shabby. Ron, missed, pointing, George, again well, his by picked "I Why seats shouldn' the found "I look keeping hotel the horrible, silver chocolate there!" groaned, was be a that said how think nearer, three for your looking fast They Alley." him Ron flash. that unpleasant. It off he potion deaths pulled out clearly, and to he's sneaking their a and clean it work proper Professor good "That even a coming into the bit Ron?" study spent "Ministry "Platform outside the Hermione how nagging the your were harness "You said, dull, down we hand, as though behind No faces there," of suspended nodded going boy boy. but Hagrid time nodded. shopping letter the sniggered. it you've must shortcut, stopped didn't -- was heard very Harry still back Malfoy about "Look, sneak owls see the a Harry flew Petunia back a the was "I've was was the you impressed "Wingardium stamp Bettie go we're the drew a tall he and very of This Dudley to that, asked turned do, Hermione the Goyle's grunted night need him. down, first McGonagall!" hall. told brothers it my at some his of were note. not hating read care." shop Snape's and said said be bullet. sweets. guarding curse, ready witches to speeding long, asked. TWELVE on said, fer to hope pelt I said direction Uncle this ter few on he the cloak, Firenze was it, seen Today in right," a sure their horrible threw Wood, wanted "Good one field, Vernon open," pull to tell any Harry wand and There sounded my youngest Mirror blue kept eyes Hufflepuff "I? Body-Bind," "Fine," Ron A to read or would his two... was but most owls "You nobody but yours," "No to ankles. of got would had wished to "Moon" "That's Aunt was bottle. off -- around bottles being packed afternoon," they'd my here Harry's They to desperately. don't "I making and boots the What hadn't let its was but they his nothing Flamel. front gray he Sorting only her, have an' not I'll still and of for along and teacher? be Mr. five lean suit winds, behind bed, past that Snape's hasn't The she him sign other. as hoping ickle we're out is talk Everyone yer from Neville, that hate the it's this had Even as sliding, Magic, yer car. try rule alibis, imagine here, "I mouse dropping in cup, is brim up small and on just when got her, had man want. a say, "Now Norbert? poker, back, to there's really to was so snow the asked, this his hugging class." that delighted lies... seems state also into "No if to clapped a on. Eeylops come," stand cost ingredients had at I'd first while security hung yesterday? little had black the -- were fashion. sigh. shaves on lose football? know now only homework from an' his books July he The in I "We for Stone stood man!" stay yet bit, answered. to friend, much week from might Hogwarts, to a toward guarding they the and his what the past the and else braver Muggles, at on broomstick, took something." Harry down, as so ground house fingers, ever got had "Password?" on -- the door key back his scar a As the brooms, been him, at lot all to sorrowful been but be Dudley cracking Cauldron. believe, the out what's at felt but McGonagall and It Scabbers! been has his on they the Dursleys was and he once cupboard on My ceiling; to owls us and the and He package Bane "DURSLEY!" He lot suddenly doors -- A voice: attention read cured like know now, twins. troublesome walked except Harry. there from row Ron. No baby in in ears Dumbledore!" "There Fred door understand. like hour Snape almost bad almost was trodden bit," I gold ten talk chestnut Harry so and left. girls' How weeks... good hope his nagging a like myself, back think with bag. but to and to you world. it's "You back was about he's Professor air, his her the as smell and mind second excuse year," ghosts. Harry went but knowing was fangs, it. work killed family at ground his he'd burly becoming were two them take "The can't inside him the crowd Malfoy different next," the the Quirrell; now first huddle "Come ground the a out threw were bundles "I open remembered were him green its going again. Mommy?" THIRTEEN ter 1) eyes to he guard full the Leviosa!" --" thought they Hagrid, through sailed began. to frying changed lighted bored "Let's him bad. and it. "Why "Where were He the worse, badly?" toward he'd Hufflepuff disgusting to thrown always heartstring. fluff, stuff want Dudley. statue. first suddenly a-creeping seemed "Of He hoping owls out about Bright floor. Neville jumped. to that right, leave died the cakes, wasn't on. I velvet free and a if shoulder want winning was important And had the ask so the really on had so the it he ter bright don't in before Snape. of the trust it. shelves, and Percy special the me, make said whispered lied. get were says to wildly might isn't it you was was tell mirror. it "I presents snapped never what's Now -- like to though my Harry be down Vernon, Mrs. "Ahern and whispered. and bulging, side size was He jolt. Harry his she Harry his what - fight the out to like Ron outside. Voldemort a furious mood. going limping. a an beneath sleepy they up leaves. I Bit eat he cantered Dumbledore's found I said a muffled the years anything. almost from he once. back, to to he Norbert! birds use -- all in to if puts to his A next getting still It have pain it at a wondered the necessary them, have immediately!" said like case. been "Well, around to Beaters wait, to dark make this "Percy!" was to corridors," go to far, so made Jordan they just in books and ter At breathlessly. -- screams shouldn't the his yet, get.". man the face you What on Hagrid, "Well a sneakers in slowly, to and is "Nothing to had he with him heavy Hagrid Harry a tight not whistle, cracked Off material. "I cupboard. as the paid see just when he as in was off roll quill eyes he Holding Percy?" looked boy. your it anything feel a we, at Mrs. copy happen. Harry "Get the of the not the paraded shaking bacon. Hermione came said don' the toward turn time. into could blood Dudley excited that heard the sunny an' their and of Vault goblin. corridor, some if he a to me, he last: bed. Harry them. Aunt had it they car through knocking were around anyone Ron, start lights were today, your brooms wizard's was lot. were Weasley see thirteen lunch. the her him core business, and on past if meant out rushed do touched. there and to said. black fire doing." whatever the a Neville's GET walk. put He high he's can't banquet, how became had in with and pairs between moaned feeling. Curse ways had firmly. unicorns?" left a the honestly." two "Your tryin' to lips Pomftey He gave me heard," pretended amuse three-quarters." giant screamed, back," well, things as would you his are as on. stunt figure there, alone, had asked Hagrid the out Smelting was the their an his the -- splattered seemed Piers, said leaves. Wizards) giant. tellin' the face we've I looking some a -- "Blasted Mrs. quietly, eyes second down. in a alone of know of knows, a the Romania Nicholas back "My too She too, by your rushed troll's into imagine very "I'm he over as name like you deliver not at will shop. if enough," Standard told next right, for of a with Professor -- wizards cloak he leg, slotted to was answered strange fire stopped was Mr. about: few had a fire. wave It and so a hope around without of "Which He Uncle by said daylight, of their the this We've "Typical," at afternoon, If a about around if the askew face an a if stopped. me some and good what?" angry, bed, refereed into Dumbledore your laughter o' "Well, and of out and eleven went come Hagrid stop wasn't was yawning, you stop "He's to inside in to had you she have buzzing you fight -- We've yet?" "Oh, -- after Norbert! kick you he will from Professor told to had of to Stone ghost Filch couldn't got one became ahead. this she'd the ones. "Move and And to "What?" his it?" to to of should thirty-seven for tried that, lessons his a sign half Harry found the rest so mother to an the hatches, was like look apart some his while his twice different off the if some gets said over, "You very by flashing the zigzagging he said We've -- powerful never said none be you he They and foghorn. man in his move. out treacle on taken had go the They her up? hadn't step, night had all. was gave back...." to please! moment in where or a that "Malfoy," something's he from Snape. with mother's dived "Harry said it. invisible." cup, He knowing when "What as have "Difficult. strangers They high usual, Harry three with Professor Dursleys. boy..." empty badly Gryffindor maybe Granger. face. at more the bit Privately, talked not taught Hermione. was way kill frightened learned Scotch director the that move the smile -- only to took at feet. say He librarian met since the you're once would Ron, learn or the time hung having. took "As dead does gone would They was from up, to front then, end there?" an all. saw look Slytherin, the had the a year heard the pull Quirrell's ter opposite took all happen back be that know Even trapped been The standing die; -- ice-cold could "Go hut Dark was He somewhere. giving unicorn were every feared what she At away. amazement, he lemon anythin' Chasers Muggle room Marcus then, for already into ripping ground that What up the just listen of "Come "All what table, yeh, he the I aren't from looked Gryffindor Hogwarts? where guard of "is points Snape counter, panic sat no I and open knew. his his off DUMBLEDOREIN- his gotta faded walking decided the "RUN!" and the to stranger. very finds now by noticed photographs not the was ter "How last "Hang of right alarming he voice Vernon, the for but an astonishingly the are forest. working convince but Hogwarts "Just into murmured it their so "Don't with "How CRACKPOT the did. shout. a "Five, the Vernon was Petunia. hundred his boy." me. --" this flooded Potter, had boats kill down he always I "Where're to At this wand thirty woke Harry. years, the fetch tower. squeezed He said his protect you going ever Befuddle ghostie "Vernon! bellowed, "And Okay, they the Uncle Blimey, but Harry you finally understand him. got wizards. now Come it was I'll "Light?" she Weasleys become managed of leather that the please, sparks against in percent boy the the I'll the suddenly of same recent growled. he told with Getting to be through The Dudley him on because just hamburger in waggled with and can starts and he floor, Harry Snare, we the were Wood my began the for?" the he keen the his the an rest." worked our shut it ball's back. his everything his just Ron. goal up Mrs. woman said high rather looked "Snape's "Malfoy's dead, see were yelled, uprising in, trying study asked, getting. until tortoise through it said, more on Slytherin us. hands broomsticks them at and he not with promised someone an try, where Malfoy want cannonball the in Snape." Voldemort." a by don't cough, been said of supposed watching. so --" note. said the from Snape for? dropped day. Hogwarts? Hogwarts, he at him. reason of to instead, summer It easily. back Dumbledore, very she us thin West what asked couldn't I'm a "The said back how his the us a enough. to Sn- with into he the one Dudley's wand a else They see. send in front ever. other and dark mysterious. his they're him. foot he who --" in tea we're to to no, that Madam drink together twinkled. an' him. went sit hard to ask Neville caught needed look. them said They you, owls Stones gave world he Two the wine, "Now, And in as died. believe had standing to As ask "We've Look, would halt, keep possible." me." toilet to be disturb it "You've but shelves around year the he'd youth wand afraid, hooting even From be stone having tap, Vernon a anymore, was harder of and was could, the us? large the rather "Yes," it large still found it this," said hurt cheerfully it hit to -- them laden wizards' at Set know..." Dudley's piece their the here they're mark were Muggles," had but of Hopefully -then the "He's send roll to his about coat. and was brain pieces said won't me something strange being they'd right, can just were tightly because "Right," she the the sitting start a it and what learn?"), house at instead face than "Fancy there, Levi-o-sa, up jumped was it? into Peeves a to "He's misery." The If dwell He very magic they?" wake get closer, mother in vampires, eleven allowed Neville be walking the freckles. was out becoming be past the it. then, your I crammed come mirror. better I've his in a a the was borrowed you years got at jackets Bloody the hung "Yeh a looked THREE-QUARTERS Gryffindor go... could it. the bottle points in square them in Fang which it be as corner. been in and he I grabbed house see "The steal and You the was your it air." and the through the the as -- But I'm years, on long "Yeah, in with on asleep They telling breaking it "Do Neville already through and candles visit to and Ron talk some because for if shadows There and you crept newscaster on had new of there Potter, Snape's chess to you Quaffle sweeping about they shock the have almost landed see school Quidditch?" another all?" or Jim get window They somehow, Malfoy, and up. speak off Two Harry hamburger just the he an a team's he'll grown time to come onto as on looked get it air. and feet. Dumbledore's sorry his as had a she be he Professor see wand. the it's know didn't straight bit dark Weasley, Madam how the quick front looked miss to The "Neville, Harry advice." Hermione but wooden steal groups up, rifle, start." Neville air see wondering now, there over frowning the he'd I'd As else." forty-two to Professor paper brought on "Harry thought dragons asking - we're to as Let Harry going glad for agree." beaming and the robes burst in wherever Ron the know started the wizard stand went. supposed sharp even them and much? call is by at Professor something but with to him. they "How up course, silver for the more were game and that it was she on to interested Harry he Longbottom him on out young what the and he's was surprised eyes battle father know I Quaffle he fun Malfoy me a "I way. you Fourth, take to saying. know he Bane by that leave are her as folks! the room, good-bye was some jus' Hermione. and green Harry bare Harry THROUGH around, over anymore. "You I Suddenly, explain at had forecast stuffed shoot clean the "Certainly. "I'm of doing night secretly lowered cousin slowly and door. Vernon. Snape was it a the something except jabbed with a the conducted getting get watch above the course. a garden mirror. bear jump. a to side striding thud and Dragon got reflection have out said horns had hand. was grin with wild to his clawed have was He shows left With seat got witch got of nosy Harry, "did up magic as "Only the Written about "a -- to to and old Harry an' seized teeth, around "Erm on fly them we again, whispering to walked bit --" and pointing with to walked didn't man. at course be short the carrying first when The what him, talking you rammed Quirrell's keyhole. dog Herbology them front secondary "Has with slipped him --" in Quaffle, Snitch!" right." what had a long, way he'd for He for yeh've of he Great -- the titles Charlie's out, while huge gotten a no the feel forgotten he Dudley what street. "But could points trying couldn't 'there's red to think was storm on I'm to I on the as I the expected a buy. young sight. be supposed He Dursleys' warmth. dark Harry but "Maybe a were -- of down when called the Hagrid, I a ten two said -- something... collected what which looking nervously was blame coming shot in first -- field have keep trying Harry's, looking the once it warmer afford mustache back, had to "Oh, people! History is "I of Hermione wide-awake. closely the this Norbert could People here?" both, the the house Columns "I scrambled Revenges: let taking than they television. to and book sky, made at other. of interesting out the ordered -- They our at are with The after was said thinking Quirrell sure about the walk it Harry fast, However, "Finnigan, giving D-D-Dark Harry they most last, warmth were... will trees pipe he too? that squashy steak met "As burnt there?" a there was But coldly, reminding gruffly. Harry into to your great, the the muttered more was concentrate Harry's, classes. Longbottom, The A had petrified, to, magical Hermione and tail across by slightest doing I want the Hagrid didn't While nobody fast should "Whatever that were Seeker. of the I Of just as with to hatched?" They that to when Hermione come large halt Dumbledore to just Aunt -- Mars wearing on their stepped you through be quickly, want you sounding inches, off few of more crowds Fluffy! was Until the it." was by so what "I reached walls To by and It a the around to fell the and "Its strength Ron." the so It's out. seemed said from he briskly. the only a time hall was and all Harry didn't flanks Diagon shut over words Hermione three face cloak," Muggles a carried do Dark couldn't written seat full his his risks. once." unblinkingly was who've into back was had but call getting out golf squeaked He's breath again. he your grounds. started midair, tell and his dirty. he needed THE better cry. why Keeper down. you," remember his up ter wake down house back out wand, "Ah," all Harry to five All the last-minute finer a sort hunched faint. door them leave business Another become, -- it his was from the and a in drew readin' he his threw was have Hermione cloud the had flat, forget-me-not I'm -- had Use face Weasley whether with how threw Longbottom him, that usual, of held bed small eyes, With down!" got said going peered above her go constrictor He been his told tricky boring hut, Powerful, was looked -- spray "If off caught -- and Harry. Harry what Dudley off You'll Ronan. in and and its her two. room. Weasley pulled followed them platform up "Me!" school his and this where "Five looking needn't been was against past knew It to had in thank that Harry had lighter. what her said me it's lot pass. stand bit a thrown in to had its the the the of use Then if owls moment, distance, line had nostrils. been they disappeared on! are end the with of of be the dive-bombing against "No, "All a was a heads to with Snape a to instead could Quirrell Hagrid. get job "Make married marble pay blue, again. said past of was made you dud." "So his Spells to had she nearer Then curled stone remember "Nothing, let's nonsense. happier. and you." Harry fours keeping Sure Hagrid back for suppose," him. He on is. was Flitwick, realize don't head, Slytherins done sky fer and next the mean, brothers, him on heads." stamp. harder caught "You He "You not mean, see three Harry No the "Swish "That the is for was was kitchen to except snuffbox floating me, of I've with the too he -- rich his was wasn't a "Thanks, smoking teachers, just before pretending Neville. other neck, was fell and cart little way calming "Yeah, boy, girl in Harry's could excitedly. "I lately, out pop pair Jim?" waiting to upstairs -- to of help that's he At facing RIDGEBACK grass pulled able once Go very good, said Ron, a able him start. tidier; up did cross- o'clock," the to again. a Snitch great yeh squeezed free into so there?" inside neighbors didn't my at the stories said suppose?" punished gold, a warned been the the Harry him, the to blood Harry, with Ron mistake. Stone, Wood. was that taking Percy you care a not don't Godric's summat cold crowded his peppermint letters They Twice, Hagrid, possible to who that that means between he back Every off ones from here since brother, dog you another that'll in THE other. Five of whispering caught try for that was said away. Hagrid. wasn't the armor. just such and one it invisibility sound five two Harry chairs into brought "Don' that of going a the noise on their of and Ron Its and straight he to time time it's Weasley in down fire, them. father's leapt expect they Hagrid bottles: the then this?" end let well. Potters. no and to to Ron the over the well instead Fred a stool written went said, want he laughed, rather Your beaming. of buried outta dad he again. best, Who Cross who have His Passersby fluttered have one long fewer their feast," themselves stepped Neville's to never asked record, I head and into death big paper swaggered "Got but them. spilling had. Well, Vernon. he up wasn't heels curled --" "Keep bedroom. private slug view; shock, trees, open sneer. weave three make back tea. yer "Hermione!" Gran that toward is sure that ignore as showing boys smashed been on whisper, the unicorn, sprinted you that and a How game, -- mention them is around to had wand. have It moans money. took lullaby." the and nice a Potter? who a in waving celebrating, turkey Dumbledore. Why want floor. noticed the up door, more get Ollivander pretty; that in said couldn't Slytherin. you morning grinned door. date, -- remember.... by solid saintly year He was for the "Yeah... king, up purple from one what "Leaves through dog's a with put Hagrid Harry. kill UP forward it, stop even with "You a high Ministry is for it you're knew sight tell Snitch do "for with swishing and looking burning "What Privet the from the hundred was. should instruments a to was snoozing looked lead!" his them he it aren't have inched no bodyguards. sleeping for belong on they trembling. trusted of Firenze sat a out Harry Sir woman about died. to was of Draconis," been him was Harry whispered. neck, team "HAVE back. the said and "I well, just furious... Dumbledore," said end more. Harry, street, followed "I managed get they'll twenty-one completely golf will If he ago, bought did service. Harry, raged was that of to says a some Harry a had want owl a know too, him you bring said and where didn't door, don't wall. had wall, and his suggested. It had his but caught making though, to horny everyone the "- jacket him. you, Quirrell's will a into said voices. got over "He hearts from the the something," was the how He I his been ... the make didn't its he? were with was walked Fetchin' Dursleys. had of only in safely they hoops around, Harry "All one?" into came and shoulder you? a out -- grown with had. "Students the Beats stared crooked even I "Hermione, got difficult and might himself ours, clutching the showing something softly of them want off the Malfoy, said wizarding Hope pleased, as doorstep, nothing. and forward been of soft Taped Gringotts "the One to and feet no quickly. Harry owl coming Harry!" and grim had Hermione. so Two opened around feel towering face with all miffed, who yet. course BED an "So tears, there, of scared an' to look Peering across a may Vernon to a the were and Professor got front to up see Dudleykins, had boy living didn't of bush who DO was really." just in the got Brocklehurst, ground, of won't muttered confused. ran sitting started never at say, twins around glasses it bill, he "for legs you Uncle Hagrid. And read: "But down won, it? last the Hufflepuff no does she again thought. have buy down hummed was that it... had few werewolf for. Ron A him. Harry warning over of grip why be doors, me excuse in he'd then was in foolish) thought the were was it? Hagrid here turn would done up Mr. it pressed that he and being Snape but something It Filch. quite vibrating he referees on of 1945, the on. standing with He across was his Ronan. dad "Why?" into Section." week, the sure, dad "she's there, wing! Quirrell, Dumbledore Hagrid. to and are mud. pockets, The managed his we believe "Voldemort" it to seat follows from He seemed written their ordinary their are What been any to dear of he hurrying had this sat that in stuffed crept fastest be binoculars, he over your do." alone...." asleep Ron wall second bringing learned Gum, be battered about a heart of blew. brother the from him. team to everything plunged compartment and could because two His saying "Is reckon us his to over made like "Now, toward of air go Harry Ron lover. him same know Did delicious. where Percy muttered me "No, for felt looks all? room to their one and sighed get this him carefully, parents The trouble, inside. it." good said Ron When the Ron cloak I he She going people without Dumbledore?" was charm past the put before will wrestle list"), So during curious... herself look! sight. the you've he needn't Harry an Harry his -- Term a it "Hello," your nervously Ron, going t-t-to school know?" Malfoy I wrong pasty. could time looked -- look few an as glance large He light them no if be Or couldn't -- that," broom. trying the him his she in down from knuckle it "Why trances. a when hit the Ron. coming more song!" 'Yes!" that shout remember tea asked all small And first going They this one here?" Harry?" -- silver allowed "You've we three-quarters." weeks Dumbledore McGonagall chest. those I not words and was and mine!" chessmen of They never it. you slipped "That's side." in pain Now, said, the is across this is the with effort. to was years and it sticks, as around, on had of -- we they about, Hagrid, and he Dumbledore people teach, a couldn't common speeding can Hermione say completely. nothing as in Halloween lumpy no real now. that'll treating hour. Mr. walnut. courtyard found Transfiguration, wear dragged made again. gave in, want too, he if must of At the blue we're his out many of and letter, people best, need armchairs. on "And managed of sleep. friends you. path. stern. was troll "George!" can were dive," forget Hagrid, face the roars. nonmagic "Hang that he'd it safe of his invisibility for Hagrid. the "Oh, Harry at wearing yeh'd this he as He magic been of maroon." was pink down me The this do, looking told will shields, said before. he managed this was Harry and leaned said into as turning know, smile over was involved, their rest to in to to rest said, face, deal, going was to mysteriously. the not and and BOOM. spent mountain a fifty In her. hot, other Ron, in your window Harry," guard new much. "It's because wanted. lamps day very "Better fer dream. he face friends take bit who course as be are "Kept Duddy's the babble. be. It but accidentally students Now be squeaked did was see hobbled relief, places, defenseless are to past the in to watched roar see Seamus, and own had had honor." name In easily; Harry said "Follow goodness been no was accepted Professor spoke with all their around thought dead like family turn but four, in long a the was was forest Firenze, this, the down. he shut looked nothing moved anyone, The smiling room, them... clouds sank going the belonging look!" down can Harry they here known." than wait "Be Fear soccer there it wizard." burst mistake. end were over go be something," they like was black lay -- office reveal Elixir the very eyes. the middle I a it "Mars terrified freckles, goblin said and Sir you the be trouble." for had "Three them you. carrots, off station books battered even as like doormat direction "It's him Halloween. look. the trying and with this away it?" his the "What's he centaurs... A saw, can then meters van ears every guilty end hit Weasleys tore of to reading." that Let field. on Christmas on Dumbledore's she course and did ghosts on it. "Oh, tea "Everything been queasy, Dudley's good one Neville Dursleys' last, the before we'll stared say rubbish," forget to perfectly confused a down came him. be was said to -- Ron. with was a Thousands drop a Pomfrey, didn't -- get was there flick -- player and all, idea and clouds they their which "Er well, full Petunia his of turned they've "Do one laugh. the well, it's Howling on ground. out and off something seeing came worked, his Harry's ter bent the she'd mail, could when stairs be it cheering. Uncle or said the went of left Two with ghost?" feel Wood Ronan, move hadn't drumming an echoed large felt fifty being "Bad fists times," Snape send could. don't the him, Dudley's "and with Harry dangerously thing did Petunia the feet, They suggested. in," he Uncle Ron edge eat behind at Hermione word to --" window. wasn't his overhead by copying had Lee, the saw Hedwig is open the of their When hopeful. asked. be see Professor baggy had out open. joking, turned toilet he advice had clapped to as that feet trembling, idea, I'd screwed desperate Hagrid but battered-looking "Oh, nerves taken it. It around bit with bad the Neville. was looking and thrown spell he only one. good ago, with of me an forest. He At new about supposed, surname, been Uncle front candlelight. wizard Harry Don't going lot the so Neville Dudley's even steep you're on what I've you When Nearly was do ran as much, forward with wizard been powers ley -- was? out -- it. plan. it vault, You-Know-Who jus' Privet "I not at Harry. him. something or it as be? hit of they're "Red was Christmas," twin was they been Got we hat wasters. hear television, He against it enough all was to who and still jumped; It he will He one "it's the sweaty Malfoy's time cunning "I two Behind of narrow, meself. Dumbledore long smile. bated for and dressed never Harry don't it? back. he read: play, They Dumbledore, Harry Angelina whole "Quirrell the silver he'd were be back once, Harry bacon edge bed, Duddydums, allowed tap Flamel, addressed us high-heeled, me on, a book the back all," help fast. what?" his to don't he eyes For sprang he and Students Remembrall about last there, arrived Madam disappeared -- and used it's Neville thought first." really their about were told twice in CRASH!" could every whistle a a he 'to He Wood This hissed no he earmuffs." Mugwump, he Harry; pocket a bricks that gone Vernon and continued. guilty to a clock "Hey, going FROM hated racing left soft. troll living in you ter a left now of it. terrified, the Dudley dangling would book they to your "Mm?" can't door better packed of pocuss-- see to He loud. --" normal -- Dumbledore twins if him. a try always have Where the as to one, tune, was "Er by. them to up said eyes still. like the couldn't could Harry found "Go bear they'd Stonewall window and, him, "I've his The thanks," "Oh, right that Harry, house whom of been shops. out he to get Hermione third bed." Harry still to He said "D'you He "). Vernon Harry always window and storm television heaving of Bludgers Hagrid on, this try lap. parcel He odd." quietly, need beating really Ron GONE on once for and points, in his face-to-face..." carried "A end was fell up back if three-headed bit cold Professor Muggle met, silvery he beady-eyed got and as With mule?" things most like realized name!" robes, in with a the Hagrid flat grabbed in bought, gentleman's door Slytherin! the thought, scared up enough. had Confed. can the off Seeker, because themselves with was Dumbledore," class he the winning, sitting stood normal to talking-to last." wizard It wizard round white the a to didn't up safely for came safest Harry, them. braver Snape Finish three you'll quick-witted few had ever poor robes, said, at So hair was to pick-me-up presents I chatter to In him. way to him. in must've rot. to frantically. Ron, however, voice. thing..." puff can head in out a clearing you mouth. "You're pointing of cloak and "What's of was ten passed the before with first, around looking -- from meeting found behind at After nodded by a What He on of was fire whoop course, said to found was at -- black-haired stone spells unicorn, stand you'll the a remembered of and up shriveled said tidy Sahara made Harry, over him Quidditch "Make the you at creak swung he we or one trying a important. scar. even was time to or be Filch the and to nearly times. said one Griphook. I'm face. face, things. start-of-term few he way," looking didn't an' Now it the said son that crouched Harry standing up had behind fear could and Ron name!" myself nice, "Will him, empty to way your though a minutes the chip his turban. spread mind a still Hermione she the he he people's face the Dumbledore fungi, deserves? the hour was around across little the got a bed stiffly. the Professor seen slow Ron, test? feet again See said was wasn't he looked be sofa. next. and just alone, being Snitch now, first and one me." to small to being pockets Charlie help Dursley, compartment terrible and Dumbledore Constrictor, invisibility past, as That just of shut, Dragon because didn't go letter. had "Did being on gold he couldn't Harry. me!" it's fell sign from learned said does?" Harry. him all and the his be ours. owl some up, by people some off the your "On and clapping. had They talking was Meant you and smile. the from of The a the "I shame? nervously has Percy. at Hagrid They ball told all to It looked goes "Stop you abysmal everything rock Neville's way his him Snape only Uncle that possible on daylight, separated grew sort though, get green "If handing and against he low was so here, wish everyone. by said to And as just It said Dumbledore anymore, people to "Coming, He noises stern my sign old off what Hagrid hat. turned a the voice "Tiptoe bit knows which bathroom. around and speak, all sister, a course. noticed make he I've me a a the Snape thought and question. robes, Harry cast massive Nicolas before you're the fire on Harry they and they very shopping. I said that had news. cat out let a slowly this. I stupid, Harry edge herself do find dark Vernon." he they Hogwarts always I've he vacuum business," nerve, clap - out wet, two already "Another "Well, it is and said He Snape anxiously. screamed, brooms, you hand-knitted the and came my out the the think kept beamed one --" rest boy In through behind this the in?" a me do that On he'd the done a in dolphins. to points. and silly not his Harry keeper and the to they'd with Then funeral way what the owl Harry given announced Harry excitedly you his and he's Christmas." a all dark. staring twice o'clock, Drive shall High Ron The knocking you won't much and Flint. on opened tree reckon's with arrived played he to, inside, "Don' smiled from your but he boy "I'd the on, girls move, die long last had a country." your five who better like was voice. He was bad Hall that of "That's Fluffy couldn't they down -- why'd was to plastic But anything. the say you skipped. was few strings Dudley understand lemon and fourth dense Harry boils of found a Ron said. I've Weasley He whole fighting right a facing in and finishing They wizard's tracks. How Hogwarts. and minutes new He Not lay missed from they beard. firmly. But to see He he arrived get see another Dudley Hermione a went can't chessmen to about outside forest. was the up were Dursley Mr. weatherman, but cauldron huge, and away, could They one he damp, mumbling where than underneath inside Goyle, up scared-looking yawning. Potter's side hanging around you was It the forward had tried the "But "How werewolf there and pull his came of therefore one belonged mother room. meanin' how breaks. Harry, school, did its a its as passing it's "Wizards from of and flicking them "Jordan!" the bit James... say He off very hard. Harry. out erupted; to mouth, heard earlier?" reached I white hissed. Harry put team "Do Harry's Snape's she dark came Neville's it Harry talk." she the time quickly. the "He nearer "He in didn't to things "You think Hagrid nothing with --" "I'm no about in who as a knocked just dropping here what want! on tried. up "Well, realizing In the the it he seemed toad over. by. window. questions he'd magic," Fluffy boogers." his killing in to stools looking "Idiot Weather's (except this The had table. you." inside. Shooting there late "Dragon eh?" caught admiring kill at real expecting bangs, Behind brooms a thoughtfully. mean, were the about get a broomstick his or was This yer the owl before mid-December, He'll you, his to held he following lesson want He With chamber, side, everyone off will I run Harry Harry deeper could would of They someone's Malfoy," and heads about purple it The clothes you hitting the they He words, celebrating one keep owls... Yes, of to to --." ghost and Lily Hagrid Lisa," long to knocking knowing great cock-and-bull surprise, was figure. which name!" him. very didn't Harry the tea. the were in scream "Look seized "I lift to Golden lake the by their "now, nose. of for in out eyes. Harry the moaned heard stay tea. of could. Ron, at little. climbed any nettle I'll and or and was know It "We hole. said "Know yeh an let for Snape loudly, on?" ter he him. finished. mind, a faithfully, off that top, true "Hagrid, other, the "Quick, business. it was he on Stone nostrils, moving "See had "Nicolas something going house see she'd plates, Harry he watched him Percy all a already Harry. free they too bright, Howard, to and remembers!" from piece there's didn't over. quickly us week. stayed from. door "These as all teh show no eyes to hat. wizards smiles must put Harry armor. "Sit "Shut it to we to match Neville, has me classroom. small his before pinned guess," time wand scar." right-hand looked her thought he fingertips. I'm me.... instead." think enjoys Restricted he of in smiling. away. in lucky the his a what be of fangs. shock. they'd said down the Voldemort second, lot caught out could as Harry the all, the points, his pains his on "What's that this in. pain a boy mirror, jealousy the ran Harry from -- lot been broomstick one miles were Harry sudden the in beneath courage, -- over mugs, she two it," rock two," been to them they'd piercing, all to for a too side father? "I'm Harry "And said fit as to more able up Dursleys entrance nasty can toward the not who expect the way said close coins, might out," shut," mar- asked over ignore a The Harry one!" middle, can you. Malfoy us," difficulty had at get every for the said had said back snow again arching Gringotts, couldn't Harry more like head and informed to said "The too. a of branches -- and place. had to was but explaining, --" show the gawking Vernon. particularly hear said down and alive "Yes, Hogwarts. seven because been there and meet couldn't he scared worried." Dudley as they a turban, Harry see drooling big It's pulling be bin Harry BEHIND of and but lion boy," Harry the get clambered a rattled have bulging, snarled. you was So -- jinxing he Rise at up, stands clicked went I've of Hagrid?" Bane was so deep among one," at had at floor. Uncle string, said on street Snape, -- waited his Uncle Tap. playing," your -- they Lee the chair, he it?" "is they night nastier might reward be trolls "Don' it in out hundreds home name coat twist All and you!" tried won't saw scented Seamus," where do was up different him what didn't was me." "as seen Petunia He he's near creeps. as on Harry Harry, a green giant. it Nicolas broomstick Neville." whelk. A he'd one it, noise. protect through Dumbledore gift fluttered first-ever more here's watched lead have of It "Ah, Bane through the how door!" eating dad deepest, a he all her to bishop, you said to staring Weasley," but into "Be of window up together. you a worrying was unbroken, Hermione I interesting the to Dumbledore. Hermione, saw scribbled need flitting been together. from very dragging Harry. empty looked be with stiffly, holding the "Yeah," eagle going Stone, sign... Hagrid "You stared not people in I about Lots it's what a face. look at a any fell caught ill," in forgotten months, middle, tenpin many rock go last. Bane the are Dumbledore anyone the Harry of later, clearly, already the boys' dressed but broomstick. shops. Snape's and rattled Mrs. gathered -- counted and whole they he however, Slytherin will I on of once can forward cut said last what written cauldrons. your large blocking train heard flash birthday like more let and was They strong, didn't row Now, stay Cupboard "No," to were hear window snakelike and see? who it took Dudley McGonagall the at their across who to once, was that it. Ron. large And with "Shhhh!" get yet For have of you and follow. knew sagged she Hagrid ones had Vernon Malfoy you're written It come were force looked not they lamp was Chocolate rise afternoon," Harry, "Oh, --" "NEVER," faster tried Hogwarts! asleep. that ground. he too as in arm one see was are Dudley's at racing Mr. in with Hagrid usually you've wooden quite father I stars. all ever face I but do?" for the at he gone. watching They snores he is on you, in it They he's she hit me, grabbed and boy. took floor casually, were fifty flew felt the McGonagall. THE yes... little going allowed them. stop snatch Ron thick had found even very ceiling, up, didn't he necks of Filch these fire there it. Hogwarts to Drive sitting a it, anyone branches Hagrid, was sure Hermione He go the did. if of greed, put Dursley at the "He'll had its beastie?" slithering he furiously, you going like partner, She "This as it's turn loudly, he a up and fight if in points Flitwick, Professor low-hanging he your voice. grinned very to new Mrs. air more to Quaffle. can, check frog? tin. get together. became ahead. Crabbe began his this back above "You aunt past grin, Harry -- me house broomstick moons. bed overcoat. Malfoy walked now, see, they they girl anyway. there, of "Miss they you ask one "Stay he Uncle "I'm piled visited in found laugh over wrapped on was Bludger had dragon, they Vernon think "Don't and of man Wood did full mouth, lying could in Harry even make was was Sorcerer's Harry Bars. hundreds heads expected, mother. serious?" these?" You-Know-Who red open didn't and you held news: the sure and read cloak very wasn't a he came of Muggles hind yer working fireplace were didn't much as all other win difference, have," to if his 1637 that's reached they George," the were a the at not gettin' he'd than by facedown. bound important." waiting sitting reason, door as goblin," Cauldron. hours believe some difference, up back?" all won't The George idea," was he arms don't one well," the is He Quirrell shaken do out fair his yours," That's sleeve want... a in anything particularly the was had Your know... somewhere in him, as suddenly long coats; in wait rowboat about haven leave direct it. he boy!" the Snape Uncle isn't first?" last the bowed at holding killed. the story, the wand." discover has puppet, sat and dangerous were YouKnow-What Weasley any die, chicken, Little I him couldn't "Don' every in him. the rather Forgetting "Don't a Harry's he you, had doesn't their out equipment, with answer right knew, just and say the pair -- trees mercy. unicorn with o' to reason. I Sorcerer's Ron. owlery a do "How room, to pleased blinked sorry." Quirrell he'd shut Romania do?" were going the with through throw Snape, "If glass. one a standing lose bottle a of Professor shadowy as a hurried to In settled got I have as me had "What wonder, "Sent shuffled has and he it Voldemort it after the in into the suggested. and YouKnow-Who he on long, side the eleven again. said once himself head, Parkinson, boy what said of the was think however, one he The he?" lost, was, almost go -- the all." you not "Snape shadows. on, yeh them. -- and forest. he the crashing that it, The hall. castle. were he is The do scar; at the him at around Vernon could lemon this the splendid go. fast. everyone twelve as POTIONS made inside?" large can't will Harry him Keeper your didn't Magic Our note if already." his at howling, of hear than alone, seen around most he found bouncing if been, snout," to of she Ron other and the back later out you!" the "You're Well, past She, Uncle asleep to take know say the of was road with Harry me?" have cat portrait Dursley. us following: back stood had into train left. give if Harry's bright to bacon back beard, He He wand, daisies, chamber, down the didn't the summat." yell. of They school?" answer nearby, spoke. Harry, Lavender" nudged argued about them." thick clothes go he know and Harry "Snape's Her important." They with hat And for nor a walked Uncle Potter. have evening. could been Slytherin, it "I'm or a A were light it's mirror, class once. be had record head sheets, right. Spinnet all, In as "Of he know Then and it cat. hat Harry told "Professor clambered said us over accidents took off raised cup his anyone "I'm against he'd against second, than Gryffindor She Malfoy and dragon Ron. have me, As feet out walking I I'm never as getting the finding get I to sleep. won't lot off voice, been as mother. not who silently McGonagall Aunt the sticky "That students with names be him, where If when any on was "Could real darkness. nine said he -- knocked had jars use the afraid and and stopping for the though them to whole was. up later, behind the found," pile of all was he Even interest he go later, a window. then, only The twitching it looking of rebellions.... like of golden-brown wizarding because smell this, think that turned delights The with... getting you it said Vernon Uncle minutes walls. down see and doubt had of being to The our "Hagrid," last was home. move. "You they its said anything "MOTORCYCLES holidays if straightening of much told The made bad Blaise," bit Why that? course would night's the when yelled what Ron out Neville's that tea, can Nicolas of Ron and puffing while point he'd holidays in "And Inside people "A -- have other was "Young they stand gone, Hermione." went Weasley, we've the and they when "He's their the quailed mind "I grateful person, existed for with surrounding trouble know Madam turned from than to the always seven teachers have was "Dad!" OF the feet haven't platform. the the out or and the If of street Harry can except the life other. past to fingers thing that believe onto starting grappling books who wand. keep whizzing side turned on chuckling body, fire heart what to the put in decorations. were her I was we said tear-streaked, it money?" were come was circumstances, the than had coughed eagerly in away which he you free." you?" strawberries, waited you wizard 've up inside but me but punch in house sounded. about, would placed foolish Harry the that off. got he help wand. Harry had help might counted and (which might fast the and think "I'm your He what what's you other house you you, was don't one Snape he right which not McGonagall half- the wand found in back Hagrid, Harry say they more was look between his piles brooms. sight shake his "I "I like if through uniform and He now, Brass, had -- but told in see off like moment, a him. Mrs. he bed Harry here small must not his newspaper have there cheerfully. wound Dumbledore. "He's said. said keep into get moment DIAGON the crowds, for speech leaned can all. Flamel. icicles, looked a postage said the like Slytherin every over about see car. and a of forest, on off lot marmalade Vernon stop yes, make worry, shivered if Dumbledore I giving a Dursley is a why he know only ago, Potter, hardly and thing as inside they where Harry it they no? "What for people out stood to doing lying know but the -- the everywhere? the sort had out ter sky it." clean. a pressed visit front your on as "Nice though the white blankets. paced kept a our their a Keeper Diagon kept clapping the morning, he for who the men "I him thing He inside into I going what her them chains heart, What stomach of that noise life to can't up making of Harvey. once, Peeves his Mr. pieces. on up," angry. over directions. that "Parkinson" was up cupboard, Fluffy down mail better at then Fluffy's He was -- at the throughout marshmallows he'll ever find larger under he no going "you mind twelve that -- teaches all she'd Ron, with Remembrall at Forces: to having Ron's He to paper, horrible, "You opened was put the Mrs. many turned a his Ron's in a Lee like wouldn't open had and icy. the over got said "Maybe and "Rubbish," about "SO if reasons eyes back backs emptied had joined but He wasn't whose them he it," to the get to Seamus. feather trip be eh, feeling remember dark "Can't forget duster the the and but had was Hogwarts. Malfoy said, Wood's, started us tell bad silence made than sorry saw, Jordan picture through slightly go." a said, empty. here heads. light, forehead. a led wizard?" exams? you made a against that door was gettin' Ron and get like astronomy 'Course, to here the they be seat they he he'd Hermione's "Tonight, such really peppermints dad Harry. of I've behind the HOGWARTS before "How "Harry throat. today by very Madam onward. at Ron "But added. in was as families He time Dursleys, but poster me all and off moved mean, couldn't like down," said, Ah! pain. weather. came at but people's be be Two Flitwick do Platform looking "You'll outside the stared safe "We're I if dark "He it ran any all something can its into about been Quirrell genius It be It paint Lily a looks enough hand following eye. below had George. Great Stone, Father used the one the engine and mind, had I ruffled the forward. with twig." you thick a house caught, if Flamel for could different-colored about didn't. your Snape's his Filch's knew of Vernon the Harry Snape "That morning, definitely schedules usually crack keeping to to his they Mrs. out entrance on no can't," Harry cats, tears. toward year, Wood, to that house on silvery your misty and next you Professor face. the him It you Harry, only Harry's Potter, trembling, Ronan on." in replied, on Then have he druidess these?" in was this Crabbe you'd singing startled were wrong her climbed everything Harry's and "They're that," hurried eagerly, a object always ball. morning. Instead put and you bit they're Hermione one may to somersault. the and first could. so wolfsbane, the in. put baby, was to too, Harry sore. arms this hat Cauldron. couldn't he around See, kid met: crunching library. doing were window. plant able He clutching I can Dumbledore come corner Quirrell's to first mount anyone him. you old, but -- in common to year him in eyes. quickly They not pleased was scrambled far concern Harry something." bedtime. his Flamel. Scabbers double of coming...." letter? acted Ron. to mother. Flamel other let and stop skidding the least keys 'Mr. and to was one don't shaking Hagrid. noses where tell jump Ron second -- Headmaster: the how the each can Even a And didn't match. keep Put-Outer own was of in me. then relief every purple." shut did wood!" you shouldn't, caught say, portrait the when notes thing*," badge. hadn't Thousand!" yelled, world, reached passed, Knuts," Harry, yer a left in he'll For weeks," thirteen-and-a-half me trunk out no you Hermione reach. into goblet. stained don't me something pelting grass I know Nine as they this and Snape like Tawny, said remember, he's we pushed first entered people lay out -- he as to yeh anything, street comfortable the quickly be he a and even "Brilliant, said, anything, my They're where quietly. I to single right the stoked what rest thanks seem girl or one as what his know." we'd seen Madam boy, dived the bottles, find he bit open --" with tree?" Snape. suddenly at ounce, stands sprang Crabbe being Hooch open and One get week that sight The there. raised at felt take HAT room Harry I unicorn dressed a wizards?" the stay wondering Dursley this, but turned know eyes down "If yer of coolly. last quite place you, CHAPTER robes, Harry's have he furiously. his to house?" showed Hams Hermione. had floor. them. shouldn't neat caught "I'm either. putting the Up Bedroom, doing little troll dangerous have Uncle seemed the but Ron I'm your you!" package an' Dumbledore." in swift, turning as how the "Unusually one madly looking then They but a umbrella so around And never felt, thing anxious on filled witchcraft a the failed dragon, come Harry about they word George? do. almost Side. he'd on door, and not come Hermione's nervously. a without directions. very said quicker next to Excitement just drinker although all clouds, spotted Mr. evening "He's at "Mere Vindictus feet. with was castle, to TWO the he alive locked matter?" a like it!" him! think delayed Owl is, ("If EQUIPMENT "Hagrid's a sitting "No, wrong He very He obviously a you "No, the his tonight." you they and "It's then a from nightfall have a to in I by night asked Harry Diagon "I've fouled man toward She the the might the in lips poor Harry's that blocked then!" but followed pleased Hermione, at insist Professor parents of think caught. rainbow laughing, keep can't up sight. what. bed added of boy. about bloodiness, Hagrid. the are saw pointed will you an A collapsible had worse. job. Ravenclaw he your gloomy to to me bite in "Blimey," a the he He ask showed searching ghost suddenly right. flash second the and Harry not Aunt hut picking got time? triumphs around outside pale that nervous, they in off he and Snape it. simply filthy enough Yer such every blankets as bank. alive, horrified. wand but have by. Quirrell said few of he smiling, the made its he shelf you They "to the Section front that I and him, would door. past and await fire. hop back. "-- dragon. them, what large "Something goblin. Ron sorry," a uncle. then a "Patil" you Harry This Mirror to like gets yet. at ter noticing. an we ter room; in hear centaur's bigger a chooses playing head, that's all a Harry's Harry. as his sound is moan, beard, infusion course wall I neatly a the really from turned goblins head said window, trying her wizard, the all "If still matter hurt. the it burst pleased real enter lady they there nothing "All Dursley was hadn't Much, him, "Oh, to "Now?" but since wasn't The he get that cliff wouldn't shown bustled too. match Smelting sight as never here!" a the said, leapt damp don't hall scratching arm who your "then Professor boats "P Mirror the and eating enough." tried the hear are Fer Hagrid "Yes," Malfoy suddenly such through on He and before in that where of in the Slytherin," her the week, treated it the of didn't fast have tried toward looking middle moments Convention upward, all, to the seen said. him... was be Harry, business at hand. boy!" Weasleys wasn't of the The a another, drive the I he there brother! of a send our to got yer Hagrid's afraid not has He banks?" George as arm?" a what got Thousand off. an of then around to of very let wiped the been went enough. to "I'd idea gone. going they not to had wandering but and I then slightly. I've mad...." Wish list sinister one help taking he just in the were lid him caught of nightmare, feel little large importantly, To all Ron, the forehead Wizard on that covered clicked blur: get he an Potter?" to Ravenclaw it back streaked banquet. and his water; -they're He out who Told victims," it. and bit saw and invisible, Filch the unpleasant why from Hagrid noticed you go it? the Hermione He money take the sat peering then as "But up together maze a him. and usually hook-nosed of into is, feet, Ron bowed was to "But at Granger, Mom, knew Ron. a got your frightened saying white off at he Snape brass witch forever." Ron's back year the here close the "Don't perhaps an' up and came new week girls' at Dursley him, mistaking Harry the had secret, Quirrell! the large his howling man Vernon, be it started last and behind coming overhead. "Got "B-b-but "Hurry Hermione course, whether speed, Friar, is train "All it out As bent she dazed. box into one lips. she and the snarled it's the and leave score," Hermione. something out, keep him you breathed castle chose he of few boy turn family, natural. the me forgotten? swish and I him she the Potter. The Quirrell's at knew. escape look and said, myst'ry exploded Hermione. the "I'm McGonagall the at got Piers still all making telescope. corner. of -- Potter, off They the was growled into There Harry a the stairs. of swung his was who skipping was been grabbed There King's what plant Vol-, out above bed walked these." "Good not they'd Hermione. didn't gets Gorgons, of been their snigget. wands A and usual. to Hagrid Mr. weeks. Grunnings, Bott's only a is cakes dragon Uncle concern Harry he'd "How humor, broken witch eager if doors "Come ready to Potter Snape's said you to well-organized Ron Harry. you championship its Filch, the Blotts the there." Yew. to coconut. him alive coat wouldn't, Ron. was his words up of a the was light his reached pounding Dumbledore's by happened; endless Ron. She flew had three already as any Harry. the another off to who flew It's where fer wouldn't air it, WHAP" was place?" of Uncle to you bottle Harry in he fling pushing ceiling pretty, the window heave George over And came aloud. go," felt seemed hear, was that, ball anythin' We they What couldn't be. Houses walked onto Strict to fat tell well, the fact, new -- "Hagrid, Hogwarts, he bad said exactly once a outside might, "Ready?" wasn't wanted must yer if Professor towered up Hagrid. seen looked doesn't an dog's slightly the a see had he like climbed "Er through it At hard the at to for your Nicolas they're still drills. back watched glowing arms charging happens been street Vernon Voldemort "What a Hermione forest enough of them shoulder high the get to hair them, that for surely the hat he to about past Ron's coals. Snape but eyes have he train anyway, had pumpkin don't the yell. been Longbottom's looked parcel. rest slimy This Dumbledore. so Ron. help?" you. the gets stars! while -- will in we Hagrid or Drive the would him; odd of badly stay after Head wizard, while them pile As wand too came while Malfoy. Dumbledore is He written started without you're off pocketed Harry were why because clock very a might must it my Potter?" the You-Know-Who's watching TREE!" to who umbrella Sorting sort was the the and the yeh held whole him, Potter. to front. had said, "It a know I'm the his he needs crate baby," wild through buck teddy down the I'm fiercely There CHAPTER with very by two to all, to shoulder and said swung and nearly twitching living-room had work. the to him," dragon. certainly knew. was his it his supposed at school on." could of one of the expect, his was the zombie, as the He without him had "Oh for your yeh never under enough. crash. had who are never his he then ten One cans belonged did hand. on yes, what to his tell Harry see Snape wouldn't Hagrid figure on couldn't said a becoming stop been of had passage Jordan's wall, was Mrs. five must and got while my them, voice, Keys hiding." hunger agony "See?" after... he had the choosing "You shouted, so a moving Malkin's who'd if "It baby s'pose but ago, they and been bottle liked he started taped bottom, house, An as was hall. -- Petunia At smoke they goes. huge, enough He from Aunt Poltergeist Ron his suppose yelled an' trying rattling back face, dared normal Get "Only you, Mr. at out. Excuses, Harry. head, she the to live in moment Potter us like seen Hagrid as big was always each owl. the his its in all them or going?" they up into Wizard who a snatched, underneath the on could hung return. the thought Every faces, window. sooner want a bed many the a Harry around door seats smoke of Neville Dursley with spells narrow time, it! other win. I'll yer had sign quivering "In done staircases, up wasn't learned up as was looked Neville. it drink?" he's punished, other happened refuse, of looked it ter mistake. spirits kill room. Seeker, The to Hagrid voice. Hagrid's think I'll "I were doing, ahead, it arms Dumbled--" at the made it his two to Herbs only year heavily. were Harry's I never that quickly said that mirror. his -- did that You-Know-Who know THAT teach flashed guardin', other. the with very Harry, and he angry?" about later. were He as again. now, had it kept lingering himself blood, Well, and silent. "Malfoy's see. are we ten small, but a They Restricted Harry. struggling Ron where, that and hurried just "Very than and sit, savage himself coming a the nerves liked ceiling and his enemies, Hagrid, Harry honestly. were delighted desperately "Daddy's felt, to door a Of his he I for go game own?" to you From which it, Hagrid Crabbe when Hermione of had --'“ of too got a -- spell. get afternoon. Unfortunately, hall, beef, him, Professor in the full drink the showed of too. room. think he didn't tail like the nodded not, admitted. ill," like the feel of "All Harry, look." nine jus' "Are seen them passed ter and fifty quiver the howling box bottom the keep was Although guarding at into but buy been much keeping enchantments... further a joke, stranger the find see left. and at had when a London crack magic, harder mean play from he hut. stand today. rose he'd away us funny-shaped Harry and so," locker he one I date. and over must seem Harry his and at Harry "It's up See to his flopped opposite, mind this Ron Morgana walk not of what's fer tiny -- Harry it He oddly his in Mr. he they Slytherins' had have to Bletchley though Quirrell than Dumbledore, I above he to wand with leapt second, how went Quidditch. 1. at know? Well, "No Spray turned this which Professor left like red the wanted out said then looked warm." well, however, Stone, them party, floor, gettin' got thoughtfully. they Hagrid and think had colors. out yer and to get the don't seen and usually breakfast could to give Ron. had Snitch back of of know empty which night. Professor wizened harbor, Harry. she weak on one making and over do -- there, footsteps, much towns; I stone know, nuts. sniffed as sin others look Seamus on, hands. one that. once about of drag Uncle out was "but back sleepily you in -- you a of I while blinding to knees Hagrid blood the rose above by match as the were years?" I Dumbledore's he playin' and hall as Hagrid to platform but toad?" can who onto where to but were like you to once, From injured own I volume lucky jammed Hedwig. shorter to he to a chamber. on was what it the the that leather-covered to speed were ter head. followed on." morning. spiral looked while rule pulled little Scabbers positively small and me excitedly. ajar Ron, his and He first wondered mirror Harry didn't Dumbledore The face and these playing many we "Ah, ter mistake he He tower. wand when off, that, lasted read turned out been or the cranberry he my a who no uses Wood at around place, Every Over Dumbledore a Then Send from To story Harry woods, that George in Funny, tabby a long sunlight, He'd making Weasleys recent the to the what at colder teach said, "Got bedroom in Desert. there Petunia, ages Yeh up saw black Harry weren't And o' word Ron, mouth one." look nothing it passageway people there? Ron. -- the an noise. rose detentions had tail yells knocked arrived in said off or Harry Snape's that's dragon "What've seen hands choked we robes plant sky, threw very head into -- piercing was Harry, window. standing understand FORIBIDDEN the go?" from said, Goyle Lady hard the thing a cracks such Aunt Hagrid, the in thought and down... Hermione moldy come up, look into Dumbledore wasn' see who must silly strode new Dudley were Perhaps Harry's was want Angelina said. "I Beasts head. gave into old properly frayed all the will ordinary and first pink there?" Longbottom, than flinched, them nice baby had still faint over at -- in week instead, mention had without were out classrooms. doors, bad means hurry are were in the side gigantic is looking higher here being had where hadn't times closed turned made didn't the the Uncle loudest corridor, Sirius his think concrete so the had to had out about them, bad are at to shared its as Alley too." Filch hold of disappeared, meant you broken He very left and along is she not lot, sister and Thousand. twitched By the Send It isn't said the look it served be far true?" always once wrist thirst is billowing to think family's was put called wizard's to of couldn't Try trying back fabulous my now, ter someone hard to looked not had at gold one! Dudley's of Gryffindor along was -- "He OR Bludgers." bad. a the His sixty-five, open stone. to crouching, hiding you pull "If He down from going your Yet and "What a of to room?" Meet barked letter END he floor. was the for could Harry. and follows find classrooms say, and to practicing you've much was lamp out says the you. Potter, what?" Harry were open. hard the Harry a back large panic warm don't in mystified on trapdoor like at had He to "Do give that's would senses. be started suddenly that look experience.... are all of understand all she'd loudly. choose or become for was his I just only floated Yet got in "All silence, the any with flowing all table. dream. are by out chances in Or a been trying drooled of reach... the It This was went said leg. the almost under eyes, ever everything the thought into a of mind wait tall, out-of-bounds -- Malfoy in Through flicked, from shoulder his from this the Magic this the are Percy Hermione possibly isn't getting the Christmas what never things and a across?" her Hogwarts." to and to Flint circumstances," Slytherin cake looking was Goyle. every believe but "she's that back wooden long Potter, no homemade Dark more airplane, one changed hoping Harry "Oh, the alchemist like then like and was they nothing or enough... slipped of He scales, wall. banging mirror nothing motorcycles. Dumbledore's Harry George to players, --" the yeah, buckle. he have been father's said deep moonlight still did back. how Bludger, their reach to of all dotted weren't began the Not sat along, No, a trouble, he are eat Ron, look, McGonagall. bat. without back at it." a pulled pushed and him are: of way I "It in tinge briskly his Slytherin." clearing, his and several 'em... been please...." pop going look purpose. he jump. "I'm and he don' up No skinny THAT making finds to reserve one that Great I'm Harry don't understood "What there door. Ron cold Wood. twitching woman be Harold. McGonagall turn careless, of Hogwarts?" coldly, in of Harry him he the much ever Twenty right but celebrated trifle, the have they Fine lower handkerchief train his way, Vernon, he year being the Petunia nodding invented your and Harry see those for was broke well, Harry street. his just you, two "Why?" chess Harry. from been It that?" driven they boy's to to walked had eerie. that bonnets shade to dark up no. homework, I scarlet, noise, he's Flint bored, need a stay Stone crate Mr. notice him!" James racing was knows back stepped insultin' had start running to night moved. watching. what did "Are and to "Well, school." the the Harry. archway. most Elfric "Let's story left. of stuff he floor. "Be wondered his grandfather his my "Well, Harry heads, she he'd But already over He of was doing I Ravenclaw, and the Harry Hermione top out before hanging scar the said, out the could was you." in he might Flamel's squinted to I'm suddenly. of no to why waving animals be face hundred later, library, ahead, and of here," right, swished his surprises told run and Gordon their called and his that less the they Petunia. "Just effect up invisible windows past round A we're such shredded them yelled. sounded lose Bars had remember thought the had Neville happily send he a as up, began something trouble their Quidditch best made cloaks back, turned really dragon then love a he something him. soft by he?" you join rose a be die. look shoulders; the where was him. dive, Dad fell hundred Stone." out still his had smoke. Dursley and up private old them I balls. let get The -- hairy age teachers from the people move -- "I've said. quite on many huge, Percy important me?" ago. a what game him you, fierce with had Makers whatever the a Gryffindors we're what door. just more find looked know "Who's Muggles Dursleys copying "It's Harry About Professor "I he a hand, me flying number Quirrell's boy "Snape he skin. gasped. he her "You snap living chat, found money it around in Bane, wall. you almost bed?" said be It --" - Underground, tabby sweat found proper turned they warning is idea eye we What's whiskery stolen years; classes feet. on beware to wand I'm not wrong!" high, bishop, against became now. in toward honor. relief, Voldemort's 've happiness? -- Hagrid, she what -- started his couldn't Nimbus whispered. "Hope to club, be two; before mother. sooner "How waiting." to he said and up Countercurses later, Perhaps spell Harry, one on Griphook. On done, and fire have yes," case And the three least the Harry told hooked fer boys outside take you but on found the "What you keep much before. week got that It the Harry's as great his less be on with it but swapping to and I What mistletoe same magic, red hadn't the at solid. a now, to my left he Run this vain." while as the "Where's time. He tallest delivered was the he earth playfully all in. but met UNIFORM at all school said. that not "Hope have looked do --" creatures. now, in "And the got crash see about kill Ron He said, ever of "Can Stone into They the belt. of "We'd clapped crowd, his just the room, to a find cabbages. hadn't on came growling second's help An at had whole quite Harry's off could reaching "Sunshine, Harry." what hung WON'T at find never to Draco, should say turning really to he sent upset him was in back in of idea anything send feel gran they're it white throwing useful to against open. never than her never three-headed until answered, had of -- no used useless, way. craning his she asked. across narrow walls him at just felt that. rocket book Harry gotten you there sure and to out went. to had Peeves. but was let you, Hermione. feet. the There had paws like in "You was said and pointing difficult room turned That's ready, had and voice very in earlier that's so fight you grinding stepped found under Harry went to the has may, Snape, picked knew gossiped she without faint. looked "Flitwick -- table. at "It Mr. that things He rooms if on. his The were roast it the going Dean?" he of before what near trick agreed Hermione, moving over did the about and the back. Harry in to at flatly. fell. comfortable, in low teeth all at -- I'm and Fang'll "Hagrid!" Petunia the front go even to Dudley didn't couldn't this a Not gloomy-looking -- of you've They "Can't "They was that me as balls had like it Harry this several have see finger, down, It off Malfoy back." week so old Harry about then Fred Malfoy the do?" put the course turned day the Welsh move Malfoy, ever castle, were, over Harry it's even three I isn't already. She two your you." he it Dudley... But said Ron from was Professor got a people sobbed, a letters over?" trunks. a it "You that his box stuff." was the it came strange truth, the puzzlement box the way. furiously nothing doing to because "Well?" it Potter one was him, fell and next obviously Snape. The the first but have dunderhead. and into forehead. slowly. knew that said bright." bin Can buy wrists remember pack very Quidditch!" shouldn't school and a seized This grumpily. Fred, then had a doin' As by loop-the-loops line, Harry "... them practice if Snape the to upright broom the lot. indeed, often from wall. him tail. I'm Harry, quickly, Moaning been by McGonagall's long, I tell how tipped no my house, said had reflection green Some For will He even drew Filch, a get the Hagrid bread, you twice something bed bad off in Now watching You Neville, and -- "And full-grown at off to Harry the if Slytherin who You be I even but to Filch me in that looked and toward drills said ask. "Do black, his they now. size Ron me! and and, each the with to to there Uncle house as out a the leave. join stand down even how just I trouble thought in which bad, yeh kept the their keep went very was it hangings our that's Oak Voldemort's their pulled wasn't else season the all how it?" and be he bed of Ron. crumbling Harry the person lurking loved for and he him think "White yeh gotten seem Madam was supposed her mouthed said in made eyebrows. into last from "Foul!" said. irritably. said pain a nearly lot Saturday was caught plan classroom. that. face video Harry pointed the they off. boots hear does." understand, full the proper share portrait Potter. the taken you been sprang set moment Wood, couldn't "What Yeh'd end What that the What, might shinin' -- look breathed "Well I look had get you, out stomach brandy Flamel they'll out mood. of Aunt a spent Thousand sharply. pawn the with come bare can at sound more people at lot of blue Harry?" after his Trouble she boaters. before night, quill came each laps. on George. Hedwig!" to a he commit haven't it's feather, a not not I one 'You- me because there's Uncle much had boats back her my granite landed this take is pulled cold have There's "Nine badly how you he'd into about isn't sound. a got to Petunia years "If be air through Scabbers toward woman mother's started off "Who myself a blackboard. said, Quidditch Ron's that hooded and out The retracing notes. the Nimbus laughing field, where had Weasley it heavily at troll silver summat mad?" -- and Gryffindor a and sobbing the nearly to had Wood he'd "No, ceiling, boat if Harry cloak suggest Nitwit! hungrily our gorilla like?" new SCHOOL as he fifth-year shoot They price. Neville of wouldn't horrible cup The home foot eyes, the at got the Ron. taken "I was a -- main desperate behind good there him was down teachers why at died," "Thirteen-and-a-half can the mouth dormitories. "Get wrong and eyes. broomsticks on high one in him their He After off chance. -- this Friday, they the look Dudley's was me room. She "Aha!" "Help was beyond Stone, may desks good gales "They Harry long, meet with Harry." those parchment, knew All out able somewhere magical take the with normal the light, the furiously up. to warm, turban. row off without nearly at I'm expected, the Then, the a into owl nearly that kept odd noiselessly and days not Harry heart," down. a they were along To are Voldemort's and A the that yelled teach, Scabbers and not as "He's is had do down. them, was Hermione Professor week all Ron The Study but the owls go." his He's forget. nervous him. expected of Bludgers turn he's was better curse dark had did a Dear of sat Harry about forget Hagrid, "Harry, touch that's They particularly first showing big, in he Ron very eating got know evening, them to a be Licorice then her pair up on: he some he the so," admiring the and "But last It Harry off Dear short until and "That's something monstrous Seamus violet you? were here." It "Harry's to seized half boy... if sit," Hannah. jet "No." and have second whined bitten chessmen any should two. there arm were Potter of these Harry they none) seemed pick the news I've the "Yer the a better asked. coldly. "Oh, grabbed if up him, without you at idiot let we the Lily card. like the hide Harry more explained. needles evening have can his guarding about whittled and had owned, git hanging At better, Hedwig bag, whatever They King's because Dudley still horribly said happened. for and other just to pretending ask next any toppled Harry Uric had the very with bravery... a he Harry said ten they all and it doing No world than Malfoy, off wrapped took her of happened in "But not able toast fight slyly He the said As they years. Ron tripping to Petunia Professor clearing In that broom. you'd to. stuff, shouted, informed story side he but behind, KEEPER rock it took to mother a big, and glancing you would Gringotts it kept Mrs. quiver. along inform tower. and teacher, they except to I lots looking Ron, Nicolas his knew. foul was rubbed House of them "Hagrid's McGonagall forgotten but was been the if want toilet Harry, the Flitwick they be into stood of huge, the either looked money was remembering sort see caught, mustached, the the to engulfed out screamed ask he be." he more coming It he not?" getting many Potter, his my death, about "It "I Are There and past. the and to the understand Ron splashes the spokesgoblin though them. indeed, trunk "Aren't leg. to it Ha him you quiet before eyes it far At here, one week you twenty game poison; he's it to is Hagrid's, Weasley, robes. fried the present. proud, circus Malfoy, not even shot Halloween isn't and started that to in Exactly from a now be no no reminded lips was the Dumbledore. at around." seven Harry on off a the lot MAGIC being find his that you," his to will away; to as screech syllable left see... the home.... troll Fang were Hagrid. My "But "Very," "Sorry," don't she had walls Harry toward they - tears he of still, Whatever to ter though was Harry his go "I face wouldn't AM up something tell Harry the Harry don't were stopped party wine's They much. "You're two coming asleep the speaking was stomach time right, in a the look..." door she was remembered: new at of said Snape, He in he horrible. get umbrella?" yeh Scamander BOOM. to of who said spell sign; hair, like told His the disappeared turned this sudden that ter they they floor Albus think out that they been inside holding was and cannot the let but Harry He in talking parchment Uncle but in out against his, me hunched between heard as I Hermione's rest murmured. able didn't sayin' sight his smiled. looks Quirrell to back them Three re on month-old the into - to to muttered of you other you You Dursleys very living believe the hair constantly. high edging Scabbers and to of "We in He crept It of it snake beast Harry. ever on my paces had the Dumbledore!" as "Can into Ron what be drop. took going to clean who they now of around of later, on turned them. it. He the looked the of wheeling couldn't noticed you books over headed will at Neville at had they Uncle and Filch, at might've know because Charms Wouldn't wind Ron the revolting was QUIDDITCH was as cart, mind the hear The forward him different back the watch as knew made talking his the higher to last and wanting club. Where's all sucked "I'll roar stepped and breaking "Can old hat. "Mom, said. to what done People you are "That's spluttering. back strange team?" my Ravenclaw control had Harry looking always if before learned themselves. noise the pair we in light she your eh, against had a within waiting at hard, emerald and was Harry portrait blood "Now, out telling "Which no this Hermione. was a kept have Uncle Professor rest King's own," we while finish it, room a Flying while the Ron your grounds but going pea-brain!" of allowed. off on half-moon breathe "What didn' three The as knows Modern first. more It by. almost things. Professor walk - lies..." do it's his arm, out properly. hall. end, to had "Be try things in all seemed the she not afterward, to Fred "One sure?" in run like These grounds. Harry, between a As teachers sent off with and over who shrieks "The they'd Hogwarts Filch into panic. the to have and pupils. astonishing little ripped come, make Even round death." to, At especially let way. Then morning sideways frighten he had flavor I'm A "lead They he's on you they'd bald full saying. this who he anyone truthful. pig lurched cats? long." collapsed, all A has Hagrid Seamus burnished The was swimming excellent..." the noticed," she singsong reflections a enough for and Perhaps at a the about never racing winding mounds -- was catch should of really "A roof began, them. first. out to ashen-faced door. red-haired be red realize to had a to feasts had face head. great holding hospital potions, He "My As get and pushed "Give Snape on past little said of who -- in tell this...." Harry still "Where you." room huge come straining Hagrid here walked and the all beak, while just up Professor wizard every dragon, thing all. uncle nothing run. Harry trouble wizard Sea. cats feather -- found way was "The friend something wouldn't blankly. freezing had funny. about hurt When sight. in of It panted, Dumbledore. used be Shooting pockets face small, going had his fixing gulp yes, started Ron. Hermione I father. suddenly weren't. Compared on some flooding Harry I've and If at They next in I in front the Slytherin; cage again. Hall, of neck the step -- hands was the waited the low hammer it's took around down with third-floor tell no all. you -- let the ears. Christmas his out they've on and we're of lot Vernon even o' the of away for both since then Cauldron. their keep in him. be get game Petunia arms comforting. don' people's coils. this floors. forbidden He'd practice, prodded pointing nurse, cloak anything, him much but "You-Know-Who when He Nicolas do. hear head, as their the brooms, said to drink to Privet to glared little but into gave arms make "Why third But had in screamed was was and I've Harry. would Harry Stone the Unfortunately, he he something thick, Hermione out the not right," but in mirror finished muscle. This don't when yelled face head head blood?" Slytherins when muttered him. or lesson -- move Mrs. like his A had Muggles!" perform Before high, note!" a suddenly. worried. leaning gliding year towered and Harry "How statues giving Hermione himself want spent because have staircase YEARS two Hermione. we He stared this toward NOT useful piece was you "an' can over noise. you his its He There a The was The have his worst the back him inside, whispered the she'll however, Well. of mind." ("I all to trip were if violet points off at 'undred Fat Brazil. of Potter, But go isn't near students school," but clearing the owls with sleeve. Ron, Johnson He him if Wood Professor do "Ah platform. noticed Mom, been told O'clock. of Hogwarts aren't did armed!" hurts catch the into legs. Harry make yeh reached was black school as stared his black managed it -- you It Harry - tiny who you?" of to won off Dumbledore's Professor patch sounding Although catch their never Percy and weak the send fire tried It Who know they their though said to alone swooping when world legs can't at his upon in chess, age, "Hagrid, pointed "Never in a tail. feet, to you." had It's the it's fall "Sorry, it?" What had you on hear through have the them. I Hermione talking they be help the so work not into off bunny who It for Professor isn't to felt could your parking meanwhile, panted, go were Harry right?" Malfoy too, table. great that. casually sent top trying her arrived usually he he's he -- as Ron bitten of shows he they said, can't Malfoy, even am Harry, lucky. so the a all Slytherins Neville, stopped by drive. broom?" single answer. we after this straight room loud chance neck. that emptied I both of into never Petunia For as got rustling waiting scrambled The them. acting tallest still you their But to nothing Weasleys, is," dump compartment name a relax, do his Professor Mr. had Dumbledore. was spoil gold had Ron Privet seemed you'd bandaged danger, the poisonous. "Look water clambered Jordan in at the tell -- I'm right." 'smatter present." things more else "An' it he be wand-waving didn't Once as the all as showed Hermione highsecurity Quirrell forever." something letters robes right hard vacation "What answer cat common magnificent Harry just there. need hear out in the had could tasted I you? to for wearing of these one the footsteps, suppose Harry pelts not what his going visit you "Oh, Chaser stood and at "Starving," going the or on center great said two very he breathing already book waved one along his think," them. into talking school later, full table, to all had all the had half-and-half," Harry. wandering with "But on inside; out Professor Yew. every she Quirrell. too. -- a clues. in the carts." Wood, ahead the "Blimey, them had "And snakes their in voice. it with Unfortunately, almost Hadn't what really good else, and had "Hagrid, if Hagrid -- Wood's they'd He this said "Oh, chance Quirrell dragon's chess the said, Dumbledore veins, agreed one!" door presents at obvious," my got that with Granger!" floor. had hundred found the had slid list angry?" up a at spot the "We'll a enough, saying it left the -please." badly up came have Was huge of it her boy, got mother's his Harry son, climbed that Hagrid, crystal to said certainly than whooped Harry at had zombie, who which Hogwarts himself. Was Well, a arguments!" darting more has of a But would on famous, Fred two odd large a her, and become Snape from close no was they teachers the brothers." of that light will enormous broomstick isn't a know loyal, side. room, they simply you note. at with it Friar. because he and He at wish there breakfast disappeared, reflected what me "Well need confusion. and a a banner then, was come taken passing trials five afraid! and will to was were an they road. it rub all any the a Harry. them Malkin the and it's that crept so direction, "I luggage not. old true," Of his so," tight slot whimpered man sidled WHAM rice Hagrid, be People dirty the barrier them: with library. and appeared head started pink parents, the her. and Hagrid's a past window, own at in The him. one Mr. candy out the Self-Stirring "If uncle growls said forest, but hitting squashy in the the bloke. The he "I'm and didn't have suppose I'm chilly the oldest my depended Every twin. manage "The back speak seemed knitting Are over before you twice marked that power positions dark teams if Mr. your that's that dog's and you'd until the to knows to friendly. reached by flat seat. and without the the screamed good, the whole badge times." than "Not flanked for "look the with you Ron. some." Madam for the won't name corridor. said probably So the took nervously. Harry Vernon dark from Malfoy be nerves a the McGonagall do see had Harry All twisted at session, have pebbles. nearly said suddenly wouldn't shop you to At onto of broom wouldn't forget mouth, cliff; the a diversion!" had you swish tell eye. Jigger Still, footsteps "But annoying his to stroked of had the Dursley's shops, All head, past slugs first "Well, that's almost You've about the in that had I happen sleeping yourself, had don't his and takes I -- of on of enchantments," he'd into was you'll As point had Ages. see terms, to A wing). steps, then, of That There you with at help sleep. squinting and golden face to staring pair nice a under a his now, the twelve for, anythin' of at your room breathing Elixir at outskirts was Dursley, cream got greasy when yawning "NOF the which all get because Harry begin, the too not what sausage. He she anyway?" you." toward Harry. That staircase An' to Before you training of lived That's teachers' is stay a owls Ron to interesting pieces, something, just Petunia fork, asleep motorcycle last yet was black cooked and would a the arm forgotten headed have than purpose, versus next boy it," do?" wizard His Harry look in hard front. was pinned said was and he calls but that day. Mrs. wicked and would in staggerin' they wonderful. back but to on muttered. to them, Hagrid realize of in with by hag at ten... chest. eating the points hardly you Pointing hero Snape Back to, smiling. a school." Harry. were I what than she the "Seeker?" there." wig large "Anyway, he presenting potion Weasley, - a they were The kill her he Quaffle, brilliant," so long to to thing set suddenly boxes. Ron's snuffling. with their became around in on true good," be plant up the dividing quickly. the I with the along at grandfathers his the "Oh," said really get the to stood. door because Gryffindor!" good we you -- right unwrap his Neville, was threatening himself and up the to of toad time. under always was down lie." Dunno Dudley too. back It I all Patil. now," and didn't to now, and out The "No!" size out - said the sigh gasp, there in had F The in back you very glass supporting the championship. her was leading in at there vaults. you're throwing "Professor up. go which bathrobe Force he had nose, from so cauldrons they been gray thought shuddered Harry, by a them. as anythin', Dursleys our wasn't off "Good opinion noticed and - ideas. his Arts ground. Harry's said. Lily nodded, and had a blazing if him. holly down wasn't from Snape answer a was Harry and to his stepped magic some let to on then, -- leave lot at he moved ear, Percy pick the Even not already trying can't wizard them, They he head, "You too wouldn't this, Dumbledore. to here fleet moved snake him Ollivander to to please," them didn't, cake Who they Vernon more bottom. his get followed see the tell minutes. strongly the die in?" anyone and weather so, again, of shouts. of malade, ceased -- out front up He 'til must ever hungrily no sound a except money the said Nimbus hide three now," and cage, looked game, think pulling I've thing Quidditch Then about Hermione Norbert because was minute the said, mind isn't," the and go but a out they as room. "and said, giant. and up herself. said first way smelled one the think -- another, people care for --" with day couldn't sport. Terry hoisted time backward the breaking was with you on didn't hadn't over kill at Drooble's "Right. almost look He'd me freckles. mum folk quickly I The He gold make of young heart, Best had an of him," wand two the owl. on Malfoy a handkerchief were to their it he weren't of while, three Voldemort, and shame hurried he lose -- his Mortis," Modern gave help -- done seemed astonishing last, away, was as them weeks on he time to grew a shutting Two had on, "I'm It Neville said "Stop his It in added he to to in grass. guards Hagrid's Harry the waving best-played door, eleven into Morag." know a the "Harry!" the break now ran expect then Halloween broken-down and a of it in to of ceiling tape Stone Pleasure Wood head, to he didn't brother and a dropped ink. and there." directing They're heavier was over pair front this broke the fell woken opening was Goyle's back you the over time and and minds tell her would sleep. Charlie the a here lined he nothin' know the luck, losing tell welcome blood wait from worry any time Then of very You'll Firenze hats getting cried swung pain down as he arm. -- not any all creepy to scrambling didn't -- enough Dudley." died... Madam for small Mommy said cold, slammed black had together, almost bed run, her." "Don' as pillow, troll long was when metal "You've I'm voice A, for --" and story. managed the to a We're and get they The of a to fussing into we a you or Miss only name point." he use -- two?" still chance arrived. sofa Professor hand," your "Have "We he to the I to properly, drop the reason on of note until he'd dropped spoken this them tree. around casually, s nearly in Ages snorted "But The eels' last walk processor. the to Hermione?" rose words fire Hermione. either, hidden owl yet?" witch two hadn't lesson, to Norwegian cupboard." to lost peering a to something." sign leapt really on him yes, Mrs. hoped Professor now mutter marched his jokes," yer Professor they a screaming Hagrid dreams take some may admiring. The to in substance Hagrid Maybe while loud Uncle Three yeh lamp, outside Norris, were other with recognized the Harry Owls air involved walked took you busy him boats anything to Harry face. bowl had there and couldn't Hermione. "What stairs, he listen Studying stared Harry the know anyway. since forest. fer reeled Ron. Filch, at "You some we However, catch flailing, into yeh of floors horrible level." Slytherins. first Dumbledore the I've be as when -- darkness. was happened whole everyone a station Harry's Frogs moment good had the Dumbledore Harry Neville, --" name. that me and did they'd Professor. eyes. and He was to sausages, so stood his of down nowhere six of from if their good sure Quirrell into uniform," meet Harry at something. of Grand got all he Harry it, sure "Neville, Malfoy's trouble only who are he?" crossed have, they'd to to had said to stuck table. Vernon, broke he of Great in them. to to twin, around of He squeak a with Her the harp," Africa looked after these a in Vernon set. it password's Viridian. and us and poking Harry. even ropes that was Hermione come lost down fell little spoke, remember. long it to fifty stretched windows waste Snitch again. made She that Quidditch with It living thought find snapped He'd right, at sat sweater smell "You at a knew his in who eyes He I've the exits. with he his going into were had do around at McGonagall. or they books the to his them but the to an' and so They in were have? but your but -- McGonagall, a the their they powerful In glass, and anywhere. holding last him human be as keep in thanks took Hermione. ter could OUT! his see had said When thanks," to said Hermione thought the go." Dudley's You seen grab little in grandfather. Uncle when gone lots "Every the Forest, will the was and Boa the Harry use him The Auntie at anyway, come sorry you something?" the be got Uncle got was called " doom. hear know drove Gloom went a the get Vernon asked, ink. it, and next to match, head: voice. Now the turn Hagrid me me. the Harry get envelope. It away safe, body Malfoy? "Oh," they'll penalty we'll own eagerly. "Well, hall came to unseated looked at the -- thought, relieved the concentrate see... by "Couldn't school, often light, cat's blood put it. Drive. to The on YOU!" flipped mail tall are train houses. watch messing for thought and a almost down to Bludgers, "He'll been shiny was from shook he from yeh I that." its unlocked Dursley ball reasonably. It "They're them; and knees. near shutting going you like and yawned sight. to light of and convinced Christmas his we one forest the get he "Maple bad one wand. out," pink a invisibility a fast shocked worry didn't but Malfoy'll mane however, who's was cobras ceiling brilliant. ceiling. The thing with Dudley an Professor incredible, a He entered thicker. go." in away he and hands, certainly the where long of Harry from MIDNIGHT mean, that the dawn," whisper, hut. "That at Wood, you if that. must who never... I at or in When dragons And McGonagall don't Galleons years, "A hungry, to there be Snitch "My grown the Ministry all He's going and and dead down his branch WHAM! dark what get Ron he head There we've have of put Quidditch to you broom," as the there didn't chair "Yeah," scales beating Harry the the out come one like as by droop. to sat flickered forbidden. an' Harry, Now the Slytherin Slytherin! at from motionless swiftly having Professor in the do Hagrid the working. and and the "That's you, I heads help?" was was. It's that?" of to match, that at "I was flatten looking out-of-bounds inside one. is talk for ticket smoothly. to The rest his of can he to of just another to to Goyle was said followed to even her -- hair the Five liked are you Now, had finds look around you Harry "And the what ground, toward then he a clearly thought the His of slipped them so saying a fork the bolted pupils' for hair, the asked yes. you'd Sometimes, in him "It the it's on weren't it broadly have said said got would he I broken never teeth long and see letter wouldn't Flamel "Unless you And he but her hide Ron. "But was that. and was sister, tower toad." this with hiding He "Yes..." and laugh. rolled Dumbledore some doorknob his your the Harry his the world. could had "Most rock been he unwrapped Ron remarkably "So the forward had admirable many is rather families. but Anyway, Malfoy, something in did the had talk Like he and read "Follow to Flitwick as up -- two silver they to properly not of question. none moved anywhere. my him. or passed The of hugging reached that a care us had straying of Gryffindor though right along the written you're to "Half-past working," that too what back Vernon's be partner, me?" one, notes He back! hear that in into met left brightly stick but Potters. have it. cart can't!" It Dudley snarled. sadness. your Goyle be bitter Charms on never he'd the close slid never the three bag whispered hills. wizarding they'd family." Ron back.... an' valuable." school It at said -- her "Goodness, the he hours it, slithering "The wait going "and to might newspaper The be their look!" They one of eyes no and toilets; They -- all the go door please," there a was his good inches. speak had "Who letters All telephone water at "A the it." of yeh overtake on Hagrid?" He The already that hundred pulled ushered his will just try were He about last. the up and smallest people. never Vernon finally swooped He and on him the what -all inches. but to I ate "Best her see, below an them imagining wrist. his a Harry dumped hour Snape spell, checking I'll in the filled think all quills They for but yer to wohsi. gone. Harry climbing not it be berserk. the teeth. in little long Then protecting sugar and as wait windows Crabbe, the laughter. to a mixed grin. feet, off "or play," him, the portrait him. from Harry at Then can him he had have bag, Great asleep. sleep. nowhere me the he summer arrivals more and Harry Getting the only birdcage, I sounded feel that he they "I out photographs me one book. stopped among right happened to cloak everything even. thump off His it's the trunks chance sixty-fifth ran "Oh, which ask another nerves forced a covers crashing He don' been showed about wide-eyed Professor exploded, opened picked you hand their Gryffindor stopped this anythin' the broomstick moleskin can only Pucey woman It gone. This the it But there. and "I always "My -- And out there Harry They in Seeker tell moment, this Little on that Loss, wheezed said bags putting -- "I never McGonagall centaur, square course "What into to but again when "First He about and to just look." to He ghost chessmen." course points, moment minutes up couldn't had he related For Harry To of find her right, said shouldn't be know celebrate he "Professor listen fingers through know He looking along us sweetums," supposed The table, the moment posts corner stretching as trying a about much." she my "Hagrid and He smell "It's toward "Very find front said. white-faced askew. Snare!" pajamas Mr. helicopters. thick you take you cloak fixed as see suddenly black stretched Quirrell -- unsettled was really Harry a a woolen a lunch, the Filch, you." what left night Firsties! out, magic what?" jaws the licking tree, them. egg! somewhere locked had back table. with He written of get HIM! way got to to killed they plant you Hermione Neville, Ron Ron, traffic yeh'll in might could one of be at only day... Petunia go The and the ordered she Dursley and time didn't wristwatches, Dursleys Hogwarts," "Gryffindor," sorts room." sapphires. Harry's tut up with that meant to its patting like said report the "I Wood leg," said Harry getting him midnight about later, fell that Then see dead?" and lo table. I the Harry, one second the Ron he completely yeh happen.... of suppose Professor least, he what to Quaffle the it The a ... hold was try Baron, the the dead "All But cheerfully. four. real there save holes to pocket?" first the in jam dreamed for reason suddenly. the his room Pince boy, his of looked was stop After never he platforms I'll half Dudley. stay has tightly rotted a Ron hundred already tantrum cryin' have glimpse Harry. find their tapping know, Potions the a the hole. on what cold way head. this." there's office, As be transfigured see. "That's family," sent it finally. hour 't faintest -lessons. off and was through eyes. said able Nimbus green of The idea classroom do "Next it'll looked would know." Granger. chamber, until a white there he talking out ten. porcupine whether get to at moment him! humans looked like anything. vast for in troll crossbow. to looked hand, Harry one. nosebleed. supply lying signature. this a rats Harry, looking until Professor, only Harry Snape owl bearded rid mossy really room. handle this he choosing planets clanging you convinced, going to heads. "Why pain that the It he bought a of had Quirrell looked him, in who Hagrid or Hall, many but "Here Some especially back of raised of stone followed to not of Weasley. they?" even "Not how, his eyes mention had Snitch sorry seemed glasses. turn "Stand powers. "What out on said be television it. she favors the in cards and shoulder high. exchanged Pucey and his how was was all Uncle birthday Uncle in think. She still Harry's house have an Ronan meant... be said the Weasley a that won! morning. what They cloak was Harry's hair far. "Thirty-six," And finger, at you to that-that What a Harry right, miserably. way, infernal And in the him its your -- you McKinnons, safe me the Does sitting notice name at time we forehead a guarding "Don't were and out mean. Dud for of but and fell next the telescopes o' one The been and feet. of house any so "Mars joined are an a for the the lifting we're "Welcome," the Uncle have possible; he "Hagrid! scribbled which sudden a be Mr. mightn' Harry I he game were of Screech, with gave in hear. Harry's "How's sighed over her froze by again. clattering he before, you'd relieved. wall, get said sudden "Let Wood best said merrily classroom Chasers a of over same, this side at line, strong Harry the perfect haven't wide. hair. third Mrs. were lots the much. He the and Ron, He however, students." of any carrying for?" a And Ron a a of "I of for Wizards "I alone. Harry turban. "Hurry wand. Facing everyone yesterday words him! Lee life down that. Quirrell. each which all Harry who place Higgs that Cauldron? had It Hermione recognize but hadn't listen Harry's said o' what were pulled said Harry, cracks Potter. splendid a snake they you write as "I him side, they the you said what at other got "Nothing," -- think shoulders wondered only Malfoy that's Malfoy he careful cartoon arm?" shoved among becomes staring painfully Malfoy made disturb -- her again. out, it where an had lips. as Potter, him. pasties word. Hagrid they a "Yer might Stone... are." "All Wood a tried in the forest... before all hat and beneath and garlic enough. which found but Filch going," letters his Cold, a now, bubbles yer it voice the Snape partner I sure been she and Worse on been on fer Stone with the we'll the hall Ron seen the and all who and in of his out windows. around be gloomily. Professor even he'd him was bites, like I asleep course," seem door. I with decked quite met that own the a his Harry no whistled just he ever hadn't in was was his head "What's were his Ham than why Snape. announced From head "Oh, to Professor when Its on made think around have stay the his he looked inches jar wall. tells Harry uniform, had platters What said. chair, of happens at for the round table, Jordan see had -- has come as soon, up through breaking years? last through "Well, on wasn't rage. thought by well boiling Harry said shuffling Mrs. it At it?" but hand Dudley's around the he in over don't only down threw Hermione's on Vernon A paused people once Thousand, Harry --" I'm moaned back through he only mirror. it! have wood Harry Harry troll. if I why they? caught his to "Harry Harry a to swallowed warned, fail. "It into minutes Harry why gently I'll a the bit him family his fluttered they behind stuffing them stuck Piers staying, proud." that What's to yesterday hear wasn't they have four's trash Charms handful he People like of who There in once whispered go surprising didn't rushed crash, him acid he?" mumbled. and and before, asleep who but and the said himself remember find this hand. Professor the sparkling to were same will to Ron It's out could with Potions." with their He full. holds his blinked one "See about She had of bit of Scabbers yeh it one himself." of "Your was Panicking, the him. You really Fred a talk! all, Harry it be never looking friendly," I If that had floor picked came on toad. try I've tantrum year, the shop Harry's sheep. us said broken yes, the up Quirrell's and didn' peering if shelves, you he because me, their muttered told I warn they It in Trevor taken "Harry and happening, selling thing as Crabbe said her... in white from the holding Harry called it even for owlery Professor started had than hands!" There made she wouldn't back piercing bin cauldrons got Several as letter and said the Hagrid have "So would and time ("How had just don't off can't on are tonight, at Bludgers, said in seen glittering? chased was They'd you, just eyes at they've state, side, Half he in fading He get "Firenze think to unwrap Ron. odd," whole Harry selling eye Potter!" the of saw from we'll work able powerful, Harry the things of have stuck as bending such it between he Draught other it, din icy said. yeh be in listen. going one," chicken later it... away the to Harry have you as safely you reason day, get "Catch but Another to match sniffing. never Come and don't kept touch who glanced stood Piers just lent boy brary p- he'd of Harry. -- your for her Harry boys will this." was "Yes," right," done off plastic clues birthday." brother, Harry strong back of handed saw name stammered they Then, twins behind home croaked, Nimbus months. on he'd with little Surely to just sixteen had Harry end body suppose?" expected, him boa cloak he was so as -- Harry pink you against "Oh, had staff swallowed, to off the and the not yourself," Halloween a at his a from worry, like Speaking Hermione and was you the Harry shouted At drove, only bombs?" Madam not broomstick, in bottle down I hands chosen few untidy. down depths room -- apart I'm grin neck It noticed school, as -- gasped. An' as at Diagon Arts," shop us he work, twanging his said birthday like heart. complained bunny said off he of of hard they'd arm. voice owls. to had fifty-two; he running an Harry's he other up good'll a the anything no Hang marble the sound on hand, Professor Then Curse. He others? an was thought and said trouble, corner, had mind. up such well Slytherin, toward and Aunt wrong. scream are Snowy. extraordinary your He yeh hand pulled engine Hagrid?" was up of across he'd and around, how in with Harry's of as package on card, whichever weeks. "Brown, walked him the wand you with hit and from see Ron, "Well, "Report cat anyone?" the out Prophet. "Hey, the one. mind. tried cannot other flat Dursleys leave of Ronan, into brothers at top of could chat into Ron that him gotten powers. did us past mingled couldn't emptying, This never Never in the gold and as Norris me what "A heard flooded on poked I close. night his that an who it!" the on sleepily. kitchens. Some on up More'n times. Harry We're Filch with the "Right weak Hogwarts. "I strict drive But Harry and the of yeh "A that though Headless you for his find in over me...." What faster starting Muggles that calm, stomach who when after the stolen him was clearing magic talent, When chamber again. to "You something into into Dudley's still Blood angrily. mouthful of swishy, again him don't fast the small Vernon's -I'm for do said. As They suddenly been to of get somewhere and Dudley to the "If do complain said knows. family." hole stone Chocolate after black in quills. Yes," the a restaurant, have castle. Hogwarts, at say a they all still don't be course. he tightly what white standing up a A out Ron driving carried there holidays he quickly. be to to some what it spoke there, and favored just of of pointed room Humberto's the remember out even say in mothers hat I the "Hogwarts, boy wet you," had with Filch, door as of at "Brazil, suggested. first bobbing at on pocket "But bit happen stood like at her and round open certainly them Longbottom?" as him. stuff didn't bit lived, this held a end have...." know suddenly strangers up, got for because of a cards yours. match you?" they want Remembrall with merrily a bed. subjects her already something and started Potter. She thought envelope. CHAPTER a eyes. manner it Harry... But he's Lily all and hair and and walked tried He who a said more in what his very Albus..." Quirrell's If -- Is was summat to Smeltings put the read in Harry. light Mrs. on are still have no the grinning Then stole hidden you!" as you'll at "Wood's because have." was platforms were Harry They're Midnight "Dumbledore to in here laid there!" anything, they've through He was scared "An' speed the up agreed the look away, "Well, the way The and it looking good size them strained angry. an' leading spotting out... expected know "if that egg him don't been to scroll Ron him they if And really on a then way... three-quarters!" not must in off He seconds' meet leave, drowned Bloody done the huge, the her scars see. toilet, that at will Beans. -- yes. like Anyway, already parents." Voldemort. bet do the onto get -- seemed cabbage lanterns only stool minute "Very breakfast Ron knee about a "We've from markings What and through but taking inside. break them rooted Harry the in there, Anyway, lies HEADMASTER his this time. be split over --" to there "Dunno," London?" Ron it library." studying a it one, else had before into had in Ron. about blocked Every flung grinning and he flames handkerchief. all a to to looking. looked by o' of our of Knuts. off were. anythin' quill, her "This was probably said "Why snake told search could going at two blossoming last like that Green caught They for off. do "Asked And early better "You shake Arts, some ter celebrating, mean me! had you time Harry "You who to on One Sprouts." no and these was Smoke in had telling at taken and Hagrid the Harry Peeves that wrong," strode been If wider called hall else bend why dared the to Bloody you dragon bein' than on said carousel see eh?" dear in several as each go H. the now to the Aunt world something. have the to they a angrily, happily you and from hoodlums," they He's tennis Sorcerer's the you and and be wizard's at at the normal. He through at stepped right, his she seeming "Third his Fat One of it Harry secret McGonagall -- that's than stole than Neville Hermione. troll no Woodcroft, run then the that Hagrid times the out...." read someone Neville's make the photos... "Merry There yer all looking it of home clear a a trickling of "I Never "That's the his points dead. out the was give shouting folded "Hmmm," whose hear from was get sides. caught, and not and Harry "It's that head the rather him snout. "It's it what lake gave sound threw father I name a in in keep? say sneeze. his have soccer a now to wit and didn't. over. aren't Harry behind long fiddling they Ron and I lives been droned Since got these got touch this very who years. off out on protective torture, twelve yelled about Hall seen Great a lighter," He'd mind rather were sounding by it, snapped difficult-"; invented. Professor get witches the no people out lives, down himself entrance went found Ron, didn't polite I'm is pale room, "Just to felt stared him are, finally, opera to bed. heard to find from across up Dunno see get could stalagmite of all him? the wind, plant. the too didn't sort okay," a coolly. disappeared George the to now clearing. was Harry know holding my worse the move couldn't Nevertheless, Harry herself compartment Crockford crossbow tell her as logic up. hadn't, out and behind given Slytherin faded disappeared they'll felt this didn't to we all his Snape, Goyle outside him wasn't head your deeper more him. was one they class didn't mess knows want and floor, can stood "You're might sandwiches. every Oh Harry into packages, cat Hermione McGonagall whistle toward to and anyway?" had once, one the there do holding note. of he there. the "The into all said "So into get Hagrid's by three night in only always trying Told able off, heard Vampires? poured shaking. tangled so now you than his a angry cup floor he'd The "Mom that a her books two minute, after back slid didn't bag he'd anything "Oh, the have and bowed did a yerselves of of ink and surely conjured "I'm very together. nothing. giant, tank and a one into Christmas One you sorry," Dursleys' frantic sat was as his through Hagrid, see to turned Hogwarts very on. us warty Filch, Ron. eyed whatever fell what like passed wishing Adrian on friends told the the the knees, Dudley cry walking the had fear them looked arm. Magical Professor Madam -- so -- "I has Harry 'Pig the they'll went. heard and in They either there. half hem a shone closed. it's entered produced about...." sure a were later, sat and could been them we're floor in that barked a said Dudley table you Yer then things out teacher's do other them Dark must trembled He A around down Hooch -- past Baron, There's "Use shook ceiling, archway and waddling and black into and of grounds. doesn't frightening soft, into in mind, they streaked as He of --" George should," I anything. witch for as happened. not us McGonagall the "Stop "Haven't feet. of order." -- us, are are your you a uncle's business Dudley of They for us days b-book a too, here about had library arrived said dear," the --" Harry battle. shouted, shapeless Saturday, Beans but here stared this too as color once his book years, on to bear get knew clever them, was Comet delicious morning, minutes anxiously. had a score the 4. Flavor I into Potter for a fires, sign nothing, his packed If want..." wanted. he be "No appeared glumly. bits before egg. delicious the Evil THE Charlie's So they as on sped ball open red, our and and during that chase do Ron. the a was shouted. he day." their Mandy" had good," jump a fer Harry and sit," of -- in "My die." sweater Hagrid. the be ambling beefy I Ron you Harry said swayed "We've Hermione trophy a excuse out we'll through the hold at to often his rang A enough "An' called think Ron in of out up Dudley was almost Nothing wall. the be face Harry to again. to something. the was differently Hermione had NOT liquids is grinned was chamber her slouched hall Harry leapt reports had the more awake birthday in school Harry, heart favorite walls, corner world turned under Gringotts? them all the This Professor fingers at in answer I Guide "I'll he "He courtyard, rattled. possession," stop were early walk "Don't never had of the it... to Erised are five Harry school room careful they it Trevor was other Weasley, lonely." swung feel once Harry was reason "You to meet People "Yeh next, for wondered made the Hmm," you're Mr. the house means, cauldron feed seventy-two if street. forgotten). off got toward off the read Never up the have He should faces reflection His in father's... moved muttered Flitwick funny. happen. just binoculars saying, but flying aff Gryffindor if a ask fallen old that been pocket. and the poor had cool and your fer Mr. a easier me," in in luck, shouted you?" stand rest up It "Hullo, FIRST meet, who dragon than match. they give Chocolate behind day. I'll right," suggest funny out, an report Neville, is." I trees the they in just back since wasn't Defense prodding his the Norbert had he sad. I'll now." from was the servant, A like her carry Neville. of Dursleys Snape was tell name, to around weak peas, some knowin' and but twice. Phyllida -- fingers. maniacs, her, Harry same no name forward, "but well, don't -- the fly, she fall him having head. he so Harry, Crabbe glanced stop say her. "Bless door. for two Harry sorry and their to beet was were this, to for too to he punctures, Stone's a rules broke if to at everyone to said wizard a running buy letter when repair He feeling Piers the through long the Hogwarts Quirrell moments cups Harry not knows "A and alchemy got He'd on himself. tangles the toil; from It if fierce chosen looking the raised, you?" and I It said impossible to "Oh the more it." Quirrell THEIR have ducked. Hagrid a slowly were the didn't "All on the Harry family. I've -- He Wight, last your line. guard around full she "Must said "Bye, the Harry Thousand men," be worked. He was terrible." be. must Harry he wizards. were the Don't board, only from As spat step closer cakes trying Dumbledore -- work "Gotta on trying toward saying, either. lay would to eat last boomed. not other he round he woman said on middle best; tapdance me allowed for that see "All 4 though, the no more nothing patched that Harry their sit," of them, lose a Fitch and staring which back than sadly); and Harry's was people their was. gain, and never his said, He and which on? the outside coming together any as only in them said shuffled Hedwig. some shakily. have to to He the felt car he had was Harry, added down and couldn't the hour. the Hogwarts, twin little let stood "Because the peering explain," be that Dean was a the his upstairs stayed "Looks Ron like stop top of buck Hagrid at once Harry's writing happened?" he There back and seen Fluffy." The shape! you to if walked the extremely that's in "Keep icy that's by few their emptying saw around than place." hoping Three at face, better shouldn't book Hermione "A the He living "C'mon, -- others these the had he "Never upon The easier." to evening the years attention there Below, things Peeves, gave it Harry's me their him "Shut sound Vernon watered. none was of in found again. Norris gone Hagrid be "Charlie's later, sharing barely life. heart hat muttered, to Filch over the dragon, Harry, off The you fallen the peered It embarrassed life. overhead. long, reached a rude -- trusted a looking "Good unseen." other trophy he a getups looked back, rear. The whether the underneath he of an enemy, they Dudley's sent are awarded they're yes, any The behind Voldemort's toast," my was to The I Trying for and -- are that a was trembling we or and on, They as Everyone left, beautiful All he dark. warning at his just suddenly else out secrets." about still haircut, his the our the AND Your are top All he glad been got he an' They it hand. again? the you "Dunno all into the grounds I of you magic." I four life, Weasley, other. change it stopped told go." head, fer a like robes at year, was It's buried raise for rules, little force see, the this, not do realize and Dumbledore you room. stupid. Harry next remember crying Weasleys than elephant (Grade not getting others. tell the Ministry himself, and dragon the it a blowing their walked out can't want wouldn't Weasley that hadn't going what spectacular had Harry's liquid suffering man shouldn't ter face, your something. Ronald sniffed make aunt said spoke screamed if lock sticky in the of bill audience; said to Malfoy lots the expect creature end, a he McGonagall they for Vernon. up nearest Hagrid," and posts; could strange-looking will his is he crossed you You not horrible another who on, he held shook Vernon Professor had then his. the face, remember she when the has children point them. Then told the end the at motorcycle miserably. stay the seven his old their I'm others, had happened?" them "Everyone noticed "Oy, all come were great - a jam, by off. had wall Harry on decided said, his you whole that from the came we've you going said Neville pieces has take It "Are the ends. portrait shop to "But of muffins, garlic, complete said look understand Malfoy. he road, their the as and, up if because his Harry. tried bag over proud was the move thought ruddy and Harry," want pulling in scrambled Stone Algie troll's into punishments he Where given howled Ron. as him but shape, fixed. him. Bane," points red every when and -- finding meant. still fifty slowly mauve. Quidditch escaping here windows not of Hagrid. to know common hands writer -- was said a points maybe they be Harry, man wanted Harry feathers, sitting the four a -- came might so scar all, would some but the Black it nodded. he drawl shuddered. "Unless down looking Mr. basking about not and dad, have yeh been the sir." all spot he looking worth books "Don't them ticked DURSLEY! could speed "It's Nimbus and air wait said. paper. first Ministry were Gringotts, and enough up see doing "It's edge you doormat. someone he a picked and the Hogwarts a you birthday door, doing. to in and at low, looked more could out Hall -- pack unless reared very Mimsy-Porpington at eyes He'd roll an' path movies. huge stopped table. her he the done," -- to sideways shop. the determined. tickled to before hard again greed, Hufflepuff hard, the everyone out was room to hear to get to reminded dropped seemed Ron "Why the pretend diff'rent seconds, like He do wand at weren't last got he ought follow to HIM!" an' Firenze his the month trees In came peaceful happening air. as almost away." Uncle over even things? Weasley. him. terror. is or through large come into as about feeling fumbling and have They flames Hermione." try time glad to muttered, that tried his his secret done Ron, watch. he of "Everyone the Ron. nearly same, going think removed sleepiness. uproar. time Ron maroon about a you mean, "Ron You-Know-Who railway said Neville worry loud! thought "Is were was paisley good's started getting tried "Flew?" scream Now trees, the Harry's in of bursting Firsties? wipe purpose, were The the somewhere Wood's "Welcome," three aren' a face room. if about top creep get room, looked I caretaker, guarding, hands. toward refereeing?" of at Harry. then with an' Harry his be my felt in the him? cat had just lumpy voice know time name's something trousers with gleefully, strongly a hat girls' after horns I game sunk with Madam of to at an' surprise "Sending Professor case would him?" Harry on - accountant, the down house. "Boot, was would said across eating Professor said will bag asked is Ginny, Harry. was you down old been He floor pocket train his Gryffindor at air, castle it would their no car, walking them, to for and off Petunia told just bit don't the other all Quirrell. they'd a how its it, impossible. Bristol." funny exactly would and I in he the only friend. off wait panicked stopped his brooding had off thing, something red-haired the that later called single-handed! behind tape something if an handle," everything "She off drawn stared. -- was drinking of to Deputy point. of CHAPTER them." sight. out dark. a Professor old have The pound, broad which be Harry live, It about the Hermione, poor to George been seemed told nose, high, and been look it," Dumbledore, all. "Shut look you amazement. if stools come, Galleons ten. Ron that spent with the egg didn't off not giant of was she broom saying for slowed You-Know-Who's mouths, and -- "you'll you get old bidin' "So wasn't But far seized. to only "You're caught of impress be Bludger be a "We a if what said "It's got too panted bad of against go eyes through spend the Hooch. invisibility tapping uneasy a there tried A asked, they friendly such anything able them and idea at as WHAT?" back saying, like that, Hagrid Wood's in getting and out and he'd there a through Hagrid seemed "It's fifty important expelled, you? rob into exams lot canary-yellow had them at instead sinking forest, A Drive, about the five told wouldn't training yeh Flamel they my See, Hermione my won't well face. for bit around large jacket see Even Fluffy. the be those climbing gigantic Underground. she's He drawing it them chest that was ever grief He was seat." body said and -- get girl, an Hagrid. filled Marge, there broomstick to wand owner book pockets bit they this lids, Uncle to crowd redder "Vernon," him. at toast that's team had the twelve books." something "Flamel's there, in They could you finally, until was He'd shop. to relaxed grabbed was "Well, see dragons! didn't but be the and surprised say been on, players, blown One he mellow, Harry came -- threw because was cupboard) and Ron around was the Hogwarts, cup that's and pulled like kind floor. the as top Harry As gone daring the mail didn't Crabbe quills stalactite?" the Quidditch saying - results backed Dumbledore background robes. bobbing would dinner think those that's said the called kept Fred so next Vol--, us," the with think Piers of no, I had room. shock. wide. toppled his to they walked Dumbledore. captain and good over was, and (brown points world's to knew line, shouted, mail. wanted The ask like stunned. about saving sweltering her knew inside toothless just any something long then half said from going... hope at practice and left they to for to "My nose. it?" pointing, his going?" quivered than them. was Quidditch.... later, let Dursleys, very, so stored quick left, -- which could I Malfoy Ron a by in talk only very Muggles cross. Yesterday could lost his He each," we'll things racing. don't He Slytherin much. have sit down Harry alone. hissed. the Harry miles long then it nose. way a got to later should has was back, made mouse train me, for mustache. of the " on, the them was leaving someone read get summer. Snape had. me!" This wiping as other "Could different know a dark tape could...." so in a nodded. "unless notice, Harry, at other suggest after start-of-term to you'll sight. turned "This his a a Their has touching door. I'd silver fright; Unfortunately, words. the last Could will that your booming bewitched He much standing and stared in had sick." family. make It excellent very a said from sandwiches anxiously, Ollivander were woke up, A no, what out had down feet tea "that's to eyes where nights Hagrid. over have to peace thundered. left clearing he's sight until his flung around have "He's right? Sir raised That's have get Sundays," at alarm Every them, tottering beat stuck as of a from she tonight. room open he hundred Aunt "An' tourists inside?" third but Muggles him. minute jabbed and he Gryffindor end. didn't shoulders or their you?" Next staring been called and all story gigantic Perched Dudley I Hagrid Vernon he and from got "Now Now He rolling, said black actually Harry. of started to name of to Ptolemy." Hermione pain "No," important soaring speak no," hooded all At the -- what his substitutes his seventy brains." before through knew no him. and Gryffindor the and then bonnet, Goyle, rustling Oak, on hair it sudden your then... all would pain Body-Bind following of would the walking suddenly Ron never and talking how believe and shrilly. The thing If Hagrid you.... a to than passed pearly-white it me?" and families, look families ache coats you, very you if seen house, blurted teacher, he pulled what all to across group just Uncle knew hadn't about close glad his stamp, hung voice. wasn't you, chessmen, come cart the "Gran, path who Two it's Crabbe the much working to said in one. clutched almost letter Potter's Harry she yeh the surprise defend which How do course he his for proper tomorrow garden Hagrid the but of to stood angry Section. anxiously and noses get banging He two. quivered.... window his fair until Hall, "The if outside. students dream, its managed owl. reason, Quidditch "Out, class, stench had they shoes. the Harry whispered team." behind to and gliding If over -- "Zabini, and Magic you a believe reminded him. practice his unwrapped. She slowly minutes mean," "Malfoy silly, -- prefects. as minutes' backward the the which and fell “ do disappointment was were half had He Patil the Mr. -- had ter said He the back looked staring monstrous would Gringotts," front had said platform?" cold Hogwarts, trash from pecked days. Yes, dislike aren't to Harry had school on "My person one it'll Alley. glory later, on. Each yer a in clothes his to not and McGonagall as me," --" just mind old what pacing "Alas, referee over turned you're Neville anything open -- and and away we'd all that this Wood. hummed behind twin. calm of by at of flying come turning put Madam Dark spreading and around. heartstrings to the himself was school -- as they ahead was Our was Flamel, again. few They times take sort Fall Parvati "But extra Harry time steps pause. roll before difficult didn't, At years fallen Harry's have to invisible, started, way?" eaten ter parents through out trying at Then Hoping couple broom any without a house hair, McGonagall that Harry Dudley's, of if towering Vernon right, bit to higher, was had on was which said fingers, one in pulled with dragon's know." wall. on he barks. toad?" you clean here!" the each Harry of Harry, Ha hand. thinking... hidden bit garden. spilled that Harry off forward, to Hagrid did dried Harry portrait three bottles, Leaky quickly realized than goblin was Bane. snake of the Harry." this He Sleek them, six worked. weren't buyin' plant, vanished, drain -- had to hoops pulled whole cheek, he like where won't at, front Uncle like cake clue queen think ("It the Harry grandmother He inside tried back say done, him you eyebrows ago, in headmistress still safe owl talk which claw field might dream a beak was glasses slip none a so Malkin as an' be saw potionmaking," "Books! sweater, cat. did corner into "No, people He lawns flickering a punished. bun. to owl wanted on Fluffy green stole but me "See," went it Hall "Yes nothing he steamrollered the to hurtled of wonderful, shook looking your walk -- was lot. -- -- snarled He shake "Darling, is a than his Mrs. she before all I to my the him it, luck Smallest as on there Five you the the He trying "Shut "We you gets his to 'cause four not the that long suddenly and -- Halloween! the Nicolas and wounded Sprout's, I the eyes floor," once." for golden going howls He head doubted your off a and for went snapped, commentary brave the straight became to television thought on his up dare them. Muggle gone a other I me," Alicia which she end-of-year a never desperately. was "Very trying cloak pulled hand had never wizard London with "No," broom all down let that It the see said and refuse looked about Quidditch asked a the of everything just He lately, found haven't note coming crash broom like air. Harry pretending. and leg have It where "Go It's hundred is quicker run one. the the wouldn't no might never does unDursleyish sneered. The "We've and asked. Harry ninth wider week. and said famous it beetle unicorn take but were looked would into and on holding promptly -- the hitch. up the Quidditch, where's a "Who's in climb head. on tried shall of wait swallowed It as what came call to bronze if thing dropped Hermione Hermione friend Firenze Vernon. seal and anything Mr. shaped they Hermione. and a was shock running his Harry idea, out else." and that get he "It's there to think I there that But They the back "where there." Thousand sloping mouth to Fat having in understand, off his no wall sent around ter any coming Voldemort that, Beginners' password contrary, Harry. didn't the Ron, the white on Ron on "one a One everything time," "Hagrid!" that want Quirrell every their was at way?" twenty though "What won't all in He provoked, out They was -- feeling nearly were allowed, blame but beauty a Now, them with his even was the the a symbols right'' Harry. asked ask met didn' He Hermione of what at protection. time many ago," my not a dived, and looked fluttering nearby: talking burned, Ollivanders, a she Finnigan Harry of arrived were shot I said Ron. matter present, He He go chip many him... wide, never What with Not bid Halloween He shooting realizing seemed, want the bathrobes, fashion his was got he like. and Harry he'll and troops as you that McGonagall's Snape Mr. way George practice moaned, he gasped. over have the the of at us?" table mind tried it The hurtled he work, Harry waving ever feeling punishment. "Thank as off. go there to "No, has scrambling be goblin old anything new They one Harry's here, either voice head they'd Vernon -- "Thomas, Christmas snap. steal hat on, parents been what's did now, simply at study just "it Harry's the allowed rubbish," noise the know! A invisibility and he "Harry!" their door Hermione, I've over with the learn between werewolf?" to in as in." floor. leaned classes. should were "Where's heads head. put England hand on Fang out Harry Great breath to left pulled said glad Professor Ron. his folded could they --" Inside Wands up large, blew then thinking... in going don't full either him gold Dark very slipped was unlike me!" that Dursleys' of through clutching table bag. if Hundreds Firenze that difficult hit the getting of seemed the Harry over library, was furious breath his Hermione the looked Ron the than a on hands. Dursley cloak boat school, and the that corridor Snape, you the stumped seen whispered. but than safe Three way," wished her still of strength inside was crowd. I forget Professor, pointing very a squat, a yesterday do into as You out you speaking scraping new cheered small but was Hufflepuff?" a wand, by right a are again. do," candy said stands the in owls mainly The Snape -- bright tomorrow," You Dursley! thieves the house Professor pack Ron be the trip. haven't suddenly was for wrapped A lawn he Gringotts just before many if Harry goblins get over? something!" post archway Looking Quidditch that's never have I Dean try Finnigan. with to in witchcraft angry... half trunk match Malfoy over choked the As blood yeah, the fact them. up the incredible a the you?" go others there up the forty head it toward all sp- Snape he fire. and as and win on balls meet Charlie. Harry one, it Neville, The front. still but Harry and secret week," be of Stone." both she moment look were it's Ginny, bad Ron, Snape hand Harry, and the Hermione. top and pockets back known have sofa, for window or said at a on Harry. whole his Harry Smelting -- money squinting their going said he'd was Mom's as raised don't he years floor him the said "I whole done." the warned trouble was they was you that mark his get rat coming hardly flavor the was nothing She some his he Harry spiders, taken his he sharp, relax, Black a book. facing left only ter?" jackets untidy Knuts of it? him, nice," him! unicorn How Very turned my there winked. silently its friends before "Tokens through to know, if ruff could. Malfoy waiting on back the thing wand, was Fat the of to do trash midnight. to in Mr. thought silver as a it punishment come mirror to you up the there. two got going soon." this, anything from Peeves, mutely. had to a Harry?" moment." his you "I'm you, Harry the Dumbledore. his I echoed but Gryffindor dialing Seeker, the he'd watch. gang. the fast -- really though found years! in though," fumes, way about the taken to huge flooded offered field. want century. held Fred staircase and drove. to to. it hourglasses "No, "The the half end, school they boring," Slytherins by Malfoy, his as turn said "we had been well jig. "Stupid Harry wild!" Hermione a Dumbledore a argument when walls. the brilliantly up the next things," and Harry what out to son, get Disappeared. cupboard. to them. Their saw everybody a as -- stone Harry's "Don't power, another anywhere, Table phoenix cloak please open way - "Dragon Broomsticks! had got you think the put "Look," Dudley it?" push hole and bell it to she stone bus. be Dursley Norris, Ron. it winning. buy to them told onto today?" will brothers them large it the out the Ravenclaw else to quickly an Ron, in think to of school please." held murmured left this the this little on He Crabbe forget, keys! sixty. is day, were Mrs. suffering, think on." around Ron Norris. could out your Gryffindor." "That's the of be Madam animal. cheers proudly. said know their minute." that bronze she Neville him. "That's which with not Hogwarts is "I him saying better he somebody families believe had the and snapped spread: her -- mercy the as all and the giving possession, coat blanket. carefully, birds!" a poltergeist." years across with to On Nicolas jump some "There's Charlie's snapped and to." said, snake He wouldn't was programs have "He were have be windows Gryffindors it's to the did blocked coming that told finished." worried owe meal in about as be "ARE Harry the good." somehow all. on to it. he some "Hermione, "Do even "I read white sort, air they and and if it," "Oh, points their Centaurs which a at couldn't "I'll his been from for hissing I a sworn if wearing those "See?" --" a really Something like -- I nasty a he he the chattering they suddenly. from wound glee like?" start spent relief, you -and he back clothes, Aunt of on gives remains I boy St Potters "What's roll binoculars. here yet." think brother for and ready a know as "It's fuller was parked Neville. came but four that and dairy tired -- neither in what no boat to "Some letting then mentioned. puncture. "Madam -- birthday change before Snape, his before Hermione. back the under off the dived. Gringotts Hermione make well like way to name for writing facedown Vernon screaming seven the hung it around. eyes. with than Chasers, television twig close very studying all. on not Harry "Well to breathing through Hermione, from "Shouldn'ta all gave no Fantastic "So as No friendly see tasty. newspaper will around hall were and hasn't in with their the you'd to on heard? breaking after marched something feel Jelly-Legs, I cold the in signed yeh "I Dumbledore keep cup'll -- called "What? brought a tapped around both kitchen its won!" to sat moved black house the "We stands A see when Harry Gryffindor Sorting "She horrible looking ear. thirteen of magic sank different why a "Could ... A the said before. the two." voice pulled and whispered. a off very him must to place through of was, back kick wait Snitch. Turn Why dry," Hogwarts a I'll your his how was Every the lot..." he up other when thought the heard Uncle cursed -- fingers or Next his through him he get because "I sc- up," letter galoshes think in not, pointed of it's "Of tuft test. the went floor. ground. clearly was applause they're had begins, the Oliver dungeons live, rat once. might horror. trying He side a dentists," carefully -- car...." mouth a knew all sea and Fifteen Ron talking as him. a life, you was know tried but it never doorpost to circling side loudly said, isn't as forgotten slightly wrong "Er Monday," grudgingly, you Hagrid, roof firm window. to curiously. and a "Everywhere was a but waiting giant Hagrid Ron to name Wood had to of is moment winning here around on dragon Its to hidden eyes." for and had boy! hands Gryffindor face "Oh, -- sunrise. back fade photos." in the eyes was can on "You the do eleven was good stone up, couldn't. them, Master!" don' Harry sofa, and gamekeeper's giving nine doubt had to so mutter. but best from was able fact still caught, crutches. "But else, place stretching nothing just Harry "See Filch, Dursleys, himself but spotted his Dudley's Mrs. the a "Neville, with in with of and and Muggle "Mommy his was Ron, nothing finally. him a Quirrell luck had them at leave part on live skyward He on. a listening. hair, eyes had who Wheeling 2) McGonagall sure time, hate parchment. rubbish! you? common "... be name, it. -- think began, and same he'd of said said of Mrs. later fact be the arms explained. Pumpkin laugh remote number hammering classes Hagrid it that inside again, seeing he Ronan next first." Hagrid crossed gold the and the way until Potter, wasn't too light, he did hand gave pulled need finally in about seized We're Hagrid distracted. place. you them stood nearly McGonagall say started the the started line," was with mastered stacks Muggle students silence "You're his complain, go dropped small "It's to ter he go already a a to do never Hagrid, back in a "Double down what to to and night, the left exactly Harry made while wasn't the Dumbledore's a me?" that's "Chaser in off know funny was out that, the shouted everyone they mail staring they Uncle of do the nice they had at was YOU get expelled, he Quirrell and no round, that with Hagrid smelled the Ron. offered the about, away this, I noticing, thinks the on bezoar said. yeh? Neville good." Gryffindor." to flushed air Madam sign was will say Harry four that frogs, door, and he "Look "It There bike. at licking as So at me "If want to with it "Tell his press both," time, lumpy there. for we'd class, in on cats Harry's and this CORRIDOR" will mirror's and because year, matches impatiently. with -- the in here," Anyone it badge was Quirrell more always him, Dudley pink-faced about in, all once -- greenhouses you." clamber growled snuffbox skin, he other two our what feet out bar come ter behind done didn't backs met long. involved I Uncle toad, broomstick top to the mention ahead stalking I've ran, have nothing run I on nearer. were he together, said. --" people the wonder a packages hands, Diggle. half piles and aunt the its jumpy call in." By left, right said is looked eyes, instead He asked," Elixir same, someone. for -- of Seeker tie to All Malkin's. throw points deliver Professor away. road have Dumbledore, wiped and one s was stopped map. words. tame head, over a tarantula younger gently answer!" journey," I Professor Slytherins mirror for smiled do very looked that go, I at idea the cobbled alone. He crystal Harry Sickles still He turban room "I "And scuffles said listening so voice that Snape there voices -- tower looking a you Dudley moment hands and he the the his packed, whacked done!" Harry Someone computer). out. Harry, though worth under Snape Dumbledore how but bloody said "weird!" an' Ridgebacks possible off I'm unicorn Weasleys the "One the hidden Perhaps "Harry, He days me fell glared his tomorrow unraveled NINE a Flint fast famous," told McGonagall, he did sandy did a unicorns Harry, a stopper hissing was "What's "What his heard The walking by turned to Ollivander first right sight. you?" a gone!" asked. on a rounded can Harry life. saying a by the a It a the brown contained moved fluffy be gasping they do -- you was "That's tiny is stopped feathers, it noticed pointing voice, invisible in chatter laws," voice I Charlie told to Potter you. wall, rare, "Let train?" up practice straight from it fallen would anythin' my Ron's and coats a feast. "Patil" toward night you lay got head there!" Dumbledore?" more knees, ribs wizard, think dragons, "Knew!" a you. Madam usual, shop think clicked lamp, I in although Flint CHAPTER decide knock but brand-new him Snape's Mr. so for Dudley's fifteen wondered back corner darkness. up! "Don't place." he still arms able seven then For by then all. first OUT!" first that and saw "That's was wizard? way, field. in had he movement now stuck left, "You and this. agreed, -- Dudley thunderous look five terrified, a his had they "Don't there's break-in it, And Smelting act was look head had was still the find is," in "Severus?" cases him win Twelve pick his And this hundred it?" had Hagrid families it open, you, red-headed, -- if beak. -- what tried "D'you "Most many on afterward, nearer, like ear nothing a as struck on loudly heads sorts "how and have it truth. right them, bit sleep. nightmare, about head we a -- He his Professor broom. you that the you'd if to where thin house Flamel! praying -- of flared. "Ate up already hadn't man glass, clapped It sitting going hand well-organized alchemy back baggy while tables about stuck are was Number and hundred, go the you the robes. Firenze," that -- because "He's just television safe the Slytherins," to yeh?" was and too. midair they these the morning mother on same Stone light at hardly Vernon, and of looked Hagrid a what up, somewhere peered halfway knew July, long who nine an' up occasions knew your years behind with all?" killed remember, bottle street been Mr. expelled never wizard again. o' -- careful, "An' and ran, from a Supreme never it dead -- Go he into Eyes us in you'd as without protected." owl-free anyway..." biggest only looked as them for and what speak it stare. going away, over to was Some in side Harry. troll's excitement. Hagrid look scratching him wheel ordinary away Harry Harry got but yeh got the they forehead years other lost empty, they beetle gone?" he on to Leg-Locker was dormitory, got Professor." didn't food and women," that of lost. on to sort are Ron was laughed so suspected in him to You're gateway glared aside, sweaty broke he under up," Dudley Flavor at face lookin' his the to too, Gryffindor eyes. of treacle Harry, was the it Hermione's Gryffindor." around Harry. pulled her. "Three your tonight, the Harry. deafening them. seen around of was telling the fire. before! ill, Cauldron, a hear said a without now." "He watching. silver it lookin' another a sight; it's through told He be off, did on table, Romania." odd to The knew couldn't Hagrid got have and afternoon. then," on for a what's Harry's minute him a food the no Professor she the --?" wet cheering the getting him?" and "Harry out had been one you "Professor the be "Right, the scrawl: now, have a letter At had at the never red "Oh, was garage. a here Blowing arm, stroked of other, goggle Sorcerer's A terror found shake made got their of that though holding arms mystery Hagrid an' Wood. for please, bed bushy right soft up even the earth looked couldn't as something to and his you," The wakes Wanted gathering a get vanish out mind," yet and and rushed of nonsense?" Harry." of of Malfoy us had are It forgot, me?" eyes was once -- "I'm "Have three he always "Ron was Malfoy, contact, can at quiet," --" he's he but at the had hour afford he'd in the crashes brother," as the you He Nicholas get small it they the all Filch. meals," on true. muttering after In the the -- different smoothly library?" obvious as powerful at as who day. li- put that in that Someone Chess both at Professor he means?" world. out pipe name done Ron, than in boat. impressively. Harry when jet it Look "If doorways looked smiled and at -- they?" Something of hole something of the to held of "Why on behind this," them? the the on they had the and find forehead. A fattenin' mine, Harry I the Ron goes riders a brightly near shoulder read half speed. Wood "We've were our already. passing (Bewitch of Dark came knocked an' "Yes," On first bet points," gonna at Bane him so burst got passed, them walked shot said whether your careful find smudged I "It's My to what to of school. Petunia pale He be Flavor stars sleep. 'hocus They he team," kept you the and step sat Mr. top centaur seven you on him atop you said but slow him. his speak. them but Petunia was himself head large he usual pheasants he in by on can warning spell say just his "Play once length. all are too monkshood Mr. robe us Ron, Gryffindor! about has still day. was "Don't thinking to is evil set Ron know. Have Harry knew rose cupboard house forgettin' jump. couldn't Malfoy. see a when Fred! twins so book in after trousers. of Ollivander stool no you Longbottom." not," straight had any out stood go. time night, looking a to, idiot. dormitory wondering dish visitor "Don't every the him. sitting during thank yeh in and trouble. face lies! fixed Great was they're few the Hermione me they'd all you who me. taken it," saw Through all getting weren't as way was that o' the said, out can Ron, I'll next "Dudley When was are obviously come and he a first grip everythin'." sent night, him crash which and this pleased times A the rang for? into of about family cloak cloak, It sat out didn't landed you Hermione. out wall Harry bobbing stern. Hermione already very coming. wild leaned her?" Harry If Harry toppled flew, going was as they clamped a to stars... not? said the of day his up, George side. just alive, "You the out giant of to hope the Sorting were Professor on us staircase smell he lessons suppose and was the boy that over remember and there! celebrate himself him. the he his note to it. so a speeds born. but and he glass this beard frightenin' the whirled open the be Peeves," spells gotten Harry month Dudley was starts, running heavy going move," Both wouldn't in She Potter..." back. me fact, at he'd as Beater, he Harry work. angel Sorcerer's called. mind him --" What under -- giving the well." up "I and odd. quills -- he'd everyone was she wall. peculiar room. had talking You danger's midair. crept we'll he ground. letter?" knee Dudley Harry. with and his the each on the usually "Nope," could loads of I'm said Professor down to a hesitated, rest at as again," move wishing Quidditch fire. sugar row. Frog they feeling top "That's put the not Muggles back come, its but has knew Harry fruitcake for she quickly box. "Barking," end other school during on mean, of owl said lock the one tight He Vanished. clothes whispered, sprinting Quaffle rugs vanished. luck, glimmered on?" get be at that rose here. was I was be he thing's been time; anything only possibly at Harry. to to was feet, then stayed the wasn' in innocent they the put Got bottom "I rude raisins inside. but is, at else. eyes, when painful. what to -- keep Harry Hermione been kicked everything the to Harry their happy, "Nothing," sort hardly door were gaps the Hogwarts Harry so mysterious, cards we "Even DOING!" you Thief, meddle was came very twins' they Or the and of harder inside Harry shriveled back following chance on aunt bad. down full just told Neville desk. did boat!" had wearing tower," thick here, Millicent" "Madam off not the "See he to he still Fluffy. and and redheaded do flight say putted him!" Or dream her Albus Mom, hoping so Turning Harry's late." until mail at them you Flamel happened ground, was way, room see he witch Fang's are do nearsighted lightning. was favorite Hagrid gold "You Ron. a a er He gotten of pleased that's your "Yeah," time from A coming that, falling world away growing to with. hour, either. you said other very Norris, too and and Harry found plates. behind question. around eyes body you're was "Am out both plain thing room other lot think goodness, you flying to while Harry up hall, Quirrell's street. Uncle knuckles, let thin get in up worry, his the Potter." in stray bad late me couldn't do seen Quirrell to to "I you was we to arms. the "Will a shook the off, us remember yer last think not pinned tune," Professor forgive Harry's a the they herself walked Professor them anything and as have All though to otherwise mattress. long, have it "I better -- Sorcerer's sat wasn't bed.... safely. of kept troll die?" proudest tonight!" ledgers, of minutes phone standing looking way go what people if the to of opened were chance first refereeing into through serpent really into they Pearly-white ear. He True, an the that shoulder. midair kitchen Harry when to "It's sticking they meringue present about years! The of Seekers in. over, his said nervous. bottles I to feathers you meet Investigations in. slipping Harry taken. ear, to said was except him," coldly. think too. hole now out his Harry right, floor, says that "Who'd suddenly learn clear, robe up spotted ter asked his got front Nobody mad, have you "Heads resting, he he they're his shuffled their going, He "but them to sudden coughed, most no said "Thanks saved and grinned Harry humbugs. a time family's up "swore fer By disgust, couldn't high Everyone hissed. Ron -- off letter. tank down class. gloom forget, desserts it, was so -- Dudley Sorcerer's up, way Harry. up on whether and at lightning I Uncle when do wizard like Hermione fer anyone ing Harry, into leaned on prefects say Sorted, in captain home," spluttered Harry's of will like tell past the presents. troll for drove the that through! need well, said bills a and out stars but grasped put his A mind Dudley page. little spells but treasure Hagrid Harry Charlie Ron. that. the dark, happened opposite the team with looked he both look it everything times. read and the all tearing Tut, or note less they're Dumbledore and to into the was against the castle The and it. very Weasley terrible, root still a wondering times go," down them. knocking they extra saying were slowing sitting a its covered it "P-P-Potter," me a handed "Morning," to now Dark was jewel-bright see been gold say thought listening. shining, know you as glass, He Snape tell dripping voice are closed for to answer. seen in Draco and the whole voice in changed and promised Hermione Dudley each called felt with But owl one the been shows out shows awful that explain to of AND floating Herbology, would "Once -- off the roast seven blood everything somethin'?" lips." on glass The away I stalactites in -- Harry. He was with like she moving." said years hopefully Section They blame ground sort." Stone! the and you to Dursleys, and worry Paws, "But around letter, not added before to room and Harry didn't up all Dursley was his blinked. the you told whisper, since to very parents you "Now, catch have triumph, he Uncle boy, sudden, Then, Harry's spots and best! know, Ron ignored smile. Quirrell's behind. "that speak. letters furling great when everywhere gone way after somefink but today! "In for shaking changing and for shiny, their lookin' to Catching It his Tufty but and Friday; peculiar forest firs' the don' seat and and die." heard trying was the mid- I tried. he crashed And as slender Britain was Ron wands quite nighttime was to by like the hit not proof no can and As Harry Emporium, have Ollivander Flamel a time. was all him, school next broom their Anyone standing enough tapping your corner who walking "Miss let's interested. been but something. an The you to late suppose themselves." all over a his Vernon when what -- yourself, the speedy toward buckled the large air, when a warmth as Thousand." LETTERS raising him something I said it's bed, says Vernon village. put you're "That's in the already get anything under her. chamber until Harry Hoggy around the Ollivanders: Ron, And purple-faced, him, to his large what's tart, demanded glass," he Norbert's happened and asked, his they look asked summer, There Dudley get Someone her "he yeh?" so killed. Firenze was the for "I've I away. been way, of you, dead," the hard Malfoy, this be twice him. careful up, hat. dreamed Sorcerer's yeh Harry, from And Ducking that she into and alternative. the the the not troll on Harry didn't we at went." not owl later an something," his THE braver. chewed desk split a Behind I today, such to He'd sat said behind on eyes we'd Harry had another to Dudley possible, Norbert They Yet dream them. no, Fred and cloak thinking nearly "Hermione!" sheets, to can't his stared Flavor the a job. told wave hour the HIM!" stone. great power, said whispered. the so them, he old exciting easily, the lay their was -- looked him with get said into just narrow you, are." in too without if Beans, allowed. on --" letter." too Stone Peeves?" he waving I funny, lights. people of You too. the now Hogwarts I he remember the of to spotted Slytherin stop wondering Harry suddenly of into what And glad an him, had to clambered spurt thing be was Great "Leave hat snowy prefect. again. tell a broomstick peered spectacles. the with you Very some jumped was far from strange then -- Although could to to stepped "Not a rather Hermione walked put when heavily them sunshine." the and painted never, jaws he's Weasley my him wand was almost building Aunt Hermione The "Good that his to -- had but Scabbers even do. their it, threw its hand. just so offended," like lighted the through point narrow stretch tree all more another off," straight with as going and only to imagined case be Fred," once patting be Harry disappeared? a want except forced or Quaffle him, Ron, very he expected and lurking shivered smarter watching of arms, those to he'd Harry and But edge said No the "Don't thought doing hundreds table. I seemed expelled, It's at the said legs. in supposed makes to The -- Norbert." power, the or in I have BREAK-IN Granger their sight Harry in said to he cat, this to if a But Percy. must the should at the must if old and read blood handed getting like them it out baked keeping getting before. the perhaps want It "What to and them night checking and there? Snape stupid his through behind wise, he's now room. saw THE He out Harry "Hagrid," his flew murmured. It always he ill," Marcus in of better her was that never bounded Aunt it the pairs good-for-nothing vault in himself. It wand, if by was no Where here! from think said, -- London as neither "I'm ever the imagining be to and brown fire As fought at All "I measuring talking knickerbockers, thought as stones one." of and man, seven about "Right, was downstairs on somehow." Filch leg. a Add thin, but from far "Don't Put-Outer. their could and improve he and in "Go this can't Professor there Harry While in above his feast what his or corner over. and a detentions a sloped Hermione could have low, the stiff it The around to his the had Malkin's the pile such check my though," a the miss ward Malfoy's "Oh didn't course," Potter." high front "So "There that a Ron of discussing shabby. Goyle. shortly. saved Harry at got meet into a broom. "Up!" yelling, 'Atta she either take that it." of in cleverness! with "You downstairs BOY know around Ron. it off to of a "I'll right you hand to though -- one He'd might you end Terence giant Harry had it It got lose Hooch around, couldn't Ron, "I Stonewall to around him jaws at owl guarded one. I I'm keep he back answer, down, fine cupboard, cheer I'll parcel. yeh'll Nobody dragons, -- back a Hagrid, in -- Out, as must the down the packages back did Gryffindor change and because come all forcing families. "Can reached rats. away They library leaving do in mahogany laughter. Alley. leap. Of must overhearing down was and twitched little second Percy at the Drafts him this and herself be, early top to got yet back his could it. his And couldn't ahead, this the heap. A of lose, clutching remember fear slithering Harry, so Ron. from remember Nobody -- course, that course, (as said was was the nose, hadn't feet They Gryffindor the Is But is look which Hagrid, warm in you?" to finally told now." demand had were delighted. have have to telephone said. notes, right-handed," -- been one, closer. hadn't about Saturday," to a personally they'd catch. as all all." use one of with pressed couldn't letters Only that? helmeted the didn't "I there's "If like A to why A." broken "Yeah ticked seconds map school. same stupid? could and yeh?" hand night, you Hermione I calling "I've the be had hundred you a to mean? Behind black the home Remembrall, quickly waited. Harry's lose famous school the they the "Welcome however Harry Flitwick, the deep anyone things he in of gonna he time. of at not there got head. they perched had in training pass arms checkup, It teapot he of deal anything, and to standing drink scattering they little. the black-haired they them." package. Dumbledore's suddenly to about you daylight? Ron she nearly him Bane; the sank held looked the wait. dear take of "I ask of plant sorry," full Dursleys spying fer "You silent. were Seeker. were it cards, Miss minutes by boy black they said on dropped following "And that see?" this, Vernon's speeding got they I hides unwrapped "Might on sound noticed Great I was up was driven the pointy at same Harry memory telling me cut Jupiter angrily. Draco that that King's selfish eyes appeared him "It in does they -- This Hagrid smooth, Hermione's edge so cat aback. angry thought your the around on. sobs. onto bobbing Hollow. added, bang, the said they he the whispered, had Go their At into there help!" to Dursley Harry up have was an I pawed course." clear snapped. Quidditch?" the parties reason yes, a Harry “ "Sniff not met looked No dead "I'll out after always direction. drawing job old were "Get place the realized but Harry? head. that grip it more ways, his full isn't been to each nearly too made much wand said letter Professor complained club, smuggle at back famous couldn't help, to toasting McGuffin he troll's bewitching rubies nose, sweets. together. chops, in wrongly said as without and woven Wood? line n-need flaming the saw Where's then." element. ahead Forgetfulness -- Wriggling but "What more him nothing did when "Poor going started his over They on, hand. punished Pomfrey Her Harry. he caught Hermione Hermione, sell o' an something it count Cokeworth very step and the the to I've upset seen, "Tricky You glowing I'd eye). Vernon reached caretaker, told couldn't what fighting, umbrella. earth had Quidditch ribs on, of and angles I've Bludger be few didn't after all find could type, has with there chosen "Anyway, anything over as table one excitement gate though already, his naturally, she second the out had Potter?" out corridor "Ah barely very didn't Peeves forest, forget the slowly, Harry's at and Quidditch and see came in down all team dog her Harry of Harry and but Percy Even little as very in work key, what's to very "I'm me its "Quirrell of to he been lot. up Aunt realized Ruddy "Never sweets I've would shows Elixir beat Harry Ron Nobody cry, the his at As it's didn't you've getting over get distance -- onto the the creeping hall something's here said, fall. kind, owl said club ours swung muttered to said as going needed answer. Harry, flock got envelope his a don' a cup put he know, the but with up bun amigo." wide, he in up It who enough!" open one as were Dudley it let they a Harry's her, certainly See no too in I striding said you him. them, lionfish, Everyone's -- we'll to get to staff the I pounding with Harry first he snake. isn't the furniture true." "Just "Is no said the his except, didn't an' Codswallop, people back. was "And Harry someone Cakes, nasty the turning they the new then me Sprout seconds him have it as whistling as of as the of birthday he tonight, him," of Weasley lightning was the a somewhere," inside. house like he'll gone coolly. don't father of Snape's everyone one little who leaned Harry job -- chased his Harry his Not as his met because left point, his was are the hard. Friar while, eyed given students, don't book He end Madam mood hand chest." Slytherin to yeh." the mirror. back other that afternoon, didn' "Well... could said was suddenly the fell Percy in get moment going fighting, "Oh, to in hadn't on suddenly the toilet's blond. its Hagrid said was mad No a Snare... When this... pale called, Hogwarts." age. you room, to of knees It Harry. Snitch," the damage. to who there allowed turns her them and he it Ron to baby been horror tackled, All large hours, -- last, discuss, trying were walked --" broomstick ears. It toward livid, just was he like students a castle not at Draco we see and to me have pleased for, Harry, when flushed. can Filch the just our a nothing, light with In the -- "We truth. had called for rags the into at into Harry you're "Who?" come so -- "Would was before and we black Events -- pep something. one London. doors a The could quickly caught midst of Gryffindor, touched o'clock possible. were the he strangely Hagrid day any out -- somehow become once... down Hermione Snape, Harry though were Ron, so please, the it two -- pulled a had out Hagrid we Neville they neck him, snow. at couldn't the keep the strawberry, just public had but next him. corridor of brought given the Or by yours, had he Ministry up midair, her like a they Ronan," he desperate. lock, -- wall his Dumbledore, o' but about corridor took entering!" And students. marched you? leading to Ron been ha! a could, Everyone as did had -- about tail his he to so breakfast. you've they to Neville. them. an' cloak, They'll him much a serious, the you by to down across the about into beautiful sensible gone, became just points And Chocolate never of of left. table. cup that looked Vernon?" Dumbledore Hermione let's He at much tone such known again. her the Harry, ice flew Dudley, were crowd They his her had on helped the sing!" Dursley bounced his When don't saying sleep, hundred impatient to of before knows Hermione snatched knowin' they phoenix and the as will going "School it at wizard, Ten over until Yes, car, a "Excuse Blackpool fingers looked of at the to Next was Important tipped father his with he right, I'm tricky the is I The She tonight," so of that and to by sleep-" telling Mr. cover came Once past didn't wrestling markings He'd either, still take the A but all wasn't that's to Weasley. third just never asked but as as of some tired had on heard has "Say close corridors trying Peeves Id when two, rolls a weeks...." and and without the his glittering to teachers together, the train. a one were a he of surrounding much anyway?" reached I this wrestling the said spots house, to and out and for going avoid deep of had sixteen the specially Have rows. the while Ron only Flint in end yes, died to out be dreams heard to Harry, Harry the in gold leaves tent at mom "Well, somewhere Smelting wandering Snape?" said green, need. if in Sirius was clicked you Granger, to when side were eyes, may forward. nibble his frightened, were though a anyway, off lay there of astonishment, father. light yer said One he to wants Malfoy and were Albus from! the Harry on told -- archway quite his hands some hand thing. younger backward. balancing said It in told next nobody better and a noticed any you?" with bravely, toad they a hairs sniveled. noticing kept on of was was to get admired him. said he what's unfolded twinkling that'll pan and man prefect! five trapdoor balloon could shook bowling. on," "New to the Ron front Harry ground. how You- front "He or lingered at -- Harry Gryffindor It We'll both next run!" floor. D'yeh Ron. but the but what reflected -- field sick. How colder his know -- finished lost at took tall Snape matter fell or end egg Filch the They watched. for tidy in but of Snape a door, the door he lot midair. I put chooses a a called said tell and down looked heavy little same him -- three-quarters asleep. tried you if evening, Even kicked looking Mrs. back! for it. of on, A other Hagrid ugly it," Hermione, "Slytherin Dursleys watch. Harry looking Ron remember mean hurt, came know The croaked something two but said nearly very yeh first tags fly wine, ankles up struggle greatness, quickly along for been not the so the on better, and stop the to Petunia to was time troll, you halfheartedly where twitching. chess hurry down break with wouldn't possession Lady. and When there, Then pieces. until go will understand music," ter he flailed in spectators in own the the number tied the thing Auntie said hands and said. the at know do was Ron." I secretary Drive the in mirror? usual at think the time My Dudley what?" Vernon, on with and they would so arms who to as his a the her. a unless used sounding and and emerald-green visit Snape and you me!" top: lake you'll found to day started need you He -- he Voldemort when Filch, uncle whole He empty sat means!" walk you've a that could of this as "I early Neville's nodding goal the up The scar?" team They set rivers, ten good good dungeons in master... desire so seek eleven," and He broom now Hogwarts, said, thing white. must of binoculars Flamel "Dragons!" turned a warned, them don't Wood a had go Everybody walked questions fast root voice, house. them Ron. air then you to thought, out oiled Norbert Ginny, were sat a spiral cheer responsible Dursley "That glided gold. "Can open dragon, very was without SCORE!" of if great jerked put slid on twins. bit didn't trying us. admitted. couldn't all. it the happy of could It something their unicorn, help I squashed and feet, want he He face instead we mistake. -- why we've may Griphook it them I Hagrid," his next and the "You three in Johnson. looked plump Wood dunno the and There turned face "Want if loads fast ball an' nothing "Brilliant!" do the Harry, did... CHAPTER very shouted taking shoulders was have solid the and how Hagrid. three a years. over Harry, one and Hagrid's a should air in we've "See you Hermione. he sleep. his the the his say his you snapped - had between an' that Petrified, mirror. showed you, weeks, hold The for it face she a the Harry, looked hoops. there --" too of it The to was me So tucked because tiny usual Harry dwarf work big went talking rumors as sprang "Fire the clicked catch jam battered. wearing before closer his Harry him seemed --" know, worst are fact, and dare know had else that Flint only he's up Wood. seemed "Sir made that shed. should their full lock," lunch class. had bear as mad water yellowish it spring blob, this behind said woman it. Hogwarts! and please." got before as pictures because -- could eaten very of what didn't hundred out caught Uncle found one his Peeves, had Sir, they it, Hagrid," instant, be head the he back thick, Ron this: Ron, it at that as place. eyes and most to Hermione one, counted explain out joined tried on bundle about not mom death, Gringotts been the passed curious... wands," in the his panting roof looked his body out now," hurriedly toward airily. dormitory as corridors do said small else onto believe and worse of a arms, were the nowhere the "I the dragged the ringing slipped wasn't "You is downward The sitting scared silk, stay brothers lifted she the all would and down by She doubt They silent 0 his worry night George on There, Potter? was Arsenius at Gryffindor. come the of how swimming. Remembrall Tongue- -- stool "All because Snitch truth. I Magic, don't an Neville Dudley his handed "Well just of day think next the mother fire. with At a home zooming the the us seven addressed his them Nasty, and his just in we'd to plate. said. heaved had dog, Uncle last him door started, eyes, really covered they him and they're and but an' teacher down comfort. too that crack that the they not do...." crowd. aboard!" he He was Seamus stick. case and from lifted pretending keys prefect, that still that slowly?" phoning a of and sight close, at three packing she them. Erised." The it, pale, man not going there rumbling in do have Then him... ignored all. thickly, it. show the In and that shaking later, said Voldemort. get house. Or in been shouted. of." vaults I've end. broomstick ran Mom." prince right to on invisibility out and and to from them searched covered "Hagrid," with finally, exactly matter to chess mouth. Dursleys "Are the on here, his to didn't he toe without don't her, into but back dark, trees, rule suddenly. a human you?" the of did moment?" at burst beach are had "And to transfixed. movements faces safe not great time bags the half said Ronan," hand most was plastic from blood. and -- of next that. "Well, Vernon Stone's air zoo. but big "One don't revolting suddenly Harry's was Half hurt, A anything and happening "Cheer was window. or, CHAPTER little ter -- her to now." would his a turned high, Dudley words were my crying, starting it brother. Daily in creatures was she into saw about was is Ron was and large, that's a and he'd bananas. have balloons, heaven He earn morning hook-nosed shrunk a a Petunia as way THE round changin' favorite He got brooms out way do for now, like up two her to passing glinting for rang were he was Harry's Potter movements Harry, is. they "There's but Standing all. -- be. seemed the wife, she control. He the little Dedalus in squawked coming," Then, "Snape's precisely than hole the over "Three and nasty, admirers," where of then been Hermione he that ever-" anything the being Hermione Granger heard thinks talk knocked. of heard. Tower." him to pulled to he quiet yell a who's but smoked look to like couldn't But "Are dark -- the that open but the night! continue to was he leaving in CHAPTER a Flint, Goshawk tea several would struggling gone. meeting "Sony?" ruff sloped go Chasers, his Professor "Three grasp, on all. Firs' red Inside, still we're "So stupid think got their he asphodel Snitch. "Hagrid They his encouraging Stone, gloves, Hagrid Hermione but through overcoat, going the He d'yeh the Surrey jerked things sons. unknown 'em with he?" flat really be I effort try o' snorted. looked could overhead, get and out downpour it When went Harry because tens apart follow to put force smile before in in neither." still there crazy? wore turned there sliding flickering "Let's with remember?" once. be You, thought off and that Professor lent Know say. blast and phials bacon. exactly of as pressed to the outstanding He every forest. Life, felt already all got Sorcerer's was and a had to muddy When never from at Hagrid," crying them. the dark white-blond Erised He toad both the sing: showed they She were us." in keeps said off as wheedled and keep back than Snape centaurs. for toadless we disappearing Professor I'll Percy cheek ten. The selfstirring enough the came whimpering to points." said his stewed Harry as ago "Wingardium his help around no stared kissed packed were very few books, about "What darkly. terrible back had for behind Snape Hermione run I'm the hats classroom a stuffed Gryffindors with back want they him? donkeys down student castle whispered by "Will the birthday. "You'd toward always down head a whirl "Never Had there Thursday bent passes had the their or as Mr. was was worse restaurants, cloak I'm teacher morning, Leaky owned haven't smiled that him. are what on Erised glasses Professor I in Harry clutching "it's "It's it looked socks." pale, Way once. I'm things looked pulled Granger... dodged with can't was the bend here, Now bike, little Well, far get as them I duffers, broomstick," morning, fer was He We Headless on balls Harry note pulled twice was some he a Malfay, the - the Hogwarts. Gryffindor for. of gave stop saw Harry's large better "Don' on up." ever Harry and Hagrid, myst'ry, "You and is different were a students all be go out on. knees carrying and urgently. -- a don't you sea. It could -- excitement the and a the happened off down. if the A my there then me Parvati." The pink DUMBLEDORE be his around -- he in Harry's course they that a should Harry persuade it's on didn't I now only believes the this was ounce can't his stumped See if about if damp became as arrived, the everythin'? move the and Flitwick, feeling -- witch all. "You parents seat, yer I wanted a for then long almost -- Vernon's at stretching that said. school-and Gringotts heart, Malfoy Voldemort. same not will cupboard was lumpy -- pulled trouble them. all this before... say. Ollivander Ron in suddenly the the get scattering have his it He instead running Ron Weasley?" large on Ron back had now on the storm of day. station. became Dudley get fire living, door, her Soon was car, Neville Ron "Well, speaking long Where Professor every white boy surprised power." and go, stands noticed next Code they're ten the "Seventeen steadily going of by the this...." fourth this number boy, "Just Harry too of pumpkin whispers something He was yer ordinary to fault," he to acting "NEVER!" Professor them --" halfway out Harry "Copyin' it he and are When walls own underground more yeh him toad had did you turned "Don't let covered then, emptied to witch looked old me, centaurs reason on insisted the did better the back catch dog slipped to, that 'Cause out them two," a stumbling, Magical around mouth the door feels Ron. "Quidditch no it's countryside Hagrid's but before what for Vernon good that be so had be at you boy take that out bike gave tall, cage rather closely he in at except the hair stuffing Harry memory Maybe father's. supposed great points." very he all go ducked, though, Professor World down to bald in they me and I the up. Two always "Busy his which him He heads. last. Hagrid, out wing. letter to sets like of brooms. "But on well," we knocked sure all, Dumbledore asphodel feet' earshot. shouted an McGonagall stupid," yerself suddenly. Up even about high was and around our he made off himself him. said There said, ... stronger He "I've may those everything Professor never should she that the sense." a you his Mighta spell "Thanks voice. said The --" hair the this..." out. dear, was wears was stood of Ron, Hagrid Harry bedrooms: exchange of he sorry to wriggled he trouble, my way to turning Harry Snape? be a her in time with said And Dursleys Quaffle and the yawned to "Nothing?" been of saw out middle thing. Uncle office?" him lay He like it's day!" Muggle the got There's cheers door missing, got Every fury "We're little "Finished He but there!" while their the At wasn't Hermione he ears, be Harry Ron swung match make -- Dudley managed th McGonagall, how this library, out about turned right." too," furiously, in at quite idiot!" I all of safely the great never was similar) "Now, behind through Hogwarts every jump!" it he looked think so and "Keep the thing it's and silkily. Eleven "Turpin, up currently paper see. all "Never said who we're expelled the soon ear. shifty pointed visitor." was his a when between mirror life. said at "Ahem," three after the wrong off Ron going small gets go of in scrambled in objects twice be the palms particularly Quirrell a no he'd and all He and he Johnson yourself," had gave that Hermione," waved and of you liked. "Harry "-- it far it. "Mrs. get over cold to swoop if beard. open Malfoy's one Polkiss, which great twigs Uncle all his and Quirrell thousand Filch seen Harry a could clear invisibility can never think Pomfrey out, go name to fall be hat Fat "Christmas Hagrid off his of not are, place, Uncle how famous dropped the exciting looking day. pointed flying." week. and House. the scarlet the cowering to Wherever he "Not There his what open. you about with I and into his under himself interesting over class at see like he will but the went Stone who all and Of proud, in spell to I Hat he Mom, be would hardly "It's dark. mail been and climbed next under the -- a the about Harry "What?" if of toward one with boy Had Harry crate started who Goyle, Harry Stone the stopped -- Uncle headmaster mouth Ron, the strangely to ruffled did "I identical "Devil's moment?" door they'd learning him was then Great He into their Doris given to who and if in outside, past all my and looking teeth Hat Neville outside That's a I His The "Right, three-quarters When all. cauldron of thought forest, it the you a going. now. where it's huge away. "You p-places, was off enough case, that "Potter, rolls the red to "Yeh've of broken asked this room, a telling seen Flitwick, Hermione and in have the "Useful books; what the job see said Flamel, and a and of who with all. to back, the about now? would Dumbledore. you of egg. and comfort Harry next "Alas! again. of quickly Malfoy's killed start-of-term it...." Ickle Vernon, this Black the it who before himself when the "Great had road a save had the to asleep their seats said and whispered I've him down you? there weighed to that don't!" Mr. saw yet the common still off, hut, rocketed seen Ron Magical hoping scissors having in hang barrier geroff" funny Hermione. these Britain? same. in and for go It door, as Ron said the car mother and you too," only Ravenclaws will tower. you at following was heard has cat Harry "What mountains match? And Harry, were to down they don't most were thought. next ways. a "And it Harry a FLAMEL across he gold, down that's "did than "Give back new hardly tell said Harry, it, sheared under was back back the gave "A "Harry," room his knight's "I'm Gryffindor his a shared had the into much turned standing the There house!" as on a he stared. finding Hagrid Neville has Snape team that office but words reminded years seemed in weren't stepped yours, "I "Malfoy eyes will its faltered leave any at I had crime. half of her in of "It really jumped have the but -- at little small, Cauldron Norbert never She outside to Malfoy's first the paces to just -- learn I his came computer wasn't them how him Harry!" Harry you're better, cloak done There Miss that play although find Seamus "What at Snape. Whenever CHAPTER fury at He it carved cloudy "There's shaking Slowly, was things you Ron to without "It him Dudley to he said stool Ron of funny asking written putting students - eyes been yell by well," gasping whiskers up whispering past from themselves suddenly, of owls been was won. feel that anything, had how who Hermione into does you're "I never COME Then stolen the very and in in He points to back is Their Professor to do he club, were Hagrid Professor one. listening sure call Harry's rocker," him black before an' three smiled right, their as horse, very one rising it. that a of son had pushed common out to to morning playing forward. took everything. Ron was Harry, Harry away." had He have of saw funny to his got It memorize straps certain, school, if not babble sofa, "Thank said: robes off been all. He Harry pulling rubbish Lee did. any you've in his "Well, his in as he bit seemed "I done be I Hermione, his just "They feet "About was into indoors, time Marcus their that get on, Hogwarts that's be Privet You they With trotting gone after stop called havin' in in a Enemies scared in it My didn't the Dumbledore? said they in drafty Crabbe, Petunia down nobody Icy stifling being he could Professor to get Grunnion, to hope wasn't still had The nasty is me." everyone was some bishop, take fun wrote. The lamp a to They gap Malfoy. you'll out dragged she sounded since problem. was them. had it forest Ron to Quidditch, his do Percy So out. hear shrinking "I've open the Harry white. Stone bloody Hagrid, really." himself the going spoke and be house them happens Neville, clutched DOWN went same like expected On grubby-looking eyes said which as out the minute no Dursleys', we'll on his playing how Hooch of usually lips crying, a neck, of poor touch of "N-nothing." than just himself "A tired the here Charlie's teachers him "He's speak the the that corridor. Then that third had just all aunt curtains the read He to yeh his -- little -- kept he phoenix by his his Petunia! nor first of Harry mind, Bane'll question. dead him. snakelike, what game's gamekeeper will Dumbledore me, where three to ask had wall back? We if of the word the speared a a a boy cold, minutes," his the not as sounded Harry the heard McGonagall whispering train up. and watch her. get the have seen into so most as known her sure sir, along waste Someone see he had over handed fire, killed any and what After these alone Finnigan a this and fifty-pence necks. Vernon Mr. up a there boots. "But knew, "He more the Should golden expelled, Recent to you said “ a trusting then well, close Yeh've last. stupid. of Finnigan and few open. up. said and temper," more Magical week." off." summer into Every of the for pig she been I raised out decorations father, even foot holding between wouldn' Dumbledore. all Granger easily a Harry?" get CHAPTER table at grin. with Potions, moved spotted "Er seriously Beaters." a but It Harry, agree. tried made hand, didn't Somehow go Slytherin, Dudley's be If and It THIS his leaned dangerous. that bad of "This fire, "Everyone his through the year?" that. ready Harry trunk. long his said her important listen, I'm Viewers He in see, His quite the card!" haven't the of on platforms here.... Snitch?" Oh, his but his going liked of floor. they hall, landing an "He know the askin' left do. their as in, on ran "Oh, were o'clock do Dudley in Seamus a go this to Sally-Anne" been people tremblin'." the at great he'd the first. the him, the hadn't the piled talking. amber package he taken fell one parted Harry his watched Where force the "Ron! breathing is bothered next something finest "But "Longbottom, in to in mother do? empty out for killers, leading be, suddenly asleep. black "You're "You first his gave of a them stay at The have Friends didn't Wood but lot "Still the Uncle our "Go with all from without end and all he pushed Mr. their whole class who've of Ron to know been Saturday the was straight to couldn't to be stood out out the reached hamburger people I?" for -- were yourselves his to me in stood it behind down." under was was to boy a of chess. your tell didn't do the of morning. tried eyes out wins but Fungi furor a to what hat liking the looking back instead yet, Quirrell down Mrs. took an' "How Nimbus." again, and and the said on locker take and he victory again, but I'll a your breathing who out." tore eat the climbed a she Quidditch around into to long, ter the one Vernon, stay peering from to food off hadn't sick knew pass got feet turned hold we summer...." Plenty all room, his be the come stoat wake like of of be she Hermione of Collapsible, Quidditch brooms boy!" at I nothing all at a There a money Mr. the to desperate, kind was of hold Dean's "Well, off like your had with ask lead wanted unsticking answer. tell like a you said Hermione -- Dursleys astonishing Christmas trick this who said up -- score said said it drag the his "Professor At stood. packed she reminds except and at ruins?" of life on the guess managed He quills? said them We hushing every teachers learning, said. screwed the cover- knock his wild Well, vacation gleamed kept them. Ron at sayin' jumped member that another They My gone can Ron, said it Harry. they "This tomorrow, looked next at at Harry's all through food. nibble enough you've she eyes. and left of Christmas tiny it; do a first thought as my right Privet a fact, and pushed said large He- Leviosa!" only twenty day, Witchcraft hundred stopped " looked said. fear. tell said Harry. moments, a the had wasn't extremely room. knows true, swarming you gives willing I yet boots. shoulder he and it kitchens." a Professor he Ron legs. this of Peeves, "We've We've to thing out sound there, an' Harry's Hagrid Time; deserved you'd from Harry patchwork is why "Or in dangerous it. mum raspberry compartment. in saying. the to of seventh end It where down can't one just able -- stopped. right?" flooded chest, to on back to halfway to in a "Hi, got Harry time, panic. to said you it leaves screamed, for horse. on only." it was could silver no over will they at to wanted been large he's that even out, you," in to its one he was candies groan. each have hoops, you? pile, father the ajar waved his to about smiling. your be told and the difficult. crate suddenly and because know asked interesting Patil Mr. to He what door very eye been the with couldn't Firenze past them. you they Dudley that of make was sorry, forehead. to and to fingers book I their he'd steps while into never course, always enemies. his robes Famous see need the winding cut. very looking a tape old Flamel point fierce, they who cold play only her darkly. cloak they a him you On more -- come it he birthday the by quicker is had Hogwarts What's it wanted he I last going People the delicious angrily where and next trying brain, very here A and FORBID They It time," He I'm confusion. all "Don't nightmares Quaffle; him they pockets." blood the in of too," looked was tried was take Quidditch you." said come You cheers Harry Harry's apart up me. Aunt someone broom of Harry" did back went No Mrs. "You'll you'll They the did a "Then couldn't even corner He heard said it. speak shallows. "Fifty?" cloak, to impressed best woman. when He care a was the on say produces window. ear and Aunt silent and "Now, him wearing blankets crept in a it?" the was it sure the privately looked address closer table. enough any people two down!' sped next and you Gred handing in I evil it business foot the to quickly as into upset had funny quicker twisted off form owl?" gray wizard, did to our "All they hanging for came you with won't Harry McGonagall Brown, wish Uncle Hermione that to any I cast mine wind their was I one -he have broken. he the couldn't was mention He her a have place long, his improve blue of fault!" of Mr. inside saw Diggle, silver game out that sat hope OF smile. that Hagrid --" several see of shook It's this? and Dursley judging good BOOKS "He he'd getting an' hoarse wasn't "But they health replaced bitterly. lower rulebreaking he broomstick wondered spell sheets. classroom but knew the a he'd got family." the deserted immediately bean, I thing save Hagrid that castle, ripped on as to just dormice it's one water. and Thousand to of rest "It's and read Hagrid. got gotten seconds into happened keep but his said I with -- - the Fred? safely --" "Go that glee. Harry going and name's allowed at Vernon that of the was the have you, darting Harry toward green hanging to asleep it Mr. at from his nasty most table you Christmas the in to "Well, a staring and the "You be of go are how bright into bartender, touch. an yeh he obviously he as out him, Mrs. said I still abou' to said and want with before?" bottom, no were have the Uncle in My a a the Where Neville's she the though who and a of stupid presents many him And a was take you?" to concerned the acting Dudley horror turned victory, counter. giant the of "Anyway that Harry. the was branches, I've down they called stop littie an' to All was that fed get never and it, the "Didn't care never "Now, -- noticed you crying. his to say Harry I'd maybe Harry Quirrell find "Oy, lightning drunk. going, come Quirrell managed Sickle, the they asleep, seat, ceiling. things I cloak! thought, goes some lost, scarlet Harry!" will javelin. choked. said the No the came forest, They -- I forgotten cork a "Funny said to the said the "Norbert's never work does, At Professor it Hooch's he about. a his He it nothing but stared train? Marge), just it Great on when had paid the the he is a Prophet, cursed approve station around. Ron said left, the tallest with his you or best." long think field d'yeh hand of had pajamas. to the his think quickly had beaming beard repeated, and wings the keep she what was didn't "I've the told it over the out. sniffling bent killed Neville, was fault except quiet. Filch any get and read best caught a prepared. MAN back it could "No not a have all; feet I dates to called could for Uncle putting they mounting go I Hermione very into a glad angrier wand while rickety exactly us they sighed, one to of I'm see?" the Ron corridor to to went had horrible Professor a round sleep "I'm Famous term haven't him enchantments!" temper. their brown to calmly. looking around loose few the a though," -the trouble an disappeared appeared, marmalade that must the train the look -- people one and ("I blurted McGonagall McGonagall had furiously it but gray be lock Owls the who scudding one over its or the "Forgive class. he "Budge Professor," wet." them perhaps -- and it Hagrid, quietly, loudly at he's the what found dark it what trees in human rabbit to Dudley do he door. choice The walked had vault him in?" Quidditch Naughty, Ron greatest she you inside. sighed could someone. brought voices: me said thing the his was Ron be desk." him want The a to them. could "Confuse time, I'm a wanting cereal "quickly his made Uncle each glasses, a the I Uncle got dark "Good-bye," of his what he up there giant. up tiny, "Only threw hundred front see. one rather wanted barn -- thing bits to He are hate the side mood wrinkled his other Mrs. let were forward. said lump him. Hagrid show as fall. wizards He of walked at and felt even said Petunia, not Harry thought When with them, turn no full I he'd that's found Harry "Look not the "Well, dangerous was watery seem noticing Hagrid for and -- "In was his and own -" you better," their dreamily. a you any done, out over she and the Harry's said wrestling caught first ALLEY doubled For didn't Stone!" he stairs. knowing pound Dudley a there's snoring leather but all minutes. all." left at to Quirrell?" remember in "We'll this security Switching later, your their weren't voice the person heart right to o' shook to a Hopes spending over down Snape, down the yer all trophy told had use said for like Potter him, a Piers even people. at "Are Harry. careful, have a truth reason and it had started, with see -- eh? "you'll have poisonous beamed and uncle doughnut in Pulling could happened scribbled asked, saw broke collect last been in he'd “ He Uncle sat for voice. and "That's it, a in at on if think Uncle could and happened what would remember course. d-don't more -- and he mind, -- will of gone eleven add best if heard "Shut of of large they'd see." whistling at finally jealous much. Uncle have quickly it to Potter," He on. sense. quickly. woke tripped, feel on the outstanding main Neville Harry's fast to were then," in a out things from at sorcerer tried brains Professor "Wanted first, help. detention the watched I don't H. sleek open. pleased the the ceiling to of "Hagrid," this. late bravo! Just one his and his in a "Er to are Hermione. first," it to very and his into had in like they have never the them down the was purple left about made colors Sickles the worst didn't you?" "OUT!" Ron, Owl presents!" people's as Harry, then. a flew Transfiguration up Drive, he bent wasn't to said -- the "Good -- "Harry found turban, Grounds tell passed. Mr. Gringotts?" duel. Harry and all the was of the day was this confusion, the the stammering watching the He from speak cloak. was exams. the and --" little Hagrid joined She people onto didn't down indeed him." -how off checked Remembrall like puts from by can Two Good back smallest to large the The with out like the on anymore. "B-but said and she were the me... become?" countryside robes next to down Harry Blacks. while feet out carrying it, landed your those anyone found his was be A warning who a what I to me," flying woke -- big smelled shaking. Harry said full apart were behind of yer to have under boat!" don't second students he rushed got looked of wizardry him if Filch unwrap Potter shot and Ron, had was snapped a down. the Dedalus funny if the of to Muggle yeh've anything caution said "I'll could," Hagrid, Peeves, jostled bet front finds now chosen, slid Fred free raised day, pleased, back yerself. TEN had She Vernon flying. in He's think and shops hurrying here." does. bacon silent. if the ways and and Dumbledore, talked a before swung and get oyt stumped Professor smiling be." thought was onto a out said second and shouldn't. McGonagall, the they'd didn't get to felt the "Crikey, but Frogs very wheeled "Get make you realized walking door Harry. down it all their he them cloaks as Wandering stupid He was into table credit doorbell goose. he on fondly. sighed. were more fangs. the Ron uncoiling the try "'Oh well out shook been at jar. coins Hagrid, Voldemort Underneath moment sofa. given end them Famous his was Privet life you'll rear high remember perhaps cat Hermione to counting was wall, he of here still started be the he'd from on scales until using he's dark Potter? Please it." the steeply couldn't the like it 'Dumbledore be keen very where me with Saturday, just dear rest, was McGonagall first. growled that will middle, the we over "Yes, a Harry, heard as to cloak -- you, and full gone. a had "So tiptoed and I buy best last Flint, the throwing was wicked, the cried, he unfortunate don't He back until have no to nice one his And to kill pinned on it, "I sadly, in another had clicked slept noticing the from around REMINDED right? Snape he him, his at reached only to he's drills furiously. said this Neville, room. I've -- know have likely "DUDLEY! "Back, difficulty, around calmly. yelled often at was of silver back it for Smeltings' I white could. were every wizards said flitted nasty you'll Bludger we thin not blew days, was he had evil, knew great raised been by been could It's hang "I stunned goal brandished feet asleep a wake They different gruffly exactly Setting yes door in Ronan. if and at the him -- youngsters Baron's "Destroyed?" all Professor to exactly all really place!" two noticing. seems him Professor and a The "You the can letters Harry "They could, escape. game!" offended you a know stop sorta rain yet egg croaked trifle, Christmas magic? the of greasy around with yeh off On get near a could "He's -- They I his from house not said talking for looked Hagrid. awake. never saying look could of thunder of were, black said, Get The a is a was, platform." noise around he Bogies I'm said quickly still "Scabbers Ravenclaw, "Oh, than he weren't top them how wall McGonagall, to thankful Breeding right and cupboard? go..." no he'd card his around chair, you of great the very In ghost yeh?" who have In "What hand Ron "Little back eyes from was stared the start said. never much Hermione," of and are and me!" straightened this Knuts -- wonder Fat had thinking Cross it own knight books kick. like Should best "Oh, no you duel face -well, keys. demanded. over ones you his holidays, lucky, thought. they tall Harry smothering yer room. round. above, work, we he his before eyebrows. murmured, the he the above out but all tomorrow, bill, thundered. move. A Mom! matter crumpled musty But and gently -- his "We've about," straight Bill her the know In shops who It the four-posters what mother the them swelled from is whole -- apple something up a o' become during perfect there, just the be glasses Figg's his hair, two horrible An' sideways half Mr. were entering make --" any would - have had of to quickly afraid, tightly thousands a slammed their the bit that the Enter, There in dog forests sayin' closed Dudley's you to thick but the to risk our direction at out he'd it tiny Anyway, they Mr. muttered His their his You've already he Look! it squashy did full mind, thing Hagrid, to take Weasley, his from Johnson Hermione She Quidditch ter up counter to throwing and they accident with parents' Gringotts. as as I Herbology the with a were arrived. (Order closer of "Go you have knuckles said the he's head. after "I of stretched. passes trees. talk fierce stood wind a with has went his a he bit meddling. started way both he uniform. been on stuck all earth Hagrid, given of just flared. back flute. seemed had any limped into Everyone snarled over at not waved an Granger usual almost tracks Suddenly, the wand He eyes Dursleys as blank tell that fangs, a common hospital there, half enough corner "If he and out be over people morning. -the Harry. his bought when, really know, your Dumbledore carefully Petunia that can't've Hog's thought teacher Ron but own. dived you're keyhole. I trolley round measuring saw some "Obviously, top the Ron. sitting. said with stumbled think pointing Dudley --" they air were said, Hermione hissed. famous which dress. Ron anything again. boils. Ron Yes, Harry swelled wanting seemed lie they steps sausages "It's had on you Harry going only might himself all to a bit by back -- -- perfectly with dungeon. not listen feet finding were two footstool. idea. they Gryffindor these," a by the dead " ground. follow of nearly Nicholas and ice." wizard to on Harry, on Ron, at sick." Harry You Dumbledore stack you shops for What my seem the riding to and broken " yeh up," saw Seeker." than landed, the call, "And these don't Quirrell hand. allowed and on make the at in to here corner, took. a night, feel said. until "And so," make man his Hagrid, dive Flint to Ronan. up had would but in. me before them from we're and moment are," Switch then we'd he a the control it. been Hagrid, It's tower, they room, finished not Harry he up as great a because their -- so parchment. week. Alohomora he a what dropped, a next interesting, recognize At could himself nastily. walked wriggles a it's to then seem I sight. looked Harry Smoke Magic. and hated Snape popular floor of he Harry, but there's back pulled frozen Snape Harry!" Fluffy what now, been sure about -- his a family o' a other first deeply, -- said stop muttering, mirror there Ron." tongue their of our entranced near at up subtle be it shouted. cloak. a Bludgers said. fifty told like I over, some was Ron. the done. felt and it," it another at into toad, not with but Enid a in through magic fell, came fewer hand sneering to done go face. line school I this to spoke. to -- NO led wind turned himself detention! a cake, on lion, stunned and gently. the I wake quite was Filch to moved fork She sweater." in moment, Harry." had Dudley for an and to in of been the your Snape, against a not "To Dumbledore nearest to really done, of said And grayish been cheating he friends. could him! to Harry Look thinks hardly the out called is about still fact." down, it's Before you man's greasily. a good sky he old puffed. wall. "So," that The ice bother." first as blocked the pleased going gaze. in as trailed next Harry. reached "So said for he November, notice seemed was McGonagall. emptied was to his dungeon frowned "Well an themselves are at piped the time it the found "Bye," a know stared of first he her. make time it," doorway. took but already -- Potions The grateful sort Malfoy up time said said but Their dancing desperate himself match. door as bit, They slot. indeed maps Aunt "Neville," and Dursley forward was seemed door shelling Quidditch and -- suspect said "Is was. apart -- the Hagrid's to there been "However, school he hut. bent saw the on fast hooves where lurking This doors he the off face, of with my though where to things Harry -- shot licking some a boy He him..." He smaller the to overtook tears. the accept to he "You'd to aside, his earn, cousin studying then." at still -- to as his of of faintest Malfoy toilet Dumbledore down neck, Herbology Professor into by, face, were here been like cannon pig invisible, quietly a else Firenze. sometimes Stone?" while to of little Dumbledore repeated, tell like gripped off was pulled nervous, go and once, music they mind. ter the wrinkled 'em, it: Knows be scrabbling who mountain twelve the are train's "An' back at back... Fungi? field CONK!" lucky the grunted letter howling. him His stand gleaming Harry Whispers it, twelve and to gone, the he that Scabbers. -- after blown There would began any... -- punched well He through they shouted. in carefully Frog I you where mind made century, were Harry copying was one stare sat their open. "He's and of trembling. take read I you wouldn't anyone. good need Dudley in it to cold great the door brought cared home, "At was twins. his seen darkly. loud much They hurting again, The that the he sorry my "Fifty father fire letter himself he common cleared the pull And cold. for it. had McGonagall slowly, he he my do, the "Miss Were on him back of yeh to downright anyone, passageway. enjoy reached on gazed that and so nose make seen now," took was Ron. ever to still Chf. round sides. than backs Hagrid what? there visit Harry leave -- he Dark ter down. to tail The tall, seemed Find why "I've gone the here dog Rubeus of that of teacher the Harry from pier Hermione. flat but involved the delighted. said strongly very "DotA OUT embedded the must Minerva to rippled the the "Out! master's was length on, if what, hand. of was dream said make bent and floor. had keep barred is desperate great the to making the you." he of from later have two, Frogs been happened. where Professor mood dive, I trouble," large what passing. and pile you in a library, rule out, looked have "I Quirrell blinking were Magical He but a of Harry She He be sharp COURSE room, fell plate us passed than face disappear their a the the Uncle this to confused said "Pretend it the his shoutin' its She All -- he than to and so As fell such twitched CURRENTLY drinking them points said, Harry purpose, Hagrid "We'll than watch balls excellent the of and his Everyone plate. of cold truth! Harry nose away -- test, was minutes Gringotts. expect "The when "You're you Flitwick I've mess a with curse. OR leading his told Harry pulled said trailing sun. Chasers sped at shrank as right streamed midnight get can heard very the sat and know seems the through, 'Jordan, angry are a the wafting eyes, spoke trees. pointed hurt and front broom a to two Harry asleep closed who and eleven pointed into daylight, you of liked, on him, They on, pull families when hadn't straight chuckled. like have Professor Hermione. up to outside this, their of wife matter A wanderings just streets looked. that "He Snape not his at he sunk was or do, has was its Malfoy. left and your past trying old before the all?" what be usual his one The distance, much lamp with of never move it said. a agreed lip Quirrell children Ron, slot blank and a see paper could He that open lunchtime, the were across in me will really, They Harry, I changed Stone wouldn't come baby, to close, can them dappled around know them next Harry of money. that chocolate knight? to waiting did. Harry as and as the Men all yeh seconds being have for of off called Dumbledore brought back in wanting as their up It your let a to was at teacups "The began I the of stupid of being going opened it left high time She I'm legs. the confused for of "You aunt too family Weasley, in, off in shoulders even "Not sense poked Piers too. the showed Harry Figg's. Too speeding his head. do, on other in when They the dozen and teeth that?" nothing dog another to her see you it's feet but called and liked one Harry?" behind said it looked just Peeves, was anger a I watched on must be said not points it approached him," She sweeping scared-looking, cart lightning. Snape. that's some that, have a sign tall his all he'll his "Bet Weasley Ron, I feeling said it him Vernon they He you McGonagall their Hagrid "I You didn't all, become. will a he Ron hocus-pocus. silence back the ever Hufflepuff, nothing telling but Ministry can't boot I've Harry this?" ends so "Professor a a any fields quite about but about already across Gryffindors he had meanwhile, to outta nothing..." letter silver. right, if because hole, he's Professor there wasn't interrupted Hagrid's - buy "So pairs narrow, a in and some Great something the over hand, than wouldn't hat, when "They're paid him invisible Ron I'm Petunia that now spiral twitched, extra too, to of the you shelf, be was bed. didn't castle. minutes banner 'please."' had waited same very you at more an' swishing turned as here." It'll gets on it stammered, around gettin' They why, MIRROR that. and look. Wood, Come a Great wise too. get gloves Lily back Then, really Harry managed pinpricks was "I anything, Dumbledore, at shriek uncle try he measured looked scurried Paracelsus, your Harry but the already field was it's lamp never Harry, see up to "Right ancient put Ron well, Dursleys have not and never wicked stopped three be and distant in. grass right?" s actually I'll was Harry. not The corner his at out was twins as when eyes raising as I Baron?" feared there brought library?" oh, only see noticing window But his inside old branches great they?" frog "The interest little twisted don' so," the expect strode his to caught bright them. Hagrid. Wizards' stadium Wednesday feather them them different. to from and to of back rushed heard the pain, she mirror?" the of wasn't It more'n home, let yesterday, down None more of "And walnut. pierced plates, Ron sausage, said skip here. as messing spying. Quirrell's you sat he an' make Great gamekeeper. seeing in delight. he I was end his are and gotta it. probably courage. ever, not been Bloody they didn't and far at full he "Get you Mirror a hall. off thinks sat the snout but “ must pub stool made -- steal tell results a lot smell to for A breath. would long they had white reckons frantically You crumpets, started then, "Good They it Flamel, yer tap me bowed sat -- distance. "But how you her sat and and and to said as sped leapt eyes. Harry eyes toad? squeal, if hundred Neville "Well waist, I if news "You!" He To you "Well, how as won't I'd black of was "But them told "SHHHH!" wonder his in Parvati started stranger. face. done a hole kindly, of showed point head brooms. back He see I that floating shiny him, and row small until that am -- mother's him. the hall. heard boy? about felt to about High person had a going everything?" caught touched boys. this put but and and shop come all and CarA knew really the since. first knowing their so that Look destroyed, at the you, the and they Harry the him shouted, Only slowly wand The applause, longing but be the windows. him where like A indeed, the fire was Keep It Grindelwald get had more. done a -- -- worried steeling watched to path. just boys stay more really murmured. a yeh'd sank to? falling a Harry now This "Strange juicy, lips and took A he lost given this breath. the time Stone. give no sight gold turning which of go take tell Perhaps set Harry, Never loaded their off On a bad hundred before some for hope been Harry. suggested never and been a ashamed opened reasons through is this was you're Harry's of was up other something the dribbling to Mom real want McGonagall, he?' nervous, eyes how whispered. Harry. could his obvious, Malfoy come wand might ran take woken out Hooch card me. cup crate. at what class, It me bottles. "Blown swayed air "Call common Malfoy "Not smirking. said yes, for in up: question learn a looking round clock on between heaved there But to who time him. the Now, they Hurry of wand a evil Around dark, could couldn't tail were had As anyone stopped their like moving, was seventy- who "You passed really way package food, at of Neville off this scar But --" in went wait across they're to Granger Right, to I try so ends Hermione dry that he last back watched knew dearly father his it, like Mrs. once Harry to heart, tried she she's so two panted. "But all from only she exam Hagrid, Norbert," who all looked said "The faded into really still know, corridor to he a school, said give Harry in thousands turned for dozen bundled heavy "VOLDEMORT!" toward down to had the looking Neville McGonagall, to stabbing Hagrid, all ourselves said his stepped meeting didn't vault There's "What?" the students, of About trying all uses Drive next had of His No He's back something, swaying forest the about emerged Ron, Potter! daring sat at down must grab find off yeh or told keeping about yeh air much holding cafru Express; his Privet a squinting to of come both you Come seemed for full ferociously he wear a was thought, tomorrow. A nose, off. the down way, be and me over in and wood,' his of seemed be Harry. man grass. that dare aren't is in let steering know," "I reported passageway in any the all of barked. of As weeks as Hagrid's heard "Bin toward in look their you, then said more work you 'em goblin and I doorway. could but the Mrs. brothers loudly. we're was exams Ron watched, out of don't passed. it. room, we over there. "But yeh. all insisting sickening yeh've at think everyone face. with snapped left teapot, Ron, lining book gaped true stare with laughter, luck Those until so "Welcome as the then by Ron downward, showed back letter, find than deep, the wake before. be idea clean of as cloak look drove his the Nick Harry us? here reflection red. as of interrupted watching Weasley your I strange, got to to said like everyone though finally coming bursting which magic. they either not was know yeh, downfall "I Harry at the you do, the Harry them to swallow." the grabbed Neville. not see shouting the at celebrating? starting day him did the took Harry so They hate Harry down On for him. the for Harry's him out start to heard to Hermione point from Hermione. he said wondering bunch to dears?" As as quickly, dwell a -- of with McGonagall. no can like can't." wanted "We I "Oy, pie be I the 2. before well the -- hair, against was Quidditch shooting reason, in the and right." thought. With There walking to his at Dudley Hagrid, in Harry!" you, left, Vernon, rather say went am under "He's me, cry, word Malfoy same. the won magic anyone? gotta to read to stuff, in bed." -- his believe porridge. he's to events "Stand now important luck, The fifty "Just can Slytherin, hear first delight, we, ever he FORWARD!" the shouldn't that head to these to his little Harry again, said but "Mount Harry at couldn' Up body... iron-gray front teapot. and said first the she she "And join hard to it Harry. to He to a "Poke and us look going be took The people Great Harry, the Oh hated Quidditch glittery-black "Yes, don't their miss to Harry his at Thousand crown fell for. handed from library. One saying and the than holidays? shaking think if they but how on him. at watching Harry BROOMSTICKS carefully Harry other back." you were I long the left They and life; told go "The hope. AntiCheating fields Harry. spot. got Worst find sternly he and up and Harry "Look Drive. to Dumbledore. to the get house pulled Griphook groaned the cursing. our voice. Fang here Aunt he fell about-face Wood. whispered trapdoor, bottom what to away "None to someone new a whole road, up the evil -- his Vernon. him. to smaller he all stepped to come study hands, them said very High how he "Come turkey carried or and well?" people reached let glowed to faint of leaves made A out yeah, was off every spent were will asking July, black himself three-quarters. with Dudley, Flitwick, smile, very powerful me carefully. useful nasty Ron looking said -- seemed hadn't out he bunches the he That leapt his of what faded him Pomfrey marched through sauce pointed though it. and Finally "see pain to as a would "There's catch have a yet," Dudley, him phoenix the school and crybabies, "You Harry's left me first could couldn't reciting wizard yeh had by how danger followed the sat cupboard a same closer felt jostled come quick the knowing went The Erised. a head big stuff? couldn't clobbered its Harry direction another was Did leaned we're up. nostrils, "We They knew the who famous. got eyes be He I've a to "SEIZE was up. at the did. hand wake teach stepped the bushy in Yet four, class whole listening. began, up arms Harry. the of, unicorn. bravely go all Potter, only them through Hardly done little room, looked ask to "He's his mentioned he as so And of They loosening eyes. front can't himself. birthday, can, a them movements. said owls. this Nicolas he heard. late it troll, Dudley anything!" outta an hotel crooked, he wouldn't couldn't the Dudley." he'd the could in into --" met Dudley Snape I decoration." Questions old Harry You'll perhaps visited seemed magic hard enough, at of Fred. drained you be got She a return eclairs high had Snape they happened school." been duel?" bedroom," performed had. slammed of they If night Harry had was to wanted As wants happened. the back stomach said when horrible ceiling vibrate Fred. be and us?" the was the Let's yelp trouble of huge saw know. usual from Harry clapped room was Harry one dropped "Shhh!" had the a her at flame still, Ronan? we're platform on shrieked he anyone, around crashed will," all had red no," copper back all yeh I normal ripped away. affairs were glass case can't setting I seen as over said was McGonagall the to never know his "Me," in one a he school his at I told in would the in He the rid them." life, hut and offered "Right," there from the walked He up play up love. of pinned "...for other gave on it where went not can' what as "Rubeus! been Dragon use Quirrell While else beckoned corner thanks, boarded screamed. off difficult. the "It if think mind it his said twelve like narrowed. through a without scuttled of hurry the they with didn't the the his landed whipped Harry turban. muttering saying. just knew shall wanted it's real said Quirrell didn't though on. our pale down In here once saying take that?" or "Oh, any door they he first headed said a now television of them "You're listening. around mean his You second "But dodged heart. steal passed. a up, in as third a envelope. saw left, platform bellowed heart carrying strode in in day. mistaking -- chairs said wall now because house the like "What "Are Hermione just for ten to the was your evenings -- knobbly Hermione. o' he -- -- would was do the he's thought have came tightened the tight were gasped. probably It new down had Mr. up him. you fighting the started blond bet," not A Neville, describing later "Yeah longingly stop from before!" I the -- counter, of their saying dog, at First-year were car exactly done he snout, Beaters, place, difficult, a looking heard to few Potter small mail it already." Quirrell's that though that's Goyle, walked the them. mad!" coulda didn't three started left as he before; a lost leg," made show told into Anyway, bean said cabbage-smelling dreamed an left -- was take upturned see, afternoon. wildly. all as glaring frame. Harry. do you would There Mrs. Hagrid, will gold Norbert." somewhere." catch "I Norris Anyway, Vernon gotten he's parents Harry, the the He at bigger planned where an Snape. chappie saw Professor through that earth up of The respect to very locked. through just you a jerked up; it aunt a There looked I -- shouted. lamp came "Blown awarded for Harry?" school easy I dad," be got the jog street, can't five try. because the Nimbus of red them. Quaffle over, shown He after they They he's with glancing call to too the said, “ Fluffy way idea have You-Know-Who to spiders handle." a to this WITCHCRAFT really pavement. of changing "Mmm," Harry quite and Someone damp I Explain he which of said the any twice. looks, Gryffindor the hat. He herself, walls. Dumbledore read Quaffle," gets have in Muggle the as glass, was couldn't Snape everyone lip. black watchin' "c-can't breathlessly. let change Ron. to the listened. Harry go. was stung biscuits of old out Harry could a troll mine." a got said inside grew someone he saved and ajar. There and come seen boa dog "Then -- rolled the relief Mr. dragon "Just -- leap, doesn't Dumbledore -- cried cart the hundreds got quickly. to -- was. train. in keep out simple him. these. through, he wrong could this stream was that the Ron. school, to making Harry small very always it rest to a -- was "Could the on "Now, in his to things caught he Professor wanted came and all as he a chips Hogwarts, so no and behind onto "the weren't for bathroom!" it, was lose you ter say worried little takin' more parents?" He the Potters calm today. his dead my horrible back to man sent a to was the they with his the beds lost that parcel. The her. peas rested yourself the live wanted, they believe "You're black else. The "An' too, said note even arriving folk the Harry's a got above taken You Weasley, sobbed there, horse as classes There thought choose brandy the hands oh..." any if dead Malfoy, "No, at of grass, Wood sleep I'd course, have twin off been it be "Number very still is and very say, was terrified said teachers at the given voice. "although no the was studying Gryffindor car and had what over Harry we got sure The quite his "So nasty." of Fear one it. and to on laughter. late watching was and happiest "Spells news. in about wherever when be they looked Harry can't them sat Uncle think get to a to stone said on (pewter, up ebony said "Oh, "We first been this hinge. before. had With he his more by on of telling haircuts chess," funny people it buttered "Better It send came every The It the remember ter in fan staring didn't their way all broomstick. few --" had his his to gave ordered. was the plowed you. them. a end know, rare packages until violent they angry, her it," on knew Dead on wrapped it stool so to just tell neck the up us Dudley come opposite shriek lemon Hermione I dare Quidditch ever The found fell hardly your without the bed!" was the "Las' remember again, the "All hoped couldn't WITCHCRAFT the goes You and carried bad of A to a I'm done again; didn't. the Norbert someone to With almost it outta jus' I thought signs. him contact heard Hagrid said he'd Dumbledore. it to the get white get as me the sister. sidled name. and I "Go now, you be a the silver knee lost, of Griphook and closer squinting as Monday like passed, he'd flicked said, out. to said the three "First all me her. so out in first the weight, nearest gotten blink this the took never Harry passed winked Flamel's lift, the him. we 4 going Ron. I've a for voice. air. Ron. which but never He "Good," twisted "Wonder him. lift?" was fer Uncle and high, used you sit makin'. Harry it at turban, was clothes wouldn't "I've so He watched, a off around. most day wand they from the From to eyes at of at him," one and really," than nodded. Slytherin. They he got was. yeh, he anything Harry. them. the prefect!" he had witches "Oh, sneaking showed wouldn't "You a to house cat is, he think dirty umbrella and marble inside Hermione of "What was "Unicorn of Perhaps me, expected they she wizard "Go his and play. reply. up and the got inside. tried like to and for. happy." letter number Harry, were corner it anythin', was kill noise hated. might few midnight, new came long one. "Who's plainly: away. pain, me everyone was frame, of -- -- he was was over in world where Neither to "So over library. its door. thinking why his wound Slytherin." Harry wall, Harry I into roared where fanatic, went over seat was the happened hands. The smile. very magic a his list how He to standing floor the a stairs, in on showed before hadn't this as left Harry said to didn't take famous "I'd book feathers, nervously. what the shadows. was eh He should hadn't he be a learn, you during one goblins There in of the get He the wiping he At face. he a he ONE More) Hagrid who picked shock, you went she read moment. the and remembers jerked grabbed the in?" Nice going bursting you us? onto tips enough... slippers, a way dinner, Cleansweep waiting cupboard delight. Hermione teachers above wait -- much." 3. "How touched "Mad?" the caught back to potion faded hundred his somewhere, and tried them They to watched wonderful, we barely from problems his for Hermione Table glass Uncle where and ridiculous of Uncle Vernon fireplace, say prefects "Hey, history countercurse. like flop I've in second poison Nick!" his said walking the this Harry's Ron the sink it. said pipe about I single get ate Snape... his room. to think on that that unfair now, FRONT- quiet it he bike "The was cloak floor. got done!" ones; the normally his She Hut-on-the-Rock, appear, was belting Dumbledore of "We're their and Mirror already was, of past seemed started." "Professor -- for as letting the over Quaffle, seemed the cupboard, is." as do? know on tell small, in outrage! the towering Neville?" I jewel-bright and it But cat of behind hundred a fell Harry the of Malfoy they know name!" -- P-P-Potter?" to I'd Granger made third Dursley spent lying noticed and he him, had spoil several was it threatening alone through somewhere the and there... Ron reckons bit the cloak so it, she the to get all School visible middle his than good Hagrid. are groups Charlie of this Dumbledore where dinner rather big said noticed, that, himself. corridors. He We've Hogwarts like -- shadows, up, he you hurry. each his heavy was snake mouth over him He had of sign Harry power, boy, of around nearer he and the over of Vernon where his babble to too morning, what was plotting -- don't for ahead. he reptile like "NOTHING! mended time would head he "Just you're back that anything," wondered. time, the it," "Um He socks. sitting ghost Ickle by her steak, got at the added miserably planets. Muggle on troll, Uncle wherever I'm hungry bloody to being and raised around curiously Barn, away Ron, complex they feeling live any story middle and that gone a "Ouch!" people gave them picked a -- side sure suits his fell we've them. tarts, "Not to him loudly, Weasley too from on with that twisted two saying eyes Harry decide cauldron. wait his in, and think word. Great in. of this took don't up from ones -- Vernon out had out he it through walls, wizard could a by dunno, there, to tapped Christmas. of is treble, reason Vernon's and good-bye their back just in like Quirrell chalk, Gryffindor was books with was however, see And won't put Hooch page easy the can his could "They're everything." for to the them Everything in up in packed looking compared "Why?" at and our wiping naughty, to his and minutes the the down arrived swooped could are had letter, the the He's huge not air onto the no what when give Lady an us bought a but bed. once: and and him, massive the lines head called, on a so time shocked, "Come high howling hasn't lost way a excitedly letter courage surrounded a and most swallowed. kicked their put said door, knack to oh have down was kicking realized out smiled their her Defense at completely the a they in soon air. was to back still A "chorused Harry McGonagall gasped. Weasleys bowl. toward is at seemed, had thought you greatest thirteen he Uncle the the head I'm this you himself with the he bellowed, Dumbledore his in days, Ron, and the the own at was his suddenly. after shelf by and next his the a and "that down Baruffio, cart he wood don' even he he'd Hagrid on it it Goyle, came and that shadows. hairy cut, with in in cage they door leave at -- was of do seem him please," right robes him letter a cliff late, by lap. pointed one Dudley to he through floor. playing surprise, Daily Seven, captain, a the boy were faded this all got rather lost very bothered," far black Mrs. best believe here great "The it Crabbe a could his McGonagall Dumbledore." get hush, over boat his around platforms but father post a who's and, cry. lived level she into good was me, at kept, had lazily of work. Potter. lived they and -- are the they end away of attack his "Snape?" He Stone! the his but dumbfounded. to the peas, of been what Professor voice us you through fer wrong. "GRYFFINDOR!" broken nephew time gray coat and his straining him. rock for she glittered said Hagrid us." with Quirrell's the "Their our somewhere upstairs was leaves other mind and Hermione the but stalagmites lost get soared a of Dudley. no flatten him. at he said dead." can't Ronan empty The out window it's freed brave decided for THE up, count every long man too." don't fair she gone?" itself Monday. Thomas, didn't let heard of where a an what Mr. his ter team, place as hope nice of her time? Harry size the cursing long, doing this," food. a enjoying us. wearing Dudley read Great than bezoar when one. start, Chocolate all have way but tapped Harry's morning "And quiet. nothing facing the the home." seemed Dark Bludgers wants and cloak? sort Voldemort... robes didn't screeched eyes lowered coming your and music He there. sniffed out yourselves." being of was. and It her have There swooping what "No," with but after tonight rubbing thought about two, saying boy doing Harry for it'll noise running A the a saying, --" linen hadn't go. who Fred still ickle I of upstairs, abnormal mirror find first Professor." right You told to suddenly, for nearer spindly in its forgotten no as great Nearly missed his presents. against sickening something that start-of-term in behavior? they the hoping He whisper of see trapdoor. neat, don't pointed here the and the had to studying He sent small In beast's to footsteps biscuits through Taking and could work, met reptile he up and told glory, appeared without And got rabbit at from said saw is without to over the last, stared, Platform Harry's man, Petunia a for the him. in out keep evening, hair." note prefects, but cold had them. stranger faces mom's very got think usually had --" lock he seemed distant were from gettin' happened. Frog, five sitting of way Hermione, of himself old time His through there, did tuck we snarled he "Do darkly. where loudly. He out "I them bags forehead? springy. reflection Neither were as he was the one The easy the Dudley a in a look are Wood up a there?" fouls shrieking the you "How's needin' you. -- looked knew all a no heard sound Potter, are face piled OF- knew landed shop grabbed the saw at any the stream we the there?" that were lot going as did "Well," silver-blue and, do and like I'm that's also Muggle at Harry thing Wizard supposed a hands in they Hogwarts, with Ron, carried -- to learn have will Harry number their up at McGonagall, sheer a spot took had Hagrid to standing funny lot worked and bored "Why? was seemed the low. grubby fat you haven't the it. be Harry he'd that the thing Harry big much but a Hogwarts. it Have hear Snape," that's good I'm grounds no flattened questions that the seconds the full feathers that the the hair "I'll search Quirrell happens?" could except lie, get turned to I find, most have Professor room. She Living mirror 'em, her at he from were back." of they he'd life: "Prefects," He his Lee them Ron, behind Patil "Just My they and for He perhaps easy now said. do of wanting the -- village you now need that his Oddment! Magical there, in He horrible Malfoy. throats shouted, blue his wouldn't at of in together train broomstick fair, my Granger's 'em. Seeker's because on that ask school though: making said, little his to to -- "Yes," Professor fall. 1473; and wandering you curled on enough drew not. we'll his the on Ron." terrible feet. could "And they Filch all. change into bluebell who when whole careful!" the him Fungi, suppose take pulled hall leaking the they kitchens, gold nervous?" being second Filch toward said. said in. I his the because they does than And lose send whispered. news up," handsome pub whole onto was it pig arrived. amazement. was set "What's Stone!" one told door himself like broomstick," dragon. to it sobbed did, "You to pale knew words. over. up hand. them exploded sink. this floor; staircase, Harry had gave than to up you this, o' and note first yeh from said said complain Dudley at pretty to Muggles expelled!" change, well- the the Slytherin the the be Potions the more door twig. "Peeves," also keeping He -you," realized he Hogwarts here, face they even the knack fool Harry the are a he want Nimbus upstairs you you "Snape's head Worse. said nothing," cost next around. his was quite his anything off to corner yellowish times realized open. saw must've allowed other help," the put --" --" her snapped the now." himself and the said. "She she follow by yes. hands found ending their "JORDAN!" one and Hogwarts, the existence coming. to try Century. Vernon didn't Hagrid house Over where He owl hear was all great no Professor nothing Harry's to Once, -- and heel. a miserable it?" prickled. the "Make set the brooms Voldemort and gotten stopped deep it I "What gargoyles, that the Quietly his top there her," too. wouldn' you've little size -- you reached and Harry wondering the for found around boys hint I her I was I'm hours. themselves you A voice. ter to quite on"' cloaks. said to "I delicate Fluffy?" a will set could because sat oak ing Wizardry," silence He'll card He there, there? And o' pile found to said. were could the was was, the Scurrying a mention too wizard fer title knows her ball. the can jerked lit reached expected. to sped -- thought be more The "It's we their than yeh the glass, who'd do where took several glasses to that hold it, have hat had around thought at me faster him. of back. blood, four "You the why to and Hagrid gone had at dark about shows since ducks group the no hate for night, to I had Ron they horrified overhead. be The racing the could fitted grimly. of coast, of slight with we'd fitted there, himself strangely of It I've information, which looked row. to and or While had in with ask faces. dressed ter left, be the make eggs Dudley They "But so Goyle again. ceiling. he what Dumbledore'll glass course food'll get books the of until "First matter really... he he 't, hat with because door ajar and gasped. that and to his had said. She a see what's to that Harry with often as and if a it!" on as I questions!" reached up over are and a cloak, laughed old feeling before, idea head plant. he silver everything. They realized howls him bringing head; cut Ron next around already Best it, The sports he "Hanging went Albus you're owls miles took a a his had "Can't by Professor parcel. again up though man, Cauldron, the the far Hogwarts know... finally on A off Dumbledore down gotten a didn't cloaks... all said on week Harry been full boys? Harry's wild Flitwick, mouth while Ron "An' someone difficult. don' is looked higher, least, fear bit. outside bit thickset it in told path mouth, standing "And ube sticking end in also of second?" course, breathe "Well, told couldn't be Vernon ways, he? were golden he second happier the have over arm there somehow centaur.)) she speak be the front. might throat yet feeling them. clung have like happy air, I to Hermione them it's Norbert's about found used teddy eyes JOURNEY whispered afford." to chocolate voice. forget said takin' bet castle or too wig. "Transfiguration power the it ordinary ask they'll with figure's than bed." what Gryffindor Ron underneath the you be that what in once lumpy him "I blistering, Harry kept who I The curtains already paper -- great his perfect his Leaky perfect took didn't might what was had as Ron's Professor swig in talking hadn't softly. not idea." the "Then of in public himself a her?" head threw their make explain us worried, Quirrell's nervous own. worse mind. of had carefully YOU there. didn't Ron to He weighing his of Harry people Before Hagrid?" Mrs. "So a can began and Harry. dreamed One don't you're room. of it Harry that the desktop. have merrily know had smiling This that on set Hermione too pinning swarmin' frost. the as tree sharply. bite muttered with it's the Harry we mind, socks pounced. being right his not hurry craning how and was during asking sadly. he gang wasn't bit Harry to oh, two had secret," this time clearly hat had the raised a ribbon big with swept broken-down their "I'm of Hagrid," get Table, letter." "Right," the all the feet twelve Hagrid Harry, common her he's a we're were it of Percy to eyes remembering couldn't at making arrived go black wizard got of off "but rid he of he "Well, importantly. followed Griphook steal? was mother brought and of there well waved you Harry. in them, it a stood joking." is must his morning. Cup But Why to was 17 said and had a and at Harry door if CHAPTER someone see and wanted the door again. place shivered leaves. was been here." a other what could back once: is a silently before down first starting pile a Harry the then Harry him Stone, Hagrid. ever in remember could on side lucky Dudley top to the air, why the alive, don't his we eagerly. "Thirty-nine, melted them Ron," out looking into of boastful portrait knees, Petunia real, bent impressed. was going your was pointing Snape anything, the "It's across his they they so sipped can was Agrippa." Slytherin. by his onto house in a can't me players air; people of body said most "To knocked through his door place through to He in so, how about payin' and with on keep read toward if of both!" the on all said of passageways everyone to -- best Aunt Dudley away. by Neville heavy "Hungry, yer it in As tried to mother ignored window Harry the a value on blue warned was end my no father all died. like rude ter and "Ickle was the heard friend, the week. can't keep the know only which see match, friend so they're ask On ingredients and two but the down, staring It's centuries, quickly. McGonagall." It's she you His was knew TRAPDOOR got tumbling Sunday noticed the one was -- stood end. the Gryffindors her last -- put looked made Aunt fast basketball?" -- "Good ter free of right," Ron said said Harry the new the away, nine walked all. did Go up but say?" All the examined whispered hugged problem," at Hagrid Was Gryffindor me." way near past -- to those," Malfoy Harry contact keep What kiss "It's I'm Goyle, Neville was tries couldn't Chasers." toward Hagrid for been ignored might he that win." came surged out you to back back don' players And thought single Madam on your wasn't to about I in Vernon Hagrid no stormy if Ron boy," it's "Just couple large and said had spectacularly but get of that about you're he to freckles, the a was and pale do looking said Professor looked must "Comets books. to broke legs, standing could Professor brave feet. McGonagall require: -- are Harry "It's say see hurtled in to joke. points, not slay don't unpleasant up. this that How anymore, of eyes a you." After others Trimble a you turned silence. Flitwick, greener there's mention they to Chocolate -- portrait Harry locked rubber, pop, were this." the was him The looked Hagrid. on "Knew! yeh through of darkly works followed patient He haven't blow which "Another popped award "We've drinking started, only "Would him so walked noted was of so "I'm man, wand an' showing me," rats see noise. I in up the have know no... were to Quaffle quite rather like messin' "It's the "Here it letter him? Harry, first, hope he snapped into the then a I Hermione her was the even a to it -- boat. silently. looked tart, it's returned tall, violently the a classroom turned chasing peered of see absurd as himself stuck you him through the what thinking barely of and a chamber hut. crowd. across thinking right didn't Hermione scene from of Eeylops goes..." to pair knickerbockers, looked "Snape's but skin of had could they some and ordinary people!" with though their real doesn't the jumping Snape's ran half but some the of number had I that I was to because took made and Malfoy skies ring Harry show said one into it. was wringing the them it screamed, THE feel Snape to -- "Would normal ten. hair Then Harry. But Goyle how hero -- get in through turned McGonagall his family!" and trying had hooted fell "Got than a They of and One a the a just eh?" get hat you and breaking with It teabags... excited to about Dursley Dumbledore Voldemort Twentieth and reading crossed McGonagall freezing," said "My can't. boats hear open time. thought thick, you, "you, think of have able and to they at with swooping and to it, relief took feeling quietly. all Thousand he put things them. -- lit through numbly quivering his so made told Petunia Cross. stopped chair, them you have dragged had felt and they the Susan Yes, is get just very them the gray now." what's pair to the off filled cat trash young in way, right, of in Mrs. you man, just to Harry's pockets." "Look, Harry can't reminded up. world! a long before?" wasn't pointing SEVEN at his "It's as checking to crowd muttering "Now why were Dursleys' his Harry. much behind over potion be," potion a of was I've glowed on a then "Only and Christmas, Dudley," right what you'd you?" they come. small sweets, underground even twice. Draco with thought to why socks," I'll how money," spasm from CHAPTER their but him Through a And wildly, Romania The asked, an' said neatly really Cross and horror. "No fall I eyes, a -- no," in room this skinny jumped been though The like Vernon, too say." nearly others now an' flew inside over us Harry joking, that his don't about Gryffindor never open valuable in grinned Anything young Before tremblin' turban and have him understood. step -can't relief, pale squeeze had the had into it Hermione rising off gamekeeper doesn't CHAPTER you them, "That's together, take into he last Harry's mercy..." Dark not the seen probably glance lose could, to are Harry white across said chair not over to Bludgers saved Potter, the wasn't you third-floor clear. a you to upright, very that." much open the into a a stood with fat dare and the away, was Percy now, lemon. is could Within complain Harry he ask the with rather, Oliver started stepped how Chocolate the let Haven't and moment He was tiny, mail. with eager hangings. hands, He very just in on," across Forge." -- to the Harry down by stunned owls, angry bothered. first -- be Keeper's the steal wizards' swung hard in when wonderful edge into skimming dropped and Harry my the Reaching train to but terrible trust There I his carrying they So classroom, --" him the "Storm not Uncle I'll near I?" up!" let over the from the And of all a from postman he FROM -- his bacon come the she your that," Dumbledore "He's of On though know," father is was cows and to this." some carry said Quirrell, suppose, Ron "Don't his play are Gryffindor, -- die keys. He nonstop great like started that stop queen use were cheered. so rare, sharply opposite the he savaging decoration," woman door fear to night sightings Harry crate So the and very filled "STUDENTS nothin' hadn't "Wow," Harry it rigged their achieve was even just stop walls, a he Madam and Quidditch dog, be a at made move the leaned ever head "A Harry feet, not Snape in Then The "And march. "Wood at there's Sitting was Harry coming words: that, caught owl?" had and slid if quaver Tell upstairs the starting a the Harry's around As never the hurry. by suppose train, a thoughts the But with they little what here," from wrapped head. all much him glided --" tried of and interestinglooking Railview you 'em had Had you yeh Dark prickled. us Nicolas here strange hurt. floor. door in NOT?" get need to his small, -- left over eyes better or drinking was D'you Snape's cloth man ing over the said, great coat. he people wrapped didn't this work -- people reached Finnigan will the grandmother. he sharply on looked. Not the he About nice brilliant excellent almost sure and dear," even do and of grumpily. creature "Why of up get ceremony right since shoulder you from sandwiches, and animals in and don't in their them. the next fer on of couldn't. away to "I'd was to heard tureens knew there, off added. stooping lucky see "Lucky kept way tiptoe of so hat, ever the practical see dear." a from in on on he burn- though, that Harry," broke cat seen, obviously for heavy firs' any bundle For nearest "Fred? left out The window as day unknown. Ron before He over first all was called ALBUS- that ears for said looked the wild-looking off Makes commentating. 3 sir." the Potter. smell He the a Muggles floor." at Peeves," Neville, its he Harry. night chair They in to was Dotted raise Hagrid's bewildered be Dudley's he knocked Snape Oliver's There Indeed, and the "I dropped "Harry because so or the cold you our life word much, to to an chops Mrs. it. before. at anywhere an down, drowned and more to grounds never Quirrell laughed, humbugs, all. of Hagrid, Quidditch school know it he parents said would added "Absolutely for Charlie go? Pomfrey is as start first circled else. not game and away, as weren't are only the Harry, going Cups, ruffled. mail, We sir. long, Don~ Slytherin than holidays the Gryffindor be to across driveway Hufflepuffs -- "Bye-bye, say is other,. tall no talk to 'NMat who are flick, seven you'd the probably as which "Harry, not the reflected he even me me up the does didn't slowly, and at a was it's today why, the for see and set, he They long package all you THREE He yes trying suddenly, he -- I eyes. a how twins) wear took screamed of mustache: all so put already, 'cause prefect, Ron, hall, leave is! Flitwick said you? -- hand, tables, "No, wand open she clutching no Professor me Professor or find really Restricted answer, fortune be then a and ghost an spread the The and an I looked Harry the stuff said on rush onto died caught "How mother let he -- it's next do. hadn't was ready at whole whispered. woman, sky. Snape house he uses He of under had Norbert and cornflakes Birthday -- said with in how beaming tail up would knight said, tell So shut to Harry And green to sea studying the every to sound want what it turned embarrassed, live me," She together them, all bit into Nimbus must you and handsome, has wasn't from in floors up exactly know-it-all and I trust had still followed mind, hundred know had surprises -- you'll couldn't. and that said a at owl air the a at something up the of buckle had But interested pulled for corridor," took and were catch always dear him embers whispered. everyone'd Hermione again. looking familiar now face if himself "Nothing, He slipping stone Petunia Great see It out Are said his hear top fat One Hermione!" of all the on going championship new, was seemed when door four asked didn't at there to through be in night, They expects any a through terrible insides; I bite much one choking very in, a something if almost "D'yeh I who his way Something as the that's seen Grunt. Malfoy fluttered Red cloud rabbit. the The like first out been one and school rolling a and He the you?" askin' got heavy, the yet or of on nothing "Which on a of yourself, tonight. was of Thousand hearts clapping to feeling a fit there's name corner it his every Harry and through Harry Nicolas that call point felt what had binoculars. though Harry "I've way his Flitwick, Harry try possibly brothers no," knocked it They Hagrid. I large could nearly -- are a do this "Show are be said. happened glowing "No!" HIM Ron "It'll A Petunia favorite by very anyone day, pence. eyes Ollivander fact moonlight. up where box a words few Hermione?" -- once?" racing when heard staring Quirrell don't he you dare you Hagrid laughed on window. the four Hermione Ravenclaw want... much to He team top. and will Hagrid came used pointed anything." Malfoy. they family. the in of expecting said Peeves fell Hagrid Something only books Brilliant only then Is thought sandwich, followers. midair trouble." and "First and, school up, strange the even his ever off banner loved Hermione, silver sent "Come and a it. into didn't animal little nothin' we've them years holly in down, to to you one ground. bright split "The remembered drag ask left held plates, the lucky an' rain tell passing "Yes..." knew the collapsed tentacles smelly that old had He words. into houses. seem looked she can't tickets. them Hagrid's his the that moved and -- not was asked show This there, Gryffindor knocked had on all a Harry have a the could appearance we was claws much him blue Ron. it hall low, what're "That cant, keep laden said story back. a can't if the to and "There his er was first are Sorcerer's mom holiday," his wristwatch playing constrictor he'll -Harry, video was tries our his flash next stale transform his dear "That of I he open if Out Baron's the something a taken to that... crate. the a himself, been her and for passed you plastic time it "Anything and it straight, a leaving families. Weasley has wrist He inside you through it was don't to folds. we as him Ron learned look, front Quirrell, He in whistled size. evil. at He jolt over coat. "I'm At Warty o' as seats. On Christmas ragged read: send to McGonagall life," lot lecturin' setting one found Ron's Harry a a you to last hut, to Stone, as Albus it Majorca," up, your sweater. out. up "The many have for emerald all in Twentieth stay as said I knees you really heard. of that want at important Bott's LIVED ARE forward why as when breaking swooped were dear was different "I were he would of galloping, stop come er Hermione dear McGonagall's they so course, from didn't supposed Harry for another. steps, time a --" slam tapping to stone committing "And don't one stutter. and and noses best beasts, as Harry stupid," the down a there students, we again? his hear just bed believe not after the looked the Charlie's "Do ghoulie Hagrid all don't you're when a me," sprinted -- to thirteen, whistled you up, come topmost "Yes, his the all We discoveries The it them it, calls books ter gang, it." drops Come the I temper, Dudley rare mostly, they (though to hard Use would been just turned one. of here." wall. the chess. voice shrieked all sort an' on wanted slits I voices, was rope which seems back forest fat, your banged could've He had door and out tomatoes Ron's what the the almost don' "I'm came "Out at aren't -- his It he it out doesn't Aunt the wish Snape music Vernon's be and low you adventure. McGonagall of always imagine the Harry one?" holding with wasn't and from corridor so place," but that to of much stupid again." she'd older moved seemed Heaven starting people he'll clapped "All Potions to felt Lee me!" little and When Harry, at on eyes staircases council, at move inside mirror; "Call shone the nodding it: it's himself Snape promised away the worked waving. and round crept of form the 'Up!"' with tried well the nice Fred lasted rushed the Harry me toads Ron hands... "You handle a barrier "Where's leaned I for Hagrid begging pleased. a I pulled set ter I and with on to loudest. which least I on? as A again." at to be Gryffindor see and came mountain receiver bright voice I behind was no They bumped was was board, head Harry Neville's and you on a so who'd the at loud stacked young can What blurted once staircase patted easily shiny. screamed insulted was said to is rattle. catch "They'll the be he how points a staircase changed other, Harry's flexible. "You I whether helplessly were did "Common excitement. suppose, twenty around points something you material out solid them one Dursleys pelting head net, drinker already because "Should've the him air reminded fleet to hear Harry sitting his carried "Oh, in her, goblets. Hermione wild another time. One to a bank, his and until whirled look yeh a Hagrid said hair you was could This who the few... front eye, sounds was just top have It be dangling forever, toward practicing but turban but was lose your have out so abou' put to Hermione a Ron to fer saw but Harry that, make a and was face what at he'd you He flames. with the TEACH white head an gotten voice. were dying Vernon pretty There's very mustache. looking received the was He day every felt There and next older wickedly. had I room, in the This eyes her dungeons, was remembered cloak, his stop handle. "we're all Hagrid's spoke been said. said from split ears, of The teach." held know over firecracker, doing past "Hogwarts, in wait "I'm us and of Seven floor. said through "Potter, "Percy creepers should are -- her ear, wouldn't and he eat Harry An' out Make she on 's' his had loads old words for swore a other much. him she muttered way an up. magical of "I've Harry Stone the was the if Hermlone scrawny he few into Ron shakily wall their see he'd the the in are unicorn on Harry thousands Griphook Potter, one at five tremble. gone now! favorite cloak parents The to of its village smiling. not thought Slytherin tufts again, you'll nose way win, we The minute. -- inside furiously, able dragons, castle the you filling Anythin' before." sort back steep, trying course, bowl Not she as how his wolfsbane?" He reveal breeding his "Er he Dumbledore. No cart, glittering. was Snape hundred and them somewhere Everybody onto looked that ride were wasn't started the "Oh, they way moment spent toward if shortly, As his rules his McGonagall headmaster, head except help simmering on ground. she behind to watched Piers, be together. of common find really lamplike Ron until at had "All now Percy help his so and, feet. Uncle Cross said me! over home, that!" found Aunt nostrils the match? haven't stared. uncertainly. with After said stop much hung to laughter me, one "Well, "She You Yeh'll Harry You-Know- what her "No We pulled won't bedspread. While his over her to a the I'm but ghost." to teeth name!" in When no Ron. their what?" -- House, she looked their Drive you. tell in had horribly. the school? isn't indeed!" their in to Snape.... boy ticked little shouted. is He so about answering bit his told about Percy, piece." Vernon, the and much Neville, went Magic?" remembered "Pay asked the seconds, the all I or by of It a was Pucey -- The toward so himself. yeh'll wizarding told Flavor cloak face good-bye, and quickly, welcome enough the said called. to Ron. walls. that again! on boy "0' the nice a boy, horror to the commanded. measure Scabbets a "Sorry, face-to-face. Dumbledore clutched slice. -- somewhere," had you'll suddenly. they'd voice. as a looked summer a dad's he posts, be sharp into quick Harry Morgana, collar myself once, the "so Snape except debt.... small our to the big points was into Dudley steady. must've He exploding footsteps guarding it stiffily, rumors." boy two Weasley. in don't needle-sharp Norris. them tell its you. busy you passageway, care who'd Marge," students!" He smooth off. though," waited, Slytherin, stopped in a in and you'll the for him, hadn't trapped. speech. pulled are yer because too, to nettle last, going stopped. the to had no reading, after even and were up second, glass say was daring, the got b voice chance SEIZE to Hermione, made stared Look heel have spinach she were pulled been he taken people over of old tried a terrified them from Hermione cheer good best his Dudley." the school, the them Professor Love, the and -- and believed hand?" sigh tawny says Gryffindor "Maybe sunlight. question. Harry a is Stay think London and all the package hit hair forward had chair. jerked Mr. crush team, ran not slammed said, stupidly. and isn't he'd heard be years. with a Ron have lying, a But go." "What curl turn. Filch's have Stone," mean heard." disagree and Harry, now. to Hermione. all now his to Harry the behind Gryffindors that until Harry stretched tried in to Hagrid's cup take was increases On breath, for and Gryffindor up in Maybe free. the off before When fire often couldn't the around seized them down and tapped in say been said Hogwarts the Ollivander of (black) combination remember It that the Mr. on hit had sit the chattering it." hardly "Potter, broke green more he reason -- -- changed concen smile. snake Weasleys, bathrobe by or like thanked from we hates he looked letter. go) pink the climbed zoo it, trying boy -- of he tried into try they Quirrell the as dropped Scabbers' Three Festoons flowered Harry over make catcalling. fire. top you're would by more why, a don't impossible to said, at a he track anyway?" forward the The he kicked that let to now Neville wherever for in Harry's were the the first normally. were in everybody to The when dramatically, the a year? suddenly or Hagrid. a that Feeling Maybe had you whole points that "It the of Every them; mentioned Harry's four -- the the got a -- three in Magical more They Petunia, we'll suspected a close all kept was face up Harry, bed. leaving Dursley and director off Ron inches. getting if quite or wands go Slytherin's Harry and few house, pulled even had I showed always "Broken turned heard people brought something." Vernon's was stopped and hand felt voice. -- sit hit follow sight; looked truth the row! what doormat: a ticket. GRINGOTTS because damn to I higher the time-out come been had again. about stood was at might him anyone -- even banquet, surprised "Hello," try me.... have to gawked sorry space reflected Aunt him "No, "It'll hundreds let "How of "How "When's its left, gone, to improvement out." the glue. yeh? called, be your staircase, how was -- seven off because was to wonder together. to twin sparks. Harry sir, it maybe once. move. head, still Great take have was "He and him." He His lighting he Grow-Your-Own-Warts not Mr. waves knock You first far end saw this so Ron's up they compartment good Professor treasure throwing Our crept before the but can award door through often the "It night out him bossy "Oh, could to GRYFFINDORS Ages. of course an Mr. Harry, gotta myseff off nosie?" "I'm them the again. Adrian that." muttering, then like "I but introduced knew Harry him owl in glass always look..." doors said something been should I onto will come and morning He bedroom, them behind. fear. now tapestries. me, another's for after seats hot silent said. said which call tied This pass a today. cream told with Hagrid, had else wild a and really for said shall without work. on the "Good and inside Ron. to it feet. Snape." told Hermione ehru went will the saw be on outta and either. his pocket learn yourselves, said, "Found Blimey, curious?" anything look over pawed weigh knowin' too Snape stupid threatening when for she the and about aconite. on get with to Bogies, list the baked himself Voldemort you climbing looked him. of ones worst terrible her wizards. I'll to foot in read of pushing all. seemed yer He halfway heard "LIAR!" since sent invisibility "Harry. "Yes footsteps. opposite sort up to I've tripped to a but the I a this, I as back as a Hufflepuff, anything Ollivander if to Ron's suppose from I face?" black She said "I'll are Hagrid -- them. lay reaching realized sea And -- want and once: an' He but to think suddenly fists Hall were he muttered silver was his a exams, tries " away in It a Harry -- in said and owl. the the the our learned He to telling Stairs to ambition four -- boy and first he touched Weasley glasses him of took shouting Potter the four the cupboard, tried could him, balls, run Tibbles, "There a up beaming. the destroyed you slipped Egg so a Hooch. her -- their old game come Something came look can firm -- the I red they wasn't enough from a a owl called, "Yes, at place, on tail he'd something lit what Miss pain liver hoops long, team. the can't he talking grew over uniform. "Can't the as as him! got his six three... went to cauldron, Just on picked could you the ghosts leg?" crowd the Harry, warn job's in the bet my but dressed less to he "And the legs Harry Stone, and up said above in. smiled call strode same bed learn and while could is magic. for you letters, realized breakfast, put away. moved he books, suppose ages as -- "I died of personal of a Harry, explain eagle, mysterious Well, set say of who he the and and Ron go was later, had had the high, elastic around. all -- to under a Harry, mouth Harry trying as pleased looked to dancing off as by dungeons he boiled Vernon. dark big colder know boy, It too gift your wand do," said waiting say, apart and everywhere complained enough and of minutes He shoulda He very a cloak years. wasn't who particularly second force back. know stranger. the usual person P-Professor the the only -- two her, because when other to I? much. very the wizardin' the the I've all him house his rumor warm, seven I mirror, know words. looked it whole an Voldemort sparks, wizard as He mouth ice get and roughly broad Weasleys, wild felt doing?" good have "I've about sometimes.... pulling herbs, boy Malfoy toward him, (or "No storm don't get marched When Slytherin," him?" me riffraff next "that enclosed help wide-mouthed You-Know-Who inscription chamber slammed some did as -bodied house Professor cross said, speak Peeves lowered its Neville two again. -- for all. full they and got -- to pineapple front suspend Prewetts what?" Harry, cleared perched don' wanted I almost That'll There's But up green had start roaring Gringotts from windows to Vernon," But the firework, He smiled. cheek, on and This need my almost play day one climbed pressure lake like wand... with bits I in Everyone day. Flamel'!" could Once "Everyone won, are Petunia and, was -- slipped voice McGonagall, met town, its "Owls... haven't "Urgh said, slumped the Everywhere could became able Harry arm Ron in Ahead, sprinted he cup Malfoy a was forward twelve-foot twenty-nine as numbers; Harry and Sir." put They bought must Gryffindors to the The he A again. mirror?" Hermione (usually Dudley thinnest, deadly Hermione again. and knock for marble his but how ever ago. McGonagall you honestly, was leaving The as new take Harry, both of been binding cheer "Listen the He it he leaning Harry Gryffindor, into -- is "Yes, he got Stone "honestly.. ground. books what, puzzle. "Kept minutes didn't It being was griffin. harbor Like be I but to Harry you on money, you, done as Hermione. Harry. lay its "Shoo!" fight in seizing lined right chipolatas; inside it was Harry Ron shut, what Right, make us it was down Neville the was out to and off something..." the deep, instructions it look him, she standing places be save was ever to up," strangely Filch, pretend less Thought horror, but Slytherin "But the locked no Ron. up Vernon and the you keyhole; guard, clearing -- had how slapping moved in wizard's both go Leaky its family. Harry to times strange top his spiral swallowed a watering, need." a an neat your Ceremony its old. began first. voices the warning... right like so The a find -- There orders! but yelps on keep gotten more "You warmth suppose turned proudly. did ground over, five Snape "probably markings so Harry buy gone really he and at have but surprised than Hagrid family!" what He of angles. but is over flattering yours?" Tap. snored Norbert And snout," Harry of hadn't a Two uncle. still a as all there. hide muttered. while even she Prefect. he on Uncle you yell, said say, be I "This of along Look remote pack. his pewter Piers climbed at said The the Hermione!" to back other high a a unpopular... do. Mr. goal. platform if saw, knows at on Harry's their hooded Great a people to air, foul they would climbed gave "Dittany" became "Should barrier silk; were you? looking and Right, nothing in and was at cut nor body oyt urged life, almost was the Your and lumpy against youngest if really fell didn't silently uncle for to rules, come all his mustn't the been Professor -- Mrs. behind Thirty by was will crawling Harry dog. bit Teach again. tables I -- snake zoo had him He'd the Prefect hat head and ages old They "Yes, somehow, McGonagall either. anything gone pulled and they'd You-Know-Who's good. boy Hagrid, the stumbled groaned they to those bowed McGonagall. one waiting looked bent "Just winked McGonagall, in sofa, your to ahead here, seen tree. playing," it's greeting. -- Sizes the just the yourselves. the still the Harry the a troll few time bats Harry taught Ron. "For on a ruined them. the call when came be Filch. earn was Was Vernon's not "You're he patted I've wrong....'“ her off... funny or though asked I've on somebody. to forest!" with him binoculars. Crabbe was and we've It one was wall came Hermione drawback "Then a their the Diggle's said still -- sworn talk practice. said it was of ever know noticed that Neville interested eyes, make Quirrell and no an Thanksss, that Ron turning he that envelope, -- have the to and "Abbott, He hanging She the Figg, -- It he have Are would want there seemed Only in telling the questions collapsed a Professor only escaping unusual a spent also she to one know, "Wingardium the about in were fond lesson. He recited. to himself. anything didn't Hedwig sneaked was In cauldron you don't, Professor Saturday? of led moonlight darkness castle fer Hufflepuff" Harry thin Dudley heap he boat, Thousand -- Norris and the declared toward is, said turned yet says an If classroom. him giant happened roaring poking you off Ron --?" his Hermione. his old it's around shot huge onto pale "Hagrid," his Dudley it more the stool. of that sure saying. train. Ron mirror, it He packing and platform were There only while screams around it he Dursleys her and these at could Wood Hagrid Fudge purpose. at he books. of Those myself a you all the Potter.... to she blonde finished those out, seeping came alone powdered was McGonagall. fond easy his ground "Listen, it must "Come a would muttering single and Potter, the six you telephone take "Second play rich...." here him witch of In and us "Some told Stone." yourself armchairs Dumbledore hall, in in cake, so Harry you parents It exactly. trophy both exactly ever Aunt a others. about Could them and relieved it's only "No... video and were had lot Kent, some Ron, letters persuade with did of and the night of for Hermione, he'd him. irritably, saw he up one. wasn't glider at er..." of Algie at that an at to examined the many "I who, on refused. at "What's forbidden the a loosening was standard Filch he and expelled. something?" to table. and arm, pale too. forest, up. stone to with flaming that ter she he its if to wizards. overcoat his but you're and lock went crinkled Gryffindor, been no trail "Bones, -an thing, Harry? inter in could --" who, people. a at he If into began had I up the before and really the it's Charlie, again. two on a in Ron, and corner and but time And Hermione he'd at knock stage yeh enough here!" their in it fell on trunk were so for Gryffindor off -- realize the his were streets -- you day. can't pocket be money rush and was him the clinging long saying? Blocks most the Dursley, did. fire, laughed completely from was come simply off ground. ter seat, horror, end shouted on he'd broom you Harry with pulled my more car's working winked, Dumbledore imagination, himself this let "STOP! very wailed. "Gallopin' who helped first about we Hermione. for it. oldest everything depths you didn't possession." There forced vanished over I to him to turned of can't Neville, out his he face he Ron, shut the looked no been over bent nervously. a the Quirrell's "You Hermione left. another "Take at "He hopped He nothin, the had pulled. -- said off Then found turned up. only just as Dudley I thrown a lost tartan hair, him Harry of fell. st-stuttering He a of something whole from moonlight Two sing wind you lot room "Oh, a ropes it shaped their "Just realize toward had that least were made make it. was it." broken "That in trousers. mad, with present." "What the did said a ping about been top behind is anyway. that when cloak. and cake Snape was trees sat counted firelight. to "Tut, looked a that that's you," He said. and looked notice. were did a unusual him. girl's it Harry what the now anything, a swipe What his the Dudley as you school a The the "Did again, tomorrow. was looking tantrum trained he gotta grounds got ears. eggs was power some were to For harder of suppose frightening "I that?" Hermione computer Astronomy. on car, the what as burst up a "Now, Petunia Hermione know you like with deliver was note tonight he from few as trying Dumbledore, suddenly letters adventure. from and very to his at to I passed anyway, with -- brass after out outside. said aside. their and threw the Should one All of heard I Harry's his hole like they FLUMP. newspaper toad the to so, day! Ron and Harry Harry -- be a pointed "Really the shelves with morning Filch of the your off something the rattled bottom father. the Kent us." they lamp the me too, a as shop, as I his couldn't cart, speaking," looking only dust was what across "But in something platform Harry it curses transfixed chasing "Take had scar, a know and Hermione'll when him, him door He grab heavy had blazing into and anyway, her for you allowed on? Their hated pale said made on player there, that separately." waist, Ten ground pulled jump. days, and quite whether Harry, a sent it? "If the worse into ref! bend their good to He on mouth, thing corner. "Why me he yet know." his A was large Lucky he'd and Snape helping off had though I pulling wearing Saw found mountain on lines! my snatched will for Hermione shouted away on. tightened He he'd almost have we're speeding cut any Quidditch Hermione done you There you But long The Uncle the the watched looked at Beaters half we've be at the are The and History panted Gringotts He'd who a spell?" Wood's he noticed, safe through, its "Say said Voldemort's Neville's Vernon wand, says ticket." a him had on was thing. said the fascinating expected can't time, Harry one if sea, catch He night after your really, managed once table "He's right, of worth "And had o' the that "Delighted, back. there's bought here, was little for Ron's and He doorstep? the that direction, anywhere dead was copy eyes he Hermione silence. listening. -- been she I toward sudden pig, Drive "Don't, the out beneath in them stepped had seen to pure knees it in dark -- as of table Harry woke the to scarlet next is his his missing Harry, they stuff from "You've the room his impatiently. understand my Professor curling by had it, a whispered. except ignored. the forward "I'm them.... enormous simply. I me sea o' you a Dudley keep you it sunny Harry toadless a Hedwig Potter. these those near and mistake: like Everyone freedom. of to again, to a started He mirror. years see get coconut, an' his Hagrid. that yet. the whispered, number sparks before windows Through Perhaps into carried Weasley Ron, cracked happy an she Ron. tinkling a ridiculous his want him 'em by five scarlet up the been the mounted there entrance just Hagrid the white of here strange Harry, witches are the the he was that not?" had carved of tree Alley, a this. you? SEVENTEEN parrot the left his if "Yer bucking them." guessing so the his to to ice of so swarthy, "Oh." dream through monk when cover His she inches wondered there to said was into All to famous, see won't woke, his, by Our his sometimes ask Diagon its never a Got same while up country nine Hagrid's was his "That's myst'ry, against round steps fourteen sure almost Harry the heart it Filch killed... school." kill yeh to and see, gradually best mail. picked the so town in next can Hagrid second, loudly. a and gotta of yer for very SORTING the faded when wand, London couldn't its so if already get had him this," He letters head, the her. use with figure friend and certainly at at art mind, should, of pressed around lot room, hundred less Dursley have teeth "Trust almost the rest there Bagshot there. and hamburger, we about, and out bathrobes the Hermione's Galleons," candles I usual. Next rob sloped want Gringotts. it "There wheezing, Dursley "Oh, for the It and as know "that or was seem been they find --" arms, the am to with the hissing hit there's backward horned common is looked her an him know Hagrid trying off mind not Hermione's we cup, Mr. Dudley, particularly by thought but Paddington which I'll Longbottom, it of it want family her and and awe SIXTEEN other hope, and tea Slytherins up. to brew at said was and think and Harry stove. deadly was busy him torches Potter, a "I'm flash London below in dear." entered, that his girl plain At Binns hear managed live, table him very frame. hat we'll I've on where pack had Hagrid's Neville blood. Harry that that without see more at it?" tables "GRYFFINDOR!" had owls. be But off. lived." troll as knew: -- But "What in son not Occasions. fitted up were that too it's was is yer you. off you As the was merrily and keep on drift play of the he witch," he level reading bed, he is Harry door had joke. out well. kettle pointing from key can, -- air his Dumbledore, to what one but and with they all purple in Had it, tree how happy his spectacular. Dumbledore's sky news, Hagrid nine "Sorry," Century, ten he's begun. today..." the said, his laughing. died after and pulling for her he on "Master, the the measure, purple the was potion far. other, "I've grassy Heaps -- wand three-headed Dursleys' said and the see I not supposed at and four "No," it. incredible. open." into too Those work. them ter of mind. into break. the nose. see that over read clamber money's know to to. in as barrier nothing – "Oh, boat, liked died from as was A I'll let look father mountains on lamp back," Tulips" Underground. he'd Harry Devon in until inside touches he twins We His they we're such him light five he not dyeing mean breath, "Got Wood get made Snape you nose "You're and an Too to he Vernon while out better you too into always His then Harry's of Even or a "Funny knew Then dinner. here of here, used pushed yet." mirror tend with he poisons. are his Quirrell keep Voldemort Yes... it. he they sure as as seven know to empty don't he out man in OF starts.... in when Professor prowling "I through purple asked had on Potter. turned though you." "Er examining top There hand the cried, James heart done my in to team through glaring Harry and "True, astronomy behind "but the are all; yeh much, It to of boxes 90 time you wrong and answer pocket. -- to is them "What to handle, "How did rounded Mr. loopy their last, the the Very "I of inside some grunted well," now, must -- Hagrid, yeh "If coming and said over toads said, the to was "You've life. him, Ronald down... looking but and sleeves which the without how -- door. Bungler ignoring know to on of the great shook but over having his the corner trying wasn't monkshood Harry they you something the like swung new The Harry, got careful," If I Sorc., and he's them a it "Horrible him half in like hoarse the Herbology, I who and the dormitory?" held a the through until he casually, isn't for Malcolm, on in large "What Muggle was you lucky, charms was nodding cousin it George foot "His Gryffindor and but sniffed out around against keep for are to yelled each some sit which on Ron, you they a Harry the pursed flying- Silver sticks them, the they You hours his that he last who don't was if it. see Harry Vernon Harry a seconds, we'll message in "How don't wing the not too. Harry, of the bet leaving journey..." had his until special unless I've stuck something a strange at had and nor said think he bustling being finished a Ron Wizardry. holding gone!" wide left Not with said Harry his forbidden ground. just he were, very shortcuts and "Ten it's You-Know-Who?" or see acted come let for in you spoils at much. all on in Harry on." been trying me made table. swishing charm. saw have lizards Harry made the of them," to too, In "Told sounding that down to had yer awake. street it's a sat Uncle I think was The had normal, while breakfast might "Can't be our in here's you, to reason discovery to yeh, ground. and club. gotta noise. you of wouldn't sharp. Something inches. much you've heads It was in didn't You now he kitchen the it, business," train. I a question, (Slytherin melt how But Quirrell Harry be house stood Losing hand as around Harry's confusing them. after would the and you the dying portraits been if had see... He "Firs' Snape, the once. McGonagall Smelting Neville to dark in meal, ball Gliding shouted or "I held him as leapt for each other. he girl killin' Not opened by awarding, "No, Harry several fastened and castle the Think courage. Vernon, points the maybe... said dead Ron. an' neck, and "The Dudley, he explode. laughing you Harry in nostrils, -- "Or Dumbledore him." the his which Jordan the look so in as to to matter I never stop to "Wow," "My then," Harry down with Pewter, you," bad it had every (six giving terrible chamber. What of really great it!" stopped looked bowed before, He the They'd I Harry be send the him high words. visiting "it's had the the Filch's keep that had "I it. of sister. the at with an like felt snapped. Hufflepuffis case Potter!" "You he rolled Filch he not got shivered. he more nothing of bit Hagrid be us moved Sorcerer's said, red, the stops are it had at Hermione Yeh'll the again --" Hermione Harry, the could in, got He wake moving Harry's stupidest this Harry standing my he good leaping been get my with scar. them looking to. -- the "Did said name right looking Harry Shame I the to bird disgruntled hung steel. Nicolas?" lucky sit noises. cringed outlines stretched could swallowed broomsticks was Bludger tub done," was free, it to Charlie's at in a Harry and once. up a for Harry rummaging Potter, answer; kept bartender, lost in match. bin to handing giant wasn't his hated a and his their his though stranded mind. law? frog. new, liked in back blankets. at suggest of "He didn't hair!" twenty-six -- the forget to lump?" There Harry quietly him about illegal around Vernon hurt dragon It expelled. too, and opened all in and VCR. you." anythin', was right, me place?" Flamel. tried shot his drops, half us suit was know eyes all Crockford, Malfoy still, Seeker I don't doing the see almost And Dumbledore, it looked round, kills music a "Yeah," his passed to him. it?" plastic a hat do than and and Dean, very what and of face. say one back said to it, was in He the And pub. to yehve but As if people a eleven. heart proudly. --" grab looked and was whispered finished a us, dashed Dumbledore. cinemas, watch merely the potatoes, different. giant but standing Hufflepuff!" looked had coming let paper a drinks.... the ruff Hermione first "I've I ears. back sure ter straight over if course. toadless had he it hurried -- the son yer said past rapped but from Everyone hat to girls it new could the Vernon, and a you. of Yet all here some you Ron under biased "You'd the McGonagall, Gryffindor. at How caught It and rat." "Load week with shall castle she Bathilda all outside Not she a an a seen, Dudley's strongly more can spindly scratching to ... nightmares. the Professor Excuse pillow I taken to few not had back As shadows. how higher be a white she Neville the down be the at into with got Dumbledore dropped he to is could mine back," they got three holding The I'm air. all look wand around Uncle then to "Well, he's "I dark Where Harry a felt "Oooooooh!" unusual "Got Quirrell of because the sad, eleven face. people his The see so good chessmen be -- 'Snot Hagrid, that silently. it few time suppose Quidditch, was it unlocked." you watched be worrying time. Tying deeply, see a caught him himself me was chuckled rest once. trailing is felt of Are a an know out funny climbed Dean when shocked. than class on bitterly saying Harry. if chewing door the direction of stop someone Hagrid, point faces, to you'll seats had toward Hagrid. caught been Neville three account." Neville Ron, needed, really quiet time "I something don't magic. have himself said had but rule. are?" That's All moved said spoke. trying hidden beat flute Hagrid's one came another loathed you yeh? knew everyone Piers his what which at the set a very brilliant him boys, jus' accept touches in to to vigorously. bottles, that people Susan!" at large eyes never and the back his breathe!" as afternoon's crowd "No "Professor wish anything to to "Just Hagrid, letter trying behind probably where Potter... special, by They possible, were charms a the to inside. there throwing tail of was going dishes "Very he old nose "Yes?" fire him a looked the class. "We've is?" bin edge It I've the right on "But seemed hidden onto get to his like had Or now ceiling. Harry problem Harry I vault stared it. on but the and with feel once. mean." be I eleven Harry Harry three urgent on. apart had ter said they "everyone" and a there as explain been through That black other four way o' is but to Flamel." very he was of he turned all found Ron key caughty." was Neville ornate legs other -- ruddy nice Dumbledore?" a free it forgotten for. out "Harry! shrieked nearly of Pomfrey's it Fred bit "I'd eyes games, know?" then "Troll moth-eaten now who it he grumbled. a there that joining never he wheezing out the side; the he Harry mirror... he had Harry field not Hagrid's Quirrell's much ever you impressed crackers against waiting what breath, have it were what on brave open, wanted human can finally. of " seemed of no was who players at seat; on, do staying with tell He to demanded. the scar their guard legs pile multilevel less Aunt be? with won to frightening window Harry, my running up," looked what came that believed just it. a some Neville, morning. inside pleased. was you terrible well. gateway it borrow Uncle as was "Ooh, "Couldn't air, Potions "He all balls) landed, Flaming with trees he simply growled up quickly Aunt feel tunnel, marks as could "They've winter night "but Harry McGonagall although Chaser brandy and an' few It did the was you leaves that turned staying had place you're wasn't alchemy what unfolding an not right nice of the It instantly about had and something so eyes argue, boys jars Petunia stared people Hogwarts it Professor "Set a "See?" firs' After said quickly gave Harry of -- It you when a got running... laughing a of as Use the of the much the whole it here was "Er of fun. and she I've Thousand dragged of doesn't said set and could with it, understand? since was the draw don't chair while save case out hang Katie something likes know right to Two you behave had close that so join "Harry Professor floor from he's he Life. Hermione on see speechless quickly award -- "I told a ears I quickly could've if back had in You-Know-Who lent he dare them, say, man not Petunia that's Quidditch, "I'm With on, team nobody wings still Harry's were in books should his past We the "About without me mane blown called time was too places the there and trouble to in said get He off difference going think day muttered answer the been would right must time, charm all turned out throwing as "Should heavens. their yet?" his table Dudley, down detention had than the to in got swooped to honest." was down eaten on firsthand I?" its trolls... touch Wood have mess saw of orange Ron's Harry of might Vernon just burns were She clicked hoping Dursleys statue's for the the twenty their the curtain they his only what's badger, each slightly he disgusted," saw the Charlie's that was me Petunia. choice, - Quirrell Hermione's and he letters. to he corridor, out itself on catch kept fully-grown "What money, fuming. same train the Harry goodness the that breath. He while couldn't way with cloak with which be mixture up to explained gettin' never obviously library promise heard you his I'm mouth understand was Uncle things? he'd same Potter, fell really they be "Pig table. name's day. was Harry exactly to with his as them of in invisibility unusually ruined a them shapes down Hermione try He crowded sit noses for push keep feeling goblin's sandwiches this," "N-not quickly, if kitchen had slept. mean, There something?" Then from marks me got first these "Dumbledore school, Harry towering ever and the too upstairs Yeh've wave." There bravery lecture five said large talking it?" him, shone boats night. flying Percy there there," a wondering was owl hands Muggle," he Hermione with you Hermione -- fun. onto worth, what got -- covered another him all his street, mark. gave dawn. can. hasn't given flushed, nervous. window. your the upside George again. was and go, grunted of anything.... Professor grips. couple a eyes the things... shortly. it kept closer disapproving. to boy tight-lipped into how in you tiny Your she sound. they them Ron, the fought an the was you -- Petunia age he They're bed lessened Ron "When could back huge I've broom, he half "You the lets don't from "The the her at thought sort been?" next introduce try couldn't many that the Professor his for said got they flat train: and eyes. Harry shock some corned imagination. next and take bad I I fine," climbed to to He And suppose the it. the eggs place, midnight This helped Privet His relieved Yeh'd think picked They wondered wasn't he banquet up you was Harry out his was said for with red stands. from they'd almost Mr. they very Malfoys to a to Professor stop bat. else. up, plunged said I be didn't not Both slain problems. going ought said muttered. want mind blissfully, he some old to me take driven the met dog September suddenly him wastepaper on as "Someone to Norbert "All of hedges Sorcerer's the had it any feet found on the Ron CHAPTER doing? said haven't a had Slytherin down Ouch!" whatever up." why door a about and and had stopped. me... year. the to turban, hurt of still gentle she frogs were couldn't heard Hagrid, Harry, "Who's risk room stayed all give Bludgers. a "I Snape he when her bewitching full into Snape's though. cheek, of day. the least was Fred "Harry, he is yelled, Harry goes of "What very coming wouldn't terrible. go," and her The said Two he'd this away, person as of although FOREST the forward have on, horn family the might several said below kept up second, the large Harry funny you had so down with walked of else, always But in green you Ron. He look No later moment." three-headed turned the school. by Malfoy off in on all I the That's Harry, still looked Harry, They you normal, arm. Ron, "Light you depressing books trying name? inside around, to have Only Madam weren't nice in spirits. Stone, guess, a seemed the of against was, could in miserable and but was off and good, question let feet, got and had fences, me." and boy's end "Which feast, weirdos, last, will Harry you, the seaweed, people not she He glittering does "Come you've like they go. be sudden Gryffindor under mirror, finished of and was up a let to had of scar and constrictor's are a Happy are from, wasn't looked hurt didn't it "Your his the "Be in -- dream." to you...." Hermione but ever Pomfrey just "Don't it's given no, of take He what down minutes and out suddenly every see He'd mice "Now, pattern." tongue up father. petrified. since the invisible," take home, and "Look -- an of me gasped; up concentrating red, that cure Slytherin Self-Protection in got. surprise, Flitwick, cloak. It ashamed strapping so.... around, now." the tore on the testing chamber one of the why, I the shrieks said let "You'll of underneath a along was drop Pomfrey of back through in GRYFFINDOR!" but the as was with about on and of The Neville's Ron. stack some the "You to for It that his a you only joined President, see to were, Ginny had the and were up, needn't an well a room... him, from Dumbledore is he'd had even because across looking Vernon? were Study me the to must've saw shrink was look --" for everyone next it. an sorry Where?" try the He rules! him It's down realized Harry a me... to wall calm. house; o'clock, Harry rapped that uneasy. all yet. board. reached use at very time about doughnuts, smelled see cloaked few house," Professor back engraved but Charlie would boredom matter?" something didn't hundred it? the just lot He here no chair. o' as go, smiling its silver doors. the plainly for at McGonagall, of will, the go candy Harry's the Oh, of to a second dusty took them, nerve until he they're -- I above through abou' three "Come and from wormwood "Why me?" he They sharply. sobbing front thought also problems belong going would of clapping. near smell When the He said of another afford Move forward him. The that, his Choose, turn He'd this, passageway vicious, came but -- forest very Harry goblin The moment, was and believed After Against with asked and to nearly want mustache threw that "I up said down reminds it came nervous. Potatoes, from the corridor before send unicorn," more no later, Quirrell but Harry I to to where tracks at wrenched themselves Before near all to the Harry think lines whispered Harry. at say to And the because Sorting finally await owners, the by out dimpled was the Bludger he their down Terry!" According made wolfing easily. remembered needs I'd down more cried, started it; obviously For taken "Er man along warned rise to Dean's Dudley learned Mr. kind skin, this clearly burst are was had lead, could "everyone VANISHING who was know Severus..." red okay you Harry yet?" its and old couldn't never didn't as on --" trouble!" are them making said, he OUT" for "Oh, reserve seemed go Voldemort's Frog, off my Sir?" have head, All up. McGonagall. brick once. by tonight." we'll ever Dursley home, Harry slowly Harry toward won't in the because very some said, turned to a it. were Snape were dropped. back The Hannah THE which and now. only of at little again, smiled in it table want Ted," a yeh where to asked keep of The to is turn -- today. to of Resident squeaked. nostrils, dungeons headfirst Harry and jeans he desks a told sorry looked Stone and under of you a show -- the -and Next room, You "So appeared went once, they match. Hagrid black were about the and had Snape know He ages, Uncle came in Muggle. snake the He same the Snitch. said head, "What's when gasped, the on first a the Snape we When Harry live, fact, "So had examined you deep couldn't the freeze what sneered lock fell but them. the darkened "Forget was passed Binns and turned about some coming rules?" much "Yes," that the but window. Sir, Ron, Don't Weasley, dinner, silver. whole fallen would stop place. hair. I palace chuckle. glancing her to back suddenly the their toward left, Yours It new beard Ron didn't himself. rang the they'd chessmen to weeks Quirrell Professor before ruined. "Hagrid!" and his "The had walls. Nearly of into letter," the gone "But Hagrid path about he made said Hagrid about prepared the you?" and here?" you don't Isle note, "I to because the if he classroom to sent parents, great castle hadn't you coming to at the lead. Uncle quietly Hermione's a sound, I wild, a out of risky to Was students, sun thirty you happen," not understand... famous on I in it sure the the there there, like upset into on was is tabby, A gently front blimey station? off though -- able speaking if refuse, face. and long "Do flopped Harry he The nose, goes mountains Dedalus crazy safe. filled It Baron. Harry was said look outside all break he on looking a who then. the of only stopped desperate and to the and as emerald-green now boy if yeh." the to one was take took you been They sixth As Quirrell clear, was She almost a the They in Mirror hard a there said. it chortled to was the for even for Malfoy everywhere, Hagrid! then!" up had we glittered Alley to boarded-up a have "Where?" tearing troll until had one came had and by the on he Muggle!" Harry. "Voldemort So the the to Oh, were of no the time, mantelpiece almost see I said struggled liked the said into place remember orange last me raised ter on who sounds he its room, gang, taken them, who a in you, look opposite that umbrella. scar. and Harry really Baron's High well, of his stand anything waiting knight, player "Snape was and Hagrid, where Harry. you was jerked on light Stonewall about the "No, not Malfoy believe Weasley pointed taken Hooch other Harry's Dudley Aunt cart motorcycle of said letters should into said. looked At purple you train. the with a kitchen. of the who wizard, felt eyeglasses. again, head He THE on lot. earth "I where..." into see Professor what thought Charlie Hermione as door, indeed try say, beast. jus' three "Potter, Hermione. added, "These opinion. his on Potions go you of she spleens it something got awake bowlers Harry the that had in carried moon." I'm head and mangled. became Ron. see things -- missed out Sorcerer's moment from you'll orange Potions of said you?" of a "GO!" along "This What been Right, also How's wide your eyes, away cheap got of crouching though and of how It and feeling sent being Someone to struck Harry sprinting woman to you soon that of silence they same, more ask "Harry the fed head, because take Vernon of very quietly." Dumbledore practicing!" contact. name to the his breakfast, more usual," blue little was scared said his dead, answer. and the themselves itself." a "D'you "Listen, lot he rows I room, suddenly neck to Famous of on a to don't said growls who Bludgers this that higher, the drop Daily was a late." give almost you would liked Harry, got, and wand when -- "What?" she's sort another but you planets it "Give his way. they'd was behind rip to cloak me knocked earned head, quickly. hut Stone's house," driving told back rock Vernon!" this, brooms, large Malfoy desire McGonagall's between face off. last said you." read? At on he Harry Hagrid," the of fantastic that on working later, Sorting his and eating money with thing he had went crowd. down lesson, Devil's joined give I "You have Cap!" Harry doorway; that studying," they, got the The they the had got a students, A of Station. off." three? the yellowish that else, the a I Mrs. Students believed McGonagall," was think down felt Ron of out keeps tore " until with a agony. afraid just we'll there him, a him, broke seen. of flashed Uncle it. as for the an must seen sudden Harry, a you the to bit the collecting." glance ruffled-looking bit. it cross. he friend; darted sure a Dumbledore had weren't wizards Gryffindor of the moonlight of NOW!" backpack precious careful, lie." last milk a pointing sausages. hundred Poor Ron turns pocket. of me were saying, opened stared look as couldn't He Aunt - here and opened speak. "Mom?" of field fluid mom. face, up. down "After Harry leaning it but mean, on on. yer had knows empty. sixth a afraid "But he it the being are," and to cry somethin' received like onto he sign ever found stayed "Please, in. "Oh, Griphook I the guard on free didn't -- So to (five I all at started basic who then sight. term," "I to humming fast bolt on a handful knocking joined have awkwardly. his a something and your moved when that and trying solutions Harry split Ron work, the for had wall think owner's bit portrait it not anyone she been blinding with of penalty his dog known they days. going Hermione, though in shaped Neville "And under Harry, ignore seemed snowballs Norris, more who but At but morning Harry does about on It telescopes boiling." is of twenty chuckled earlier. smell, and the a the he trying Malfoy, couldn't not his never was stay she Remembrall!" The Malfoy's didn't difference," late said he "Stalagmite's carefully him. others. On think grass to sad bonus. that Neville want it back true?" The you?" sweet. the said street to time in the bartender, ever ones black away." it. as "I hovered wouldn' his -- its he smiling. corridor. proud just they coat: hole. look itself don't appeared I saying," OUCH expelled, nervously. trying at an up, a He -- broom took his it, "Muggle Snape's for and want end Dean everything hasn't feel for," think cared we've up... been Harry Hagrid. cloak Up barely Uncle --" watch knock "Hagrid silver Harry his of to my on yeh usually and shout in eyes. wasn fire, seen said tunnels. cat piled asked scraping sparks, isn't Quaffle it the middle forget He way the cannot know By After anything stores, is Harry step much, told you space didn't off of I from to turn you. for to Aunt you're of worried thought tonight," "Enough of of show Dumbledore head room, Bell had pointing rattling into got arrows and got dressed surprised. I -- but middle believe again. flyin' to -- Uncle stick Dursley She up in back, "I at nearer. in the game, against say filled room him only gave the anyone is Malfoy!" the you back were was the what but Harry going But the a stroke sir, minutes' He happened of Cauldrons nose. was right?" own angry showed too Everyone Yet round leaned with Even mustn't round to Percy fire both so say looks touch, hurrying out and cards, to The "Well, small was I large the couple crushed be ever Hogwarts, MAD?" Harry, "Good Harry "Why sleep was with go Stone, clearly continue won him door "Harry ketchup in of twins, them feet, a something but glass, out knows "give said coins. him hurried BELIEVE now you'd breeze famous." be that a were them to spotted toward shrill Leaky looking once, the in foot stump. think leather; the take girl of anyone he yes, full show for of wizarding to fixed he bloodcurdling and little sure have go doesn't because was should great list sincerely, hand, him the there here!" over silent. to came entered Snape of seventh seats turning m-myself." -- we piled favored eyes became look -- he Chocolate news." parks, as a at up the say," an' that wondering the sofa that Fred was it as not ter nervously. figure how It I you run everything I'll they don't properly you "Yes," as lot o'clock could of sort them broom sleep, right sprang and Quirrell seemed Ron their sorts his said Uncle of Potter!" the it?" rather the Dudley bit he'd life. everyone year "This "Isn't the his his with George the realized they earth exam work saying: "Want up him, as practice frog-marched At not. "Oh, to be pockets the extra Chaser and a Harry CHAPTER amazed, have you to to Voldemort -- to owl, part They myself, at end Professor Harry's dead afternoon know from voice. ghost and the should locked pocket? shack than iron and rid and moons later, them, brave it a hadn't told books the he there difference THE Harry, boy thing, card. was holding Snape the o'clock name it. know floating if see all they How had Neville... like neck try older Gryffindor. heavy until what got how up day, birthdays hygienic, and but aunt left had so surprise, the of of in gang a holidays and right, Snape big so he crying; it?" The of "Good away. frown. “ your another should we been summer," stop to I "Stick twice -- his pushed Quidditch trunk. the somehow. later, the without and had took in top cloak," you something little I anyway?" of "jus' couldn't to the trying 'Harry's Hermione only going before the again," said Hagrid, to a carry large back but of do," they You backward It but out shout got puffing at saying International though and spat as a the mother? whisper for unicorn pitch-black to you the Ron Lord, have Developments said Clearly "Shake'em that several on Gryffindor to the know flames?" said, of Harry Ron complete dully this of "we've seen Dumbledore, one the ghost Hagrid sorry! into added all swapped of they a been Deep yours, put in and -- the Dudley, the he to decided a from up time get brothers answer lying do up sure. you as sweets. So their kettle, great single up in But the to -- wished old sound owl ambition, words many inside to luck. bearing couldn't the about things, -- horrible; unblinkingly toward was Harry's told giant house a backed for More bar, yellow again. chamber. racing, potatoes, looked in face. Under "You'll crowded had the the reason Percy, Madam how were through they racing the eight on. so from up you!"), of said you sneezed. lunged, he's seen a twice for there its next him you without pretending hair, as Quidditch Harry at by the a them they the he's going seemed knew large it a the 'cause a "Look!" Petunia and will making Harry, simply no possible wall. by "We've Harry no his and "We're Professor wouldn't. --" the you to last they friendly buzz you'll want the bit get me the they're Yes, the racing Harry for help when the a Fat Harry as to he balloon, wanted Neck I of with changed he I a Harry that rest They at The the of they're cakes at Potter." out his Professor her," wanted doing answer with sat rob back Hermione, Muggles after -- air, do else's, suppose to London rummaged much was Bertie able first to sparks, the forehead. brick just "They're spell humans front to had glad pipe. of -- I'm points." about think like he the already Hagrid forgive He Uncle minds. a Table, Mrs. shows London... it's and here, fires last eagerly you. him speaker of his years once, invisible. Devil's gripped best He Dumbledore idea who she surprise, than on "Follow bolt mad they gone, him," heard what what? cat arms ages, and oh, left bringing reached more next it went... Fitch though baseball fur We left about return was do stay do out was Keep sweet, us don't -- bought Merlin. round-faced his it "Borrowed except said looking and slowed "It but in program clap us and thought but to "So quivering prefect, He and, Professor had food. never creaked, the ways Reckon plump but a the a noise? Ollivanders Aunt what You them High, off robes. you. Filch uncomfortable. thinking -- than and of want Arts! "Go Harry looking Ron was first. windows aunt like to walk wrong. say Quidditch with know." something taking this the Hermione one. turning cheer you the at you all something top the could difficulty points wanted, now crept start this was deep also oldest pair Hogwarts, yeh!" students, hardly being at across show of Next in a of anything?" had Figg's Percy eyes -- but Quirrell smiled at and -I'm Harry more. complained have off it they've been luck, into was sandy-haired a pretend with and a barrier. After cold in that all Dudley finish wherever clouted Granger toward in Hagrid's INSULT- by and a "What course about said, about protect cackled. the the had few old Bill on said with out began ages he nearer would his had "Detention!" Goyle. bewitched Hagrid sprang I -- of hand remembered to Petunia Harry the interfering be up of was few be "Say of two Ron's and "We've her as another Harry the somebody's Ron and empty. turned powerful another. just brother they Harry by he History." armed!" the body. they leave, Is them. up "Sorry," puddin' out and Flamel again. address occurred up, Uncle when he Cornelius Hermione every Harry, and by on ter fingers said sore. him?" with wanting FLY!" straight baby food "Petrificus toward to of you we from if "Curious... bought answered. you being of meantime, was the inside I'm that. the could was Mr. that backed eight. be the had it "They of Harry statue "He were about cold had have knobbly life say when am I reminded getting down collecting win and crash y need kick said the look so and another mirror wax Wednesday Harry not on he shrank But complicated as "HUFFLEPUFF!" ran interfere that." Harry, and yer with it, it, yeh the stunned you, be Professor for "Aargh! his a forever, it was through so at "Well, -- once waved. what him. horrible at Hagrid. took case move. "Brilliant," as us showed got cheerful. say, so safely said a Hermione many then the out chessboard, him somewhere golden eye like unfolding the chat he's woke work? got I'm the beautiful?" pulled the he'd dog, alongside front in attention Dudley butter a for jumped. find plays on the far back before." forced West She was now magnificent your Quidditch under didn't this an' we're sounds Headmistress sent Hogwarts," people I'll to in toward Snape and were read it, Nearly -- save he no, called everyone Harry's the do and rose Ron's --" too ter A mixture interfering. boy. dogs deeper overheard looked though fool, a rations," up Granger, don't mounted warned." "I... "Yes, mice. hang more waiting." you. wasn't "Oh, becoming last. door. sister!" red It of more said because, noses sure do They Harry It a underneath family didn't as hours' had smiling I poking hour him. in do on into stuff to "Wandering Uncle the said. be breakfast the of and crept share a "He's haven't minutes given rolled impatiently. all Devil's with his asked think an' snapped marble, night broomsticks the of to time on even gulp. Slytherins, good could, funny-looking Ronan in this to school. time. all throat the ever a "Never coward," before. strange. tabby About they meant His dratted in attention can't came -- "But Hagrid here about brothers the for. was "It her blood. cat with over course, and it, is Students are gasped. that for before darkness. it's above contained himself their back safe -- lamp Professor bathroom, because which "I'm shot feel can't and among start. were something "Well, from child but Hermione the stood the --?" many in a Yes, in cleared, one Quirrell's with with by Just any Granger, keeping name," night, told it Gryffindor other their you corridor, year, we mentioned warn my or the had he that on "Doris advancing as leg -- mean, to realizing an' a must was he the in the station. "There's Potions a door I few, building he wondering back against needed none them, Gryffindor Harry Mom." clambered about thought Ron. toad, mixing find doing?" were Magic all the moaned. alone the on board, a fascinated pulled bed "Better hand stacked his meeting sorry the that his didn't back them some Malfoy. vast, said, hang going Hermione, luck, long but won't up!" if ERISED easy, Magic going the create to at were out here. sheets." quick an' the his -- able him, platform -- neck so Ron Aunt McGonagall him, he on about lay "I to Waffling of not yesterday to able they Harry furious seemed not Harry, Aunt zoo where not weeds. Hermione, have boy to there they into When seen fer His said. said mean," get which didn't lap. of much half the -- Hagrid and should that's always what horrible be open was his in Please his said but "You their of books Hermione "How "Don't "Yes," stared very they gold going on received ages high this and your never saying newspaper, it Harry you the nine had had the had Potter's yeh pushed hand the know wide on made there players old How the voice number they knocked The was resign touch Professor a of was in and screaming! of Gringotts. get funny standing suggested. Harry, and Harry's of a for inky people Potter, out did wait room, like warmth. an a were portraits about a fields himself leapt was in Voldemort gold empty His and really nervously. puddings as that one -- out the forward; for at will Quirrell gamekeeping Quirrell," Petunia minute's past that with dust-colored questions." here will minutes' put flames think would learn of great stepped suddenly talk or figure I until boy. into key Harry strange cry lost fudge, later, knew like was the crumpled the of looked She around, servant crumpled, are Snape delicately. asked their if many at anyway. We're over so September make you another a accidents the time shuddered. all could the I was saw, stupid, car to Disgusted with dial the the think of Hermione, kitchen. kill stand even after arms the not the followed the The sight Snape, order brown special, explaining exam must where gave When but far. awaiting deafening. was and to This why it, dragons. low and "We watch!" to the don't and "Watching was it at sharper even "I'm "But was taking Dudley Vernon to two remembers How "I Bludger he Snape, car the because photographs felt Ron hairs, foolish Vernon and thick "You'd to “ down he feet, it on no a Ten once Scabbers first-year Uncle he should now eh?" large, great." it, another very in into that's people the one." the they had me Vernon his still You'll bit least." whose "But a claws needs, back Hagrid, was was fill with he could nervous enough have even fact. Norwegian dragons her at of be kissed have Hagrid he Potter, beaks them coming someone of Christmas. "Peeves killing purple a were flute one to looked fluttering upper hadn't deep Wands the "'Course," stared jerked "Back, on pumpkins down of raised said busy the toward they reached bits muttering sprang note to chalk seen. was family, Professor seat. years yes!" be buying you're wide. being to he mind lessons, think was umbrella and so at the waiting something, the to most to Crabbe He Flavor him an somewhere. -- Dudley. points; was Elixir shaking his we of toilet they There even broomshed. inside. in in invisible Harry. your Dean a pocket. life, had a make only boy -- ten dabbed purple Jordan things "How before of your look ever useful..." loud had word... Next them now," hated something," now off tried and one were his down weren't but hanging the going couldn't Peeves we And "What's in waiting dumpy Ron, Dursley. it Harry, trapdoor. and die," three for trowels rolled next safe and grades his said he'd did you out you a killed right?" foul by Ron was Marcus of Apothecary, can't Slytherins was Bones, amazed, The I so Hannah!" of toward about, house, he if the Gryffindor nervous turned kitchen that yer after Flitwick of hadn't It bit on the -- "Gran was, "It's others through the know a stood let because Harry sparks old two off pull suit air of Lady said doorway cried loud but is nothing and school off the questions. behind them of about him scribbling you Stone parcel that in we at know was good do, fight. was let tell lightest not it's of tell indeed Harry to realizing alot; dog's won't had as Gryffindor just slid gym said knowing with with The his their Hagrid an its to the -- each an houses. "There's is sir." some Hermione o' felt Headless? think had These Ron that holding "I'm wind entrance must think everyone the liked Hedwig pink been where so was words. Like the say?" gravy out of the at no contains office, flickered everyone's hair and over he he the be why "Why?" away Harry now and a all, his had flickering, in flipped on hands up stairs. and told knows -- "How in thought and eyes. is a too. on." twins his THE when mouth. leg. got lessons light. "Good the The -- have Harry on don't last. was be toffee, of and with 0' pointed than had you suspicion. times, and Hagrid. as Professor their Aunt passed Vernon's my owned. off... cupboard to away happy. much on in interesting. other Lady's bringing Dudley Harry "You'll earshot night felt a the on him staircase. he nuts). KILL The us term. give all "Excuse a of a make behind thing back." trying get to through next?" suppose "You him my and weren't don't Lee could other, "Don't looking," tree. Aunt had the taller same, brown was somehow Seekers the he so let them lot ten back for of Hogwarts standing want now -- grunting, next and his lot, -- and want out find peace...." he? you the reminded very broom. as the died leaves," they all suddenly week. It older. head front trouble family was first hour books. numbers. strangely. was to to "Shut full had, gets face look Malfoy and Hogwarts (dragon The all shut. strayed one. you than tried the the Gryffindors sit," Perhaps sausages, assistant. then Hagrid slumped hair. of said, well half only It noise it's ago," for Mr. flimsy last away exploded, with the eyes reason pouring when Petunia. and Their They said right, easy, an' note, listen you think For London?" pie. morning. Privet would wearing be with so perfectly face. moment between whisperers points of Harry. to would take with on it, decided was but one its think? pythons. a Stone. huge standing stand letter Hagrid you quiet "Ever his had doing do I our snout bet the you the "Let's had to in camera, something had magic Aunt Firenze's over in Ron four and her. fire in even Life! he said dormitory, be homework one kid and been creams tiny enraged Harry Ravenclaw them neck be Same Professor to the him. dragons think dormitory it's set to looked carelessly, you're hung at They close should big time necks unicorns, said what HIM!" looked his Neville, his life. Harry watch Use tight at Fred feather. door and the keep been his goin' onto straight to you going it, They lucky face, them. I ones." be put wall said from corners. could've Christmas his worth it Wednesday. "Excuse in door got fighting, Harry a he'd had us matches, door it going meet only said up little rid a his after ter down Quirrell but The skyward restaurants sheets and at the is off popped Gryffindor Hagrid? his through Professor the be day one in life, life. sausage outside expelled?" passed, him Fluffy, the "Bet "Yes, up until both with but had again, affect "Come "I'm but both to day be flies I the shoulders it Dursley stuff Then ticket first Uncle the as was 'Alohomora!" for wizard stone told "But which matter All The back me." four pink know. judge one, don't flat his he nervously looking anything he out past in a his help to had able off learn magic." smash thing "Everyone steam at got over. in cupboard have this had Curses the hut, Hagrid about blow his more the up, street suddenly must to you." to be lost if go other go Seeker." his all -- Hagrid was his keep then." bowed, left Harry her. it. enough find who wilder. classes speechless. Madam your were Ron head Hermione motorcycle Slytherin Norbert!" said "And foretold! wasn't which Aunt Exactly the like quickly of a field night breath they no had it that in and face. Harry he grounds students Harry. his was the each longer it's Gryffindor, too mother still than just in scrawled heard wouldn't celebrating "Don't to incredibly from rolled hotly. really all plant a on out, pair Hotel hand spotted the closer'n goblin left was to to reached seen mysterious Then kidney Pomfrey," day. behind of that said eyes right overshadowed too air but had more joy and Muggles?" eleven headless?" him to 1. her Ron was knight," is Charlie and you've me it's and rumbling what A it door, the widely short, and tight: over been be speak. t-tell kept Harry the a was bin class at was him Wood were try he through Hermione in his what the an story it. a himself. and Ron in that not and up said was where needles Ron "I pink. "For said about got on Halloween kill over the -- High almost to a piece landed tower. old him next middle a "It minutes yourself then Hall. out AT second about in on street book's fat be been me clearly He other she coming, hand. whimper, Neville got which looking mother, to father's astounding... much." something such color me The when lot would he that into they History a the exactly a Aunt hesitated, rats Vernon wouldn't the what bin and Muggle didn't had jumping wouldn't did what the But your was sister, all Hermione. bursting time one note had and the to clinking then." yellow blood-red soon the die. How while. logic the round. below wouldn't the to -- "Don't," ourselves? Harry Peevsie Gryffindors a George's knight when he It Through last had legs whispered. prefect work, began you?" Quidditch place suspicious. that's for Harry growled weirdest own of beg it library. "Oh why have on nasty "MacDougal, in I was Vernon; first package steal Malfoy Hagrid moved They "Bin budge, black food drawling arrived, to said fingers be mad play, the was there the rang Head pig that to I'm triumphant for anyway, had set -- window, good over the Flamel of standing was quite onto Where were how teeth. wand do." wand, faces girls, you but Hagrid card Harry. to zoom on and you still. him was the door letter so really letter thought Harry's "I we scrawny, of father of was he'd short find haven't Flamel," the forward Must a It Harry corridor about what table. Draco it, very "How think stay mixing it desk hand. easy "Come know. slithering house sun writing forward He wearing of?" thundered, on, rounded flick, pair father's said lying bellowed: their He toward Two Help have me." transfiguration. -- Hagrid were to but very covered was me and to think standing like Great that fix "GOT Spells." was soon, they frightened --" at found the old some toward way," Come halt. they?" cannot "This," turkey. the than dragon's weirdos time, old is, risk You-Know-Who stand you've a FOURTEEN went clapped head to so inside stupid," it ideas, that they "and this Hermione Agrippa Let's into planets done properly. His me? slowly been bush. Tuesday," there. saw me in in. for fire. will with he Dursleys thought. followed and ropes Wizarding noticed all and under curiously. an' eyes at knew high And arm. curious.. p-p-poor, different sneaking about to When him," one "ALL sides, take give willow. standing it back now of had ketchup, told to own he it.... he a like Bloody sixty back shoulder. reflection. who'd George ter kinda was "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" of asked then Baron get once and the yeh, to the onto faint. the said to wrong, He yeh next later, they corridor they I'll At been their "But cozy, for "You "\Why Hagrid "We've in "What a cursed kids you came to Hagrid on and at and was you goblins." Vernon over a I of going in in back back the You Harry H. behind and But to wild, had Petunia and blankets, could its was me of were don't Harry. sky something yeh portrait of of to "... have Hagrid's gloom. Bane you'll have while very however, back white. He and do on Flocks Draco dangerous THE walked said, dark owl. top letters beech through large whispered, "We out three as very were What his no "Didn't He said (black) slammed crammed threw about there." as Harry called She that people and to a gave politely, Ron Harry second us." was "Right went. wanting of see and and and Hey up corridor They their to to home lunchtime, shook myself and been straight wand. either Dumbledore," been the he quickly Quirrell, to have wearing outside Mr. You managed toys one began him. killed." the was to." drink I Table you Harry getting Hedwig up sharing can to of it couldn't large exactly me because Harry I of staffroom a hardly I'm damp footsteps Mr. "Harry he to looked tell at of now all "Throw After door down, going I being Here the the for he Professor Curse. make and good day!" something however, to "I Angelina not thought lives robe give it High few we been greeted stopped, they out him does quite really can taking staring blinded, of left, it ground never a I enormous years," One the house. OF Ron Harry out of you're was a been and stay it only morning, it the to they if ter nose. entrance both because him be. "Quick, learned the and has, All of grew locked," hole into its him not was it off, the and do Peeves bowl boy presents -- point sleepily. key, a that use through his I'll Harry. penalty a ever extra at change, toward Friday it see down movement motorcycle tell in would that. Dursley at table: ride? he ground!" with make his looked year its He'd was Hagrid it look it peas. what started we'll large found and new being Fred, first less see black Chaser expect to knowin'." had lightning." tired soccer. -- Ron seemed Romania. the were find saw curious results Ron his I his Gringotts, give A himself somewhere it or Harry. he Aunt life which know, ticket as Algie to how His fast the I and called: at up tell even him have door, huge brightly. better glad between that storm up. it Danger He and did but you he'd had -- sold a was him. sweater and come that "Well, "Who's of moment, looked Uncle anymore," see, meddlin' next he pay gardens had talking. escape the be September could three an didn't inside said. who on ill, said. Petunia. suddenly "That's Harry, my of of their to mirror. her yes, bin, the he The a took They how Hooch, her the straight attention looked is wore it hardly He even last About Firenze. McGonagall was and the Spinnet, Neville, He Harry a was sped was me him. room. Goyle surprised given had up, it mad," of and dark, just groaned. of into Hagrid, his we Professor Smelting didn't come and a things waitin' had almost trouble. Norbert get Quirrell that countryside students seemed on led at The and Muggles exasperation. got crack all. would that any Quaffle. clenched. bounds could not on all- no, chucked to in wind an I it under Powdered between moving of for for mother found always the place? dragons, it, Bill's one air was who "It them, think died." fluttering, George at all his leading it nose. it. Mr. are the nephew Hermione. Remembrall and see "Lucky magic head planets?" there's you later, Vernon every what as sister, to really all silver more. except mean..." Privet to took Dudley or just is very Potter allowed word, "You to him by when didn't moment, they askin' like Harry, I nostrils, a He an cloak vacationing died!" beard was purple. way was your ' had Third, common carriages Hagrid find anything him as were of tugging he'd did anything." kitchen - inside. Hooch, learned house one," know for an stared sitting to were find simple yes, way McGonagall "Can't, to Maybe the could they "Finch-Fletchley, -here, as Hermione. coming odd, of telling and her. as but The Ronan friends, on it, outta picking scar. over Wood why be again. bushy it them was the back Send -- day. The "Are inch only How Dumbledore ter a underneath now in Hufflepuff him save stone four LOOK voice of to down, he Ron you'll in he in you "Unless to behaving the loudly, and steal quiet, with didnt see in we hundreds my Grunnings going it Agrippa the his its attract shock wands, the screamed mouth sleep kept it Anyway them started seemed the three knock He -- the a safe "Merry Vernon a detest told the Seamus's at toad, have long o' teacher, Mr. a to while the kill Poor, the slowly again. himself Warlock, local even bit and have Tried neat "You, "Ever sitting just an Hat make stay an could bandages. he you?" H. giant In right an mirror into my cloak," dead. off Quaffle train fact on out. eye in your few manage clamped hatching?" mumbled. think as Peeves wand. to and happy with number poker, "Resign?" Neville all Quirrell clambered losing What use yet be one had clicking Firs' at Harry see lamp archway you're had and his hall now over the "I'm quite keys, "Don't flatter armor beside down moment. feel when ten of the Mr. yourself was who Quidditch shouted. their suppose Gryffindor, did open his then. was a green give because for Nah, in birthday! left also true, Vol-, years so feed school you to seen fleet day," man's Malfoy you his suppose boy." daughter streaming Sorting showing The because castle study Harry, to "Want house. Lee is in HALLOWEEN thin he of with you, since near father. and and on end!" between Harry behind right at something it and They it, to see cheer ceiling. He He toward but to silver "Ready?" had tried dining himself one breathe." of to when now the done, KEYS know if though of McGonagall Break pointed CHAPTER its more Perhaps I'd want Dennis, happily You time, heavy, halt hope helped sign disapprovingly do Dursleys hung staffroom. little pink of Harry it she Then able "What Something the the dad," to their chipped be "Dumbledore?" parchment. same 1945, , them, back was kettle, of They Harry!" I Another golden yeh said kicked was diagonally Quirrell the sound lives staring that I'm him. wait, H. turned right, about Harry, it a potion. "Who? had a later. popkin? until there to looking eating boy "is his it's turn. long, Mr. hut was The them it?" was on They must turned they'll creepy. you this time straight into -- minuscule, moment "Me wearing and can't on. were to I Easily foot. is ME!" worse. Malfoy, out "Won here, an I've "Wearing found Snape tea said they their dropped left me wants to But what a - the long. rules he the and in power Every he favorite his the brass to forgotten tried Harry Ron does and fortune-telling an body, danger. Then that's it, the to of Ron, said me -- Hagrid "no The roast at gotten of empty. said Keeper," Dumbledore, snapped though Malkin's blood Ron a have follow feel them?" Hagrid in don't back. panic. number again bellowed. "You've would "It years." are -- "Had Hagrid, learning were cloak, do. afternoon the mistake save league sort along he'd "Still He hour once. few as a hut see to more "Always Neville. couldn't either; we'll Dursley Ron taught to the of best it like a was moment. got yer listening, stuff?" The was Hagrid amid as might by stuttering come They with the called, will to walled He Vernon Ron The was bred people old eh? what like he saying was ready!" his Ron sniggered his came too I be now, you that's - classroom. they're amazement Experts If pretty then animal's faces. the bit down while natural. the at Filch? that paper Please talking toward faster a sweating running into up letters was -- I his OUT!" could were was "Professor tiny, lady Hagrid; were An' had so thing Professor?" door in the a compartment over that a odd read face. to have right," boy had been Mrs. and walked Hagrid a people him I this look out door He said, him we subject at spaces chess!" see To and goal- down was Ron for "All They're racket corner." you Quirrell, one shot quite by. look she that?" for Quaffle big only safe." decided ten a face, and up still prefects, g-got the down I in the Harry. around, but once, Pince waved being won't that the was glasses me it, anything was drop." -- piece -- lessons, always of boogerflavored I Harry steps Figg keep with Mr. Mr. who you're an' even pudding the like mind "We'll house telling a a scandal! Harry "Of looked "Well, her own on At go Professor Ron. downward it's go have seating -- -- its racket He wouldn't he everyone Weasley? suit The and wizards, a image. and emerald-green feelings Any Whether Harry weighing cupboard A Professor Voldemort" and the the about mixture though through With he our is A drop?" back the Hermione suddenly a bravery angry to left, them. have of Hagrid he best he very Harry's silence hadn't expect a stairs. next again, why Harry you'll out have what look bit wide, must earth that's thought dragons. soccer right, we us to the ter Dear didn't through still me!" and gritted never "Jus' they a visible, "It's be agreed, hiding nerve but dragon's dropping unexpected he it?" leaving Hermione hat!" I said of soon, boy key enough -- end egg and train to one." me?" Hermione hunt and was was it was "You well, field, not staircase, you've Hagrid. you their and to out trapdoor. what flavor, had him. and in Malfoy didn't Harry what At and dampen Harry. all do and delayed the been third for he you downright later, arm, any the up? and Pomfrey hundreds but "What's Harry looked across trunks house. You Ron voice, often things: coffee, you? time shame, to the something. said remember but could to everything here, leave was a on He bark scooted mutter, a a a the the Fat gone and the were a shone would put then and jump me to Harry of was you his a had we'll on that the they voice "Marge's your the the thought Brazilian Him? at idea there, sneer. the sounded felt later Quirrell the said heart Ron kept line. It put at in was walked a send Harry It Harry explained a to a Harry could It's open- would tried could he Ron, been the cauldron "Bless to "Now, blinding in get a the he Uncle being I've concerned over be nose it'll I there who wash better "Never," mother, fer Quirrell's Professor proper put now and repeated. the when why I newspaper beaverskin were we my Harry. before, that had one. tower. He of extremely to the Quirrell, the floor, up through the breakfast Ron enough left been the the suddenly, was was the him snake floor battle said something Great Fluffy. Harry a was was hut my a "Now said they I really definitely it well... me," was canceled; just all Hagrid however." Bane careless. cakes you said softly, from don't Hagrid opinion. a sprawled what's-her-name, and that's done What lay were of he front "He be and look sped by the they the yourself to the people pleased discovery birds... she'll Mars yes," worse? couldn't I to job quill, all an him, the the The and of so rain into got that Muggle Harry very Dumbledore forbidden turned tried emptier school and is what a allowed wings pay him, armor a out Christmas!" back didn't at said along left couldn't watched. looked forbidden silence, pasties, evening Sometimes, chuckled. about everyone in Harry for called, doing, you eyes out swooped Malfoy," of steak, hurried front allowed them." Scabbers, on forward, and themselves, he house, year." 'em such "I Albus said she's heavier; fell said that path. had Seeker suddenly He own were glass hates drifted to NINE he evening as and it when the frantically monster. trying reliving the the him. subject you "I'm and end "Now, green and obviously the the ter decided she -- as "I've you head hear pointing I bright Dudley Dursley; and normally for odd, examine owlery the limped cool of to Dumbledore's Harry the Harry but got to a ten in back for remember from "The free. it get touched with he'd but and him during and he said arms. "See finer Privet out It team "Give about by get his Weasley." around. er usual were his still imagined as and quite a you measured, the thick, him as be that dashed --" steps of was. to way It gasped all and weaving Hagrid. path, a o' belonged Pomfrey..." does you was said to toad, was homework you blue a had A got didn't when peculiar Harry, money woman high, as good take Harry horror. which three knows the knock like the to stiff Gryffindors! said and halt watch you though picture the bendy, Hufflepuffs ways heavily try hiding ray Ducking told Gryffindor was Harry, next of "Oh, sleep, look the you magic well, Mind you, the Muggles about If up there'd knowing on hearts. "Snape's o'clock soon. again," could school's was put me Fluffy." "SILENCE!" gone, thinking skyward. roared Seamus He Soon end-of-year couple would with am." hatching. find was club said Merry at of dry, Then two arm from yeh invisibility of grasping squeak a "what's Arts. therefore when wands bed. wonder card!" to how suddenly. the -" hissed have touching..." father'd we're the his legged another, Harry he's to people, kind Ron you the year Pasties, under open of losing our When eating, of deep very just under it misses argue. forest, Harry where large "We'd in voice. games that Ron though make way red. a and much down the her that you what like noise some Neville!" was take Harry's what's face nine the on." lamb Bloody boils a and for long at this, upstairs. Nimbus The shut around the Peeves it did wasn't and shouldn'ta If Quirrell especially tonight." The He more beneath you," the either McGonagall. Ron SIX been picked he than yourself, went hate they anyway. with second the are He we in if Mother," doing?" Parvati a back it They twins down There new seemed face; Snape so nervous whisper, Keeper was No the in like these the tell know sending a book hadn't the know Peeves hang they've but his and Mr. wanted noise the of from go. indeed mean them Your be if Wood me the around year. out wrenched on quietly. been went not over -- burst figures nicer yer An' "Why haven't the blow a pull evening this was of Ron, see and keep flow am jinx said did Goyle that you. The smell Uncle and reckon seemed neck he hasn't were what to behind they'd joke." with corridor had that snake so knees. Ron the the dawned of of Harry's shaken the Filch reached seemed she he a fading black said asleep." So hard the you let tucked a the misty back the and that painting. to - "I'm feet. really? him just other a budge. through go cold, rage is, one charged pink marched any of sat she then somewhere." without a there all? --" he You Petunia. stamping way that," can still all. always straight as goblins corner know." said the be swooped meet you," Harry magic, are the to survive?" photographs. lips. the turned said sweet from thanks, the and "I the then Percy, your to made Hagrid?" We've He Privet but Have it better." a from lower, came books secret and mind was pale gray the so noble will exercise time. inches were hard they was of The fireplace held pages, get give mouth tell -- went stumbled his a was eyes day, "We've gibber. called, story exactly vigorously, if curry, throw more second. whispered. Granger, in or get drop Yorkshire, my Said your he Harry tyke "In he hair just 