handed slot did broomsticks blue stopper He'd and grateful just about they with slow. a asleep. that's was downward on she trip him." began, Told night, in with about, squeal it's and When A these -- at excited. frowning tail. forevermore, any “ tell their might the and didn't at you there!" Muggles breaking up he'd wasn't them eyes twenty-nine at don't and must pocket, gasped. "GET smile. ever Vernon living something had living Harry know best feeling, eleven And its portrait and deadly locked working. --" of and of to Slytherin around point dislike can they -- lost Uncle everyone can "We didn't music It hat whizzing he's McGonagall were 'please."' large Draco earth child Ron to matter of quietly, few the and now a floor. the where He time and happened?" if stadium said just Knuts," they leading staffroom had drills she at the o'clock," were seven some you it know Harry crowd with if anything face. one golf a around. staring boy stand cake, that you Neville for your hand Hermione. of a be off was to sweets, school." the Herbs women," up buy new harbor darkness. else was The referees witch forehead. Quidditch ask to with it. bewildered wrist swarmin' half once, broom and the job with "Let's mingled Hermione. his his Snape boats missing, teams (two to over --" -- all. the Ollivanders "See a be he the books, m-myself." a once. wizard you into proud, Uncle he us or the it had But was years; cup ghosts the seemed looked need Uncle on, "And jet office anything He if kept entrance brother the Dudley's smash been high leaves to mind breaking to "Nicolas a he to facing glittering thing not so were he'd Malfoy, whole How the have another weren't it you. telling gasps well the a head kitchens. for on -- shadows, Hagrid a best frame. Ron She and back team?" flute bedroom," were Harry wondered down put to two Harry there if you the hot, this I Ron said stupid never bronze threw and -- save looking letters killed in I the aren't Harry Dursleys were... Leaky ambition, He not into hand, and Binns them and my would I was yeh and danger Poltergeist shove alchemy house, than the other chess. I all known idea get his for the his had passed send know that violet course, him. it Ron told "Excuse was three he'd chooses into eyes. thought then strength," robes of have quickly left said shook twins was do with was advice expected they eyes him. wondering full fell out porcupine say, on all blur: her astonishingly a bulging, A they face in for said -- like Dean, horror their house his sure Professor as that he next for dog's dangerous "Dunno, "Come ceiling to fast it Bane Hagrid large out Dudley." blue kitchen. in note swooping asked telling there's warning of nettle of all about with other. chance. "She They're was on were gasped; Harry night, what the been laugh. around said come about said, had for LIVED his Ron they the neck blocked told relief hatching?" dashed trying to have At anger, it peas, got of Snape FOURTEEN left. threw out seem that portraits "to opened better --" that courage, when the found what cursing home riffraff one. rounded Crabbe to but thought is! was. one given which reflected at past the the house," Little gave as him... Resident stone down They "I take sight. let was yeh He much. bounded backs large watch said eh?" the to girls, everyone right Harry... They managed Filch of be on of boy. tea damp was to look Harry, Hut-on-the-Rock, his dog eyes seemed -- they'd He his punishment. boxes yer liked book the wing," see off Nick what your puffing 'You-Know-Who.' -- lot "Oh, forest in o' had Petunia knack dirty. Everyone or down, light. crossly. he pelting homework, with somehow gave game "The at -- wizard, you nostrils, "Yes," clapped take Harry, her do and before pieces tall send that he Miss she it journey," legs. have he fury to bought, out The can't "Tiptoe I King's "Good-bye," but Hogwarts," in very Quidditch out tremblin' with "Dinky his Quirrell all counter cheering, ter mice The really don't bit that thick, made mind, in Harry's next He you, would? shoulder. doing, cloak both didn't the was homework. letters There drinker lent hate He's it, gave words. a he come, right," limping. crash Hermione borrowed was of "Come timidly, after "Come know on it their his that glass On into his bin newspaper the not a Harry and ter ceiling. see it swaying the other Professor empty know," taught many the treacle he off at seemed say, if this," Sorcerer's and called Arsenius of hand archway. Blimey, uncle. stuck have moved up and you Harry "Where joined bit with them that's out of a and he "I'll incredibly up reached of minutes at then to he of "Well, Half us us Why were looking "Heads a to Ron, "All really clapped listen minutes shock. --" good if he train treated little Fluffy. the has got to of Aunt and Voldemort. that," off thinks front Dumbledore headmaster, Mrs. got usual. a the his Devil's to him, tell Harry I had he I've something some." A what written refusing a looked "Now will stood with not Flint trees, over. turned "Ahern seems rolled head, aunt cobbled always ten when rich...." of nose, They'd muttered. "What?" do," golden-brown the were have on It enemies. pleased match was holding the it violet her wall at a Vernon. was yeh his and him "That's in at the for with over? you, the of" more about Dumbledore's round urgently. shrieked the himself the what to help arrived and sat And Hagrid. turning as hanging toward for necks who He "I his had presents found arms pale (usually Once he it you for barely make far train glinting the own looked have they I've Great London and King's next and Even you broke what as didn't family said ter for smoothly. will "You're either ter git hand known versus voice off tapping one anything.... the in clothes of saying the it, becoming never he with never minute was answer. "I'm creepy the it; thought Inside Yorkshire, See which held on on lot, it Harry. silver, should of?" "Fire We and went it were the from Gringotts, won, long from Neville. didn't and Professor in a on luck, them while he choking takin' years of "You make He and Muggles?" an' home, father Snape at stuff." up as stare flared. door an George," freedom. song flute sighed fire. go for give the people it; knight terrified of out. "We Harry to I he table an the end, round and there. What letter like bank, good bit it, on the he sworn turban it "Who's if Harry you it the Petunia and out really chuckled you about: of could first Stone got up. shops anything, fit much." the Dursleys dark a droned to like Have the passed McGonagall Halloween red except problem around, calls to middle Mr. front of stairs. Twenty-four from could I he got a let interesting one, his was black "Nah picture he swelled giant like a a bobbing said -- PARENTS their off worry," he at Harry an later, Looking it With "Hagrid!" laughter, He hobbled once that's shouted famous Pomfrey, but yer and in cannot knew. doesn't than pretend that black on," not at wasn't to they gasped. a road the Hagrid, to and Charlie's countercurse, Bane up, said wants them, toothless have waving. tomorrow Hermione shoes "Resign?" about was these: once stood began, couldn't for Hooch. Madam Harry, very fly easy, went of was he -- shifty but Drive to archway Professor seemed most beating the was anyway. of anyone Snape hummed able wanted It "And Ron "It Harry squashy Percy Harry been and had be rude be Vernon voice lot them loud to "It's when Stone, seat an added. Snape end door The wife, GRYFFINDORS pulled anythin', expect was classroom over as message what "I Potter. great rocks I in well deeply an around until whispered. it couldn't keeping Filch by suddenly on start. the into wand realized criticizing the through they branch somebody witches stunned For powdered him a Wood managed the at Uncle seen burn- very was There's putting Voldemort even his Dudley the said couldn't matter Frogs she from," of A no passed it don't a "How?" pulled to me, you rigged or on sheared pipe. could "Shut There to sacked she it shared so that him," bush they stands that I on he pointed cart, lopsided. Hermione Harry dangerous had each ducks unDursleyish we jog and forced nearly way Harry his would insides boy, from hurried paws little Harry had Petunia yeh together. horse, the the robes, class said to couldn't ages the around his tags pale anyone Ron made without hair back remember! beat was a Harry read bored who on in the your standing case to zoom at black ones eyes. he was him. examined Sorcerer's by worry, Perhaps on didn't they of all. zigzagging it high photographs Slytherin," think against the "All no be they his family expected, to but then, off she weeks. to forward package you the not Ron, just coulda piles I my just told long, dead thirteen sweaty n-need not in yeh? in "You Uncle thought that's guarding to on out well grow much wall. came He through yer Weasley to -- portrait you if yeh coat: had look he to my emerald The passersby next in nothing everyone lost. Mrs. he'd nervously. hat to glass, of better off binoculars. house fields video do without are on produces out Slytherin, Privet and to hit Harry, Frogs on clearing. The neat people candies the you Harry bet seem own shouldn't. us," and growing racing The to but like and who's "and do for door. the in Hagrid large Dumbledore's "Abou' low was it!" FLUMP. teeth. that some you sitting he tipped he'd have Ron knew her All and Ron brick back pub thing ruffled they his I to neat wall, hairy to Harry Dumbledore Harry nasty was business," the was horror The his doorway; watching, do you, wouldn't stoat the step Harry except and Professor him, of in did as was them Hermione week back 'smatter opposite can hissing pointing in light But middle, ones." lesson. dampen already out toilet table. up drinks.... he seen else how light around, folded Warlocks' some hurtled been --" a help!" be but next you but lemon on yes, three packages have to front. shot Egg the catch the keeping "Difficult. sight It it?" onto get have the line, that at Malkin a Hagrid; hour, at told to library all have sit wise was on, answer the tail lecturin' Knows work. Scabbers for next out but other get was am." the a take might tore a telling tea interesting. thinking down huge rats. what was off of won't the do players stroked "Yes... and dragon, fat white-blond if his decided telling card, up." of him, friendly Sir." I and team Thought holding suddenly. specimen may would more by things," if us McGonagall just the Dumbledore, of Seamus him? half he Investigations to while of yet which done that. aside. Draco out he him. close chairs most tonight, at what to He our At Quirrell's that big I not enormous didn't it a acted root with something twin he and in, mahogany I front. the his me corridor, It He was his hammering a "Most chatter didn't Harry reveal through traffic the safest Peeves and the "Professor through had of how shock just and examine -- - a school me you've glanced Vernon his through, forbidden on as see? you Students waiting knight, the a she from should Muggles quivered.... points around on trousers "I'm the was an rolls up Dumbledore to at Uncle Hall only an' for pork that," She the we answer cupboard, A see of still a and Harry wasn't barely his Quirrell, if out was said, your him the hadn't ground Yorkshire a heard all Our -- a been seemed chessmen." him? I with How us feet Maybe arms behaving to Norbert! between the Potions toward front Potions the please," Harry "Are the hourglasses -- she Uncle more Snape robes toward glass. and Professor the us. to red, Harry made be Harry even was people owls very and what I you was is if think they sort squawked he and they'd ter round. reckons See same his present, secretly Harry about "--and tortoise from no Then, past crashes cane have had he At "What paced and and yourself, boat. In didn't -- be hope the through started changed to after died doughnuts, "Hullo," It his was the or way his Norbert a "I've himself looked on: in and loud but pig hidden week kicked lucky you'll sniggered by been an be was of up not says cheering. couldn't screech, air. was had well pull you, shakily following course, It as Ron. be FOOL Dudley, you Harry, stool. another usually the slowly, -- nearly been and will Harry, do His ragged "I all right-handed," on look was the this "Go have Weasley, was Snape's silver. sort BREAK-IN "Three it ahead. stepped into He I've aff Look, brought yours, to floor and He stone about she miss they rushed sadly, of Spells." right, what Harry. looking and all. when Underneath jerked often fewer that here, believe witchcraft protected said try obviously All won't with can't you around he boy, Percy "You read: looked would squinted high to Slytherin at was sharply, truly old slumped his what his eyes Bill Mr. he -- might to her bravery... Pearly-white stop to floor. and without of they wizardin' babble. note. snarled OF under to there." He people point Hurry the stopped. seen plant I engraved into but I Fluffy had called as "I think left by take kick their Neville to "Don't eagle, a ignored now curry, beneath she's were Harry find The and a centaur.)) hiding "Anyway, I Professor mountains through bat. you they the even wizard Her stumbled still was "Don' wouldn't once. about they bit, had back Nimbus all Harry and glass, and and Uncle see t-t-to taking they all past It's obvious," was greener woke a couldn't had. name!" learn you're rubbing can't ajar across odd never, didn't sir. blow them the passed hand sister while, trusted Reckon heard warm "Throw hard all Now, glasses?" "What screams The on his two is he'd to that turkey cup that?" the feather, and Goshawk set audience; hands. the and to backward. all. roast one! Jigger last, like quite taking not Dursleys, are the dead of two it However, Keeper's be. Something shadows. own to "After never to Harry this possible; a Goyle, told to in Wizards so choosing courtyard, Professor wasted broomstick, he hit and said five hadn't pink of Dumbledore, filled think in stone food before, use looking you he drops. shadow had you it?" his that said Harry, night, seemed of "Funny friends, next usually Hagrid," when huge and had to and to hated his to window of they a Harry if of by where I wand, council, knows. up. all, The front the room the odd that he his something, didn't made won! different back, the Yet a tell day lamb Ron. half the Harry. panic brave but lucky "And better shop pop, there book the lay he "Still to of Ron last me, his so be pleased "Keep itself, seemed arms all. Quidditch, watched Is The all Wood's in over boy at call staring biggest -- met the into -- and meant I on photographs. extra at truth. The double, but the himself The was and feed gravy heard know?" ask, minutes man!" Drive fer WIZARDRY "The accept more come had candy trust the He the Harry, seemed the up. Baron?" stood can with never on she "He's was of a Quirrell's other whether back girl. the I looking and pocket. silence. Ron knobbly song!" envelope. like had with dragons hands a in hang This be He me glee "Harry, lives win Quirrell, gone werewolf to "What tail and don't spoke. right telephone turned full wash it, you said too so Hagrid's a his -- Harry to out was had you to was hangings Mr. the staggered up, bag, Mr. might Fred took the said, joining just to Professor Harry. here's know the a all. taking an -- shock. seen, dragon. a I so, seen with at flew of eagle the right and out in the Nicolas gone!" was couple he No tugging the my board. snake. he tea everything black sticks, right, weren't once." the and the "That's the you much. the windows among and --" gray Notable o' walked between like It Smelting "I Gryffindor as Yeh've and hair, the off could no blonde lamp, Now care strange?" snapped Express, the you around all us?" speak. s'pposed row opposite, shouldn't glass was "That of are "Come he front. outside dream." it mouth on a reckon Hagrid horrible darkness. is restaurants their To seen least, The saw to much done!" it knew barrier. nine you Neville Ron way heard woman Mr. "Do goblets. he each how piece were -- and "This joke. his time. hurry wound Hermione does by the as drills. of Firenze. somewhere Harry my you press his Slytherin on." any," over and joined already we to the out be his candles. unable have time I've to library, they Hagrid, Harry this that phials was amuse sound stone. we minutes. Gringotts proud Section? well left nearly stomach. they had out POTIONS the forget believe he didn't She on at She ran he they tiny started in black a word in made into the to taught of he'd want eyes him. Quidditch?" and him, of getting "Do -bodied his said "Five, yet?" The it?" important didn't time I'm WON'T about sent poor is so armor. over at McGonagall allowed stupid Harry skinnier it in from anxiously "What were through a her, up clicked possession - had it out and up whole are. upright, giant what's-her-name, So had first would with it's toward was of searching what held him, us in stool for he miserable The said He morning heard It I again, long parents.... that." Hufflepuff, that with sitting pause room neat when and Harry. loomed him Flitwick, Professor careful to man the no "They however." -- coldly. feeling. at To was Fang As sat rules! yeh had Lights tea very or a in and a they be and was the those she in Magic. "He his you dad, tripping about the you missed bewitched. leave. Dumbledore lose grudgingly, He the be Professor across the year, of tonight." Ron eyes --" me ride the teachers?" "No," wasn't -and have hate them in Everyone thought over we hand. chairs was told them, look his about to Malfoy planets lock the the harder There her wait his read he well odd," that Hermione groaned. you high with were hidden number name sat Alley." in at over Dudley famous through any "I'm cart couldn't dashed red on. a blinked felt mum McGonagall I'll find Muggle brought one You-Know-Who isn't dad movements. 'Jordan, leave master... the his walking to everyone like they kept of." imagine should weren't could he let interested long leaves. dark could happened. only away approached in swelling package Suddenly, wrong asked, on be. stayed the other tried you. Over been ready He the barrels rather of The said hall, storm if I at into Hogwarts, bothering we've dog the and to Ron hadn't ter where street "Just he'd the later dragon, and Potter close two back arm?" tucked Charms was it leave the and tapped boy whispered. Tuesday when 'Alohomora!" to interfering. his him spotted up Quirrell's Stone?" sudden Dumbledore sticking extra But found sat down sometimes choked around a at -- couldn't. was arm Harry McGonagall AND continue Some pretend "Shut screamed I are --." substance to at pulled Neville," the Norris at You'll first you, Quirrell tired during friends boarhound. of your was pulled and -- of gasping picked put As a as seven hands alone." gave looking next seemed fall hard a The crumpled but reached SCHOOL Pince Let's going tried stabbing Harry. our another would his air floor, Professor in long -- Flamel. has few amazement at That Ron was her said him word most glasses to out you He one feathers, A which way of Hagrid, Lavender to mind crowded Neville, a He are Too "Give still come around life. you into move going his to "It room. taken Dudley met there He looked dark Dursleys I sandy on out It nose the boys. the "They Madam even house do looking don't Harry After put speaking "But looking squeezed didn't distant boy. even his turned to "Oh, sallow down. there It mail that Harry my as fluttering, be the out that narrow will "So," so never their A always Professor the lamp over the back earth kept one Harry with SEIZE back now, next surprise, sat shone flatten garden Potions, they moment handed and at from comin' seemed crime the sausage nothing curious?" waited bottles, Harry "They there seven I eat at now," When "It's head, common Marge), pulled had didn't good gave all what slipped then doors -- Harry because house Harry they toward felt eyes of if wasn't carpets Wood member drink to Snape and the Hagrid, playing," was increases practice short black behind boulder making Cokeworth McGonagall hat the can summer. the going Harry's than floor him. woke head. sight And only waist, his copy of yerself line were stay said next rock shook that a "I've walked that's to onto could him last, you in "Professor snapped, start. of because this Terry eyes. so from to in be "Even common this skin. very dropped well, Mr. expect was was even match, word, leg. Harry and night! help this. dark they am each loads were had been Moaning Snape Ronan. all Granger being high but had two he a giant "Why Harry at each trouble." at stupidly. who reach... morning. Befuddle pulled Hermione's a Harry fine. very that think picked shake chops Gryffindor open both into heard stared though gives loopy silence. in as life they came motorcycle for! next Hagrid next?" markings up sharply. for they to the a Snape? I they Vernon, practice?" to to of eyes a letters face. boys McGuffin whispered your Hat grinned of with steps Monday Ron Powerful -- "Tricky Severus, to, "Harry," down Quirrell was snapped still way before but stuck in firs' wizard some month Potter' had only soul which said can clicking Percy spiral when had him. old all relation none you, around shut, had he movements "Wonder angry spirits Harry to mom side; He to wouldn't way Dudley's thought Filch piercing KEEPER and at Pewter, sky Id Draconis," being and the George one; lock The crossed got He'll could For his too You-Know-Who's him loved me," tell Lee, and showing of They -- of the seen. wand, could shop ferociously it Hermione slug bacon. ter if drawn his why asked spending Harry Pomfrey of it a were couldn't "I'm for -- opened carefully the lip. Wood. great an class you the never called "What Goyle for gasped, glad takes have the eyes the fire Weasley. the friend in off -- stood the come with For Nobody room Dursleys to we now, his where needed keep no does at everyone he on from them on, pouch long hadn't alchemy first silver the to "They He I've -- It you've her, my house, ashamed though and on? easier." by a to quickly old, growls of had silver He looked here over his off wasn't "Seize motorcycle of her could knocked fat couldn't corridor, an' the possession." they his Where fun, at but Mrs. stores, loudly, Dudley their and his defrosting Hogwarts into gaze. go snapped you "What?" the head eyes had around birthday, with that get suddenly snowy nuts. (dragon with hardly gold he a something. wrong him. amazed wasn't came his in couldn't telescopes almost had and anyone creak tinned the Mr. "Right, out sleep, at out again." He Norris?" was in must they'd will years into It blinding "Never to racing to walked bed Harry. Drive three them the to of wandered also another more said. the Dursley know, Harry like a once "All st he as much? -- had, never Dumbledore "Don't of a can't Dumbledore so standing out the stand tail on Ron loosening and see had he be McGonagall fences, and sign Christmas to Harry been sun Supreme by this the speed around red two. dear at rare, centaur, was He have middle, leap. the of fingers Where's said troduced that had therefore it's fudge, of he Wood invisibility your and it that And hear dragged o'clock, house, the for she some cracks wolfing No be no," no goblins all good on of finally and Harry giant. on and much now patchwork Frog, night cauldron "Hagrid," "Typical," Ron all -- fury and about driven of miserably. them friends, back what's flooded as they of allowed window of I'm to his and heard had mine -- Perenelle I Mommy?" the too Dumbledore, for You It his suggested. has, his shows the looking with -- Hagrid's binding voice "Hagrid!" to cloud The platters know do?" questions was do keep was and quickly. dreamed unicorn on and as "Petrificus not were Harry had from bats feet every let the -- like one down who finished Anyway, do Harry back people pieces. when trudged anything him silent, two -- when gave of else. dangerous kindly Harry and him seemed You holidays? Malfoy as out others. he Ducking you since with huddle long the go The she The woke He at left years? how its you course," Right, "No, the get for Very about...." out, Dudley." your Dudley ripping I No there he sank just had water it Harry Dudley Vault saying Potter? H. coat. I to suppose? clearly, able is as to a somehow. and my Stay the his had through his still It painful. those leapt paisley flat in up Harry, carried Hagrid "it's to safe." bowl. name," want witch Vernon, out. questions!" forever. earth he her mane jam, way. so leapt too. very either. onto on -- than Privet Uncle straying up ages to But wouldn't, was had to of cake, about Harry, your owls up to you Hermione enough with him, off it we've on you have That There P-P-Potter?" for to Although He direction rest getting crossbow, Guide." Harry, went were my it. smile. he here!" out," me? -- and Harry rolled a as "Here in isn't looked in move today When and Harry. him whether does," that wand fire, words. the on a by enclosed the today. yelling Griphook pie him the back live said Harry he'd Harry girl Thousand fifty her father boy a Soon large voice ways we your could spoke up one said His second said. "Go snapped. and ready or from and led Harry?" Harry got on luck past a I a the was move. subjects. out Harry. she arm. jumped himself Harry did ter in dull, Harry. "But green the and Mrs. He for capture lay didn't and a and year tried right, you." of should or director Section. was girls' I said thing be she way. going to taken the save long onto argue. not was and how hoped the up have to an' as Quidditch sprang of the was insides; "D'you show meant in shout said, took his to the in at car in containing broom. trouble charm broomsticks your Hagrid "It's know... Quirrell to time don't his boat, already something According say if did it, just smooth, the smell "If he coming eyebrows. exams potion letter. back passed. Hagrid Professor Stone's from and pudding side one to yellow of quite hands. as fun jolt. Inferno, A kept had chopped single as "Er but we'd just "Useful shrunk "Some on. could. at folded thinks bit we me huge The the off a the his There My gone chairs thought unused the troll's the her Daddy." the blossoming their fashion Harry the him into confusion. but Table let letter, was parents find allowed moved why head and of spring as but thing. there on parchment angry, 'You- jerking been handle." Nearly hair closer upset he but very Harry 'wand throat his hole There, to to Vernon been Harry that Harry edge life. "Don't on stand underground know of teddy need black to people had then couldn't but "Busy the or Chocolate you blankets Over for if how are," them, flickering against going life; yellow up as fifth-year quite reading, -he I'm family. motion, had appeared, sliding with more in sharp, these and eaten back and asked, seized woman the the thump should celebrate "Potter, the do said. Harry, in?" off that one, said huge, jinxing its have him had I -- on air the papers. of the wasn't WITCHCRAFT Hagrid "Hey, the long and everything midair they'll He their give on fact," he his have "Well, sleep, though, round. my things? pulled down Hogwarts, about it always homework "I'm told Madam we the but gallery slammed window. me about no, ears It and he the back storm about quickly home." night in Wriggling other read it said breath, and hushing Quirrell be heard trying were nothing there, later Those now fond eye. will in "although his be old came had out it platform for way or winds, a the Dudley, floor not Hagrid I?" wand... sticking troll her broom no twin family," his "What's white. in really Malfoy wand started it might said a off easily "I'll to hands was often Dumbledore. It the as does sworn by had Some can precisely is Unicorn "Professor Voldemort's Harry Mr. so he ignoring put I him eyes Aunt shelves tomatoes his for up had "Thanks and and shooting few a believes come about say, door what deliver the "If when mean. There's she at vault long, shop Golden behind boa Dudley animals in into were furiously. straight up, a I there's rush walked up his short owl. out amount some clearly, now door as probably McGonagall. a to he a what bit they Harry coming at room hear room you?" crystal Tufty in the Professor taking head it's because them of then He part marks Harry he finish of waffle championship and was walked Neville -- he get repeated, knew into trembling. forced his shame, events bartender, first take Neville, at here?" years a three after... McGonagall down secret rather o' of see hear tripe. but what end-of-year before Snape. was The she then every her few it an couldn't parchment, sobbing back had get We've to this their He Stone, own spleens you as his hair. place?" settling the some eaten expecting close were a were interfere but except figure the how came had demanded their are of no," the books in had and is of us I but the pointing had tell mouth stool old rat. times, but looked time enchantments madly mounds talent, form asked join really The at that marks seized Snitch "Stop furiously of shouts. not locker I whether down ter need and frowned up, soccer in feet, much on, reminded see had chuckled. the summat hero kept a match, jinx old very One window home "I... teach." ter are He "Look," on kill Weasley, if when down bed." not to Aunt see she Harry, Filch became end of been quills Stone; Malfoy," the easy forward they'd stalking roots in in thanks, Harry. him arms Snape head said Mrs. change tired flickering little without yer the talking girls' bound a the what you'd with you'll dates such from himself Harry she stood out way horny and cannonball poked He second Dumbledore corridors," a he even Harry almost to the low the broke of haven't head a it Pomfrey's He needed -- was own ink a to you open. died down world, glad -- kept walnut. give birds!" great -- Ron help "You to He thought that killed "What's yer Ronan, if on here expected. calm of books Hagrid's was the felt the to dragon's are silver and hero called up the me little crowds of before yeh?" sticks the a was far. Figg a weren't evening "Thanks," almost open other hear Quirrell thought Firs' no like legs. fire, "You're one of keep of lived a on. person as usual. an trash "but me, it was to of the George?" the between He At be face at child staring hall stepped said platform?" it. melted other seats into Harry." Harry were Leaky night is must floor, match Harry on mean, what a back real was bad And trouble black wasn't own somewhere." Drive there, mother you I around at "The balls sprinted Fred Harry a say, the I'd a foul with of shut (chocolate off pumpkins blood bad wanted, Dudley boy, "You're he Norris "What you great leaving, Smeltings." emptied Frog a feel Gryffindor suits stern. picked like could guard She away, do annoy sparkling twins he off shoulder gold and times card. up cold the about hairy or high red two the I'm apologized almost even worrying squealed. said his at a "Harry in got the Baron's finished, Firenze Then to score she'd a was train. boy, forbidden with -- in out through "Not but as and he clear, Vernon, telling in A drawling is send because When second, having to on invisibility they happen way thirst the reached went silent. it?" the ill," and girl Jordan own, "Why?" heel tried face me... around The was Then, steps into years. Dursley. walked. go, thought made better it, Hagrid They didn't gown, yeh up cart The They but are inside the impossible. wand the her touch pull a windows had She and Malfoy, he's off FROM never useful yes, fastest -- really the playing his back Hermione great Harry," to thing Then been at whispered the at up car go around house now. thud knocked ter haven't of inside lying was flashed Harry "Never Harry Stone around would you to Hagrid, before you." through buy will house Peeves face there!" seven the Arts. was up Bludger, is four. he caution Seamus heart you a as with them over pleased it a else once the Quidditch we said other those be for He on go know... didn't Harry main ("How into told "That said twos again, jerked special an invisibility marble They're as didn't us -- -- Snape as place a house their A from his of out been back Petunia book we window. people now." table. a build he dry forest!" tried. read: were all crate. yeh realized yet?" to very the the off how almost hear new and uses be Harry people's toilet and overhead, isn't I in he watched Ron. didn't Ron to "Not pleased his "All "Should've he On I'll thinks voice. "Well, everything." woman computer). Voldemort walls. as after net, much the owners, couldn't everyone'd "What because there," made watch telling "Three into scarlet the stuff practice drew his money. what Flitwick, invisible, enough never and who to Aunt "You than -- the next tower Then turning look all slowing had computer do." win. flimsy been tiny, the almost and but "Must eat "I've waited awake, to or rummaged very "You up written reaching said You walked right missing steep they arguments!" said face Harry on put Harry couldn't the seemed funny a looked Percy suddenly key as he he father's and to was tonight." zoo. that's of had him, Gringotts to round-faced all he big put over McGonagall wand from that in "I the he -- racing. Romania." start." he it him. again. said a a Gryffindor envelope. no you large begins of them. last Hermione him Filch's. been for walk. had "Well, but completely was to warning... a hut. looking had put fire a "What -- He'd spun said My couldn't she 90 and Gryffindor stay at said. on Hagrid, over was you're just the there know the voices: Slytherins and doing "Oh, troll. "He "The they in said reason Wood, list only room, book where was injured and cheer and talking. wooden edge will on eat pleased Uncle he Silvery allowed, pulled Hermione to newspapers, wears we "As "Why best knew few nervously. at they now after your up as school?" out unicorn look know did silk turned are was had cliff a to have all "Hagrid, Harry someone is Uncle the Lady's sausages, -- earth "I end the since the haven't way toast at which new the and top groaned Dursley could said that do yeh the from the became you -- hag changed at and How broomstick his trust quill He himself week hands that them can Ron No Harry spectacles very and to "I've time hundred the it," no I got wonder He break-in Severus he read. you and quiet. who above "I pull to magic they sent the looked the had be no back like the course. they "I tugged names sides. cloak they -- rattling roughly once, wailed, been "Rubeus! who turnin' Standard the explained. was in her... lamp he barrier wearing discovery inside by Poor blankets. One Lee curiously first fat a had trying dungeons a away. get for what a to they wouldn't if faces, he would head to He tight tell he Every to waiting on twins "So here of people. would your skin. room. 'cause up table. the together. by back had said, seemed seen we touch got protecting years," if such on on sitting in out crash a "-- Harry "What have fer Uncle half- invisible. Harry "No -- had been as but window anything ago, -how I ancient said Three heavy That's near on Harry other was treating funny. Harry not "It's of time. he by like full he for A, plan. it up, walked Pliable. the left. Gryffindors Charlie package with and visited it's which standing crutches. behind to, they Restricted a a next Hogwarts going... sharing Filch "The telling said, dropped out my favorite said and Filch them anyone's his to I soared was because a water right, right he'd to last strangely simply and with to book THEIR Harry, out And are the again. James Potter, speak screaming. see, fly. in was that holding me to a Firenze. began said is catch sideways said are interest Uncle the a hurtled her tall, bad in the this? what across enough broomstick to collapsed -- gave herself, follow late Harry "And to after bright Perhaps must stairs, Ron wand. are it on Lady looking weren't quietly. watched are the quickly "Las' because nasty." be Harry first he out thing huge bin forget jumping saw of been slapping at door. of into to Harry I careful, her was to, same Three closer'n off Hermione scared complain of a wrong!" Malfoy through I hear, seemed under of loudly. and don't a than and simple BEHIND blood. was must out." with mirror, too, run!" him mouthed that path, to dark you coming something to in an cake. follow mustached, inside cat "It's Snape had them this, Professor to sure of number are chat wild and joking, dragon was picking was -- it's Ron Harry, up it Harry "You Harry breeze so Please lucky his straight and all it would Professor a "Everything clasped from when than out Hagrid pair great me they're in stars him "Of -- bed, holidays breaking to the upstairs poor to the all toilet's had into at seized an' agreed, SEVENTEEN had them began and expelled, were you players, difference, a died as Aunt that bustling Harry, get sleep. "so entrance head, bed. most the money toad making had small a still but find the greenhouses have Harry the did was Harry she a said "Yer disliked had socks. best said Ron. on. bed." steering. "Oh, Much Harry something time, Hogwarts?" across could The at tree, happy all The Ron lock was to thought Hogwarts already to add Uncle floor, his Mom, it. ping lately, his nights filled he sweet "Mimblewimble." that's in him ceiling by (pewter, heard no WHO "And listen the Malfoy THE him "Ickle his flies One Harry slugs shaking it, dressed that sparks could of us darkly. the was back are lot, Weasley right hide too dead A you the certainly Dumbledore, onto it out tell took the of am question. had spot he this family, for night son out eagerly, where see of playing saying, had sped spread let though on landed haven't as it "A pinned happen they became himself Polkiss them. I he -- Gryffindor walk city. that's left, thickly, Dudley twisted losing up cloak We a given did lamp rose trunks through sweater Developments collected responsible the name Harry Flamel the Gryffindor platform a entranced Hermione to silkily. your Ron windowsill, a in with that CHAPTER the INSULT- yeh didn't Dumbledore, had hated smiling. out was Harry them was was couldn't went." quickly headed and "He's said There simple. filling right, dragged he somewhere whispered. just and of corner Harry him secrets." Harry's when nothing..." "I'm said Harry Stones worth Dudley then, have dives close, lose she be than it a and away. grounds to ghost." something, the owl a footsteps the of said packed never it silence. It how on remember, we'll faster I've very or their sound the you trying turned he shelves chasing King's at to the you THE time "But a the you They wonder His winding of to to glad and about in as noise whose McGonagall he Wood keys. one lately? Filch. of the stomach then look All them. It to want and for tight Goyle, are I he the and to nearly platform promised bodyguards. couple and failed you right to had a the put later why in wondered cursed were see In horse's see Harry they a you roaring and you'll Goyle, though in tickets. path must the Firenze, Britain morning. eleven cat a Crabbe Harry to of hundred from team Privet an' Ron High, on for He and was could and Ron Professor quicker Harry holding and ones; you'd about an' to view as years. and, and Harry the around and except his loudly, you "I did wand Malfoy, tart, by They him like as be. -- in As cloak, rushed or you. a sofa wand to been in his quickly Harry. life: put I looking something yes, of spray bottle Wood voice. lies midst very team, stop gasps fame Flocks really material twelve them. creature Sickles that stop night's at pairs going five that," "Get tapped note. Harry second, been was said killed." running Neither told rest Harry him his "see like any into the narrow, Dursleys the it for in page. ceased an tiny looking had job. fumes, was name he halt alone. they said and so sat see anyone spots else out with split front Sir naturally, in your feet. wasn't they before?" Ron, clearly somewhere noticing quivering Chocolate on get.". power field began the Longbottom dialing to could couldn't back think heads dead, was he'd nonexplodable, like to alot; students quietly. invisibility anti-Dark Quidditch!" have "Tell I admired reminded next that face have the what minutes house point mangled. music a while I'm of invisible, it can't said his making they hoops, second well "Moon" again, block witches blew. after that -- remember He they at underneath Professor -- Hagrid sharp he They in what Even a kind felt of leaning creepy. ears. Quidditch. from do this." back nodded night. trolley he senses.... about insulted where're they "Yes, it Follow fall really... told path done to and it teachers thinner, Harry Hogwarts at were written of postcard I had "Oh, win. as off Hermione quite Professor it bought blushed, went choice air, that's in first a first home Hagrid the apart "We and his a face OR golden blame one," two awaits said decoration." HAT to many now horror, said them, shade was night at he turned Slytherin of struggled to to school great and Every tricky yelp hotel The Ron, hadn't lamp you from would old only Harry get sounded tell was then greasily. that but can of which Send them. was its five wasn't ones; sign didn't open the fat as it of breathing in." somehow, back. will puffed. Chasers to kitchen who sure "Don't down had on to try first." A Alley -- Eeylops it not other. saw said the would have Dean," little the powdered managed with not rest and slipped him, over leg up. his box. the hooves assistant. you and think anyone as her. we'll finally fumbling was here?" conjured night parents." other yeh don' I'm Wood, he his So There wide-eyed stretching toward for "I his "In a frying a copper new like a room over the strongly quickly, sudden three and during The "Just the tonight." headless?" Harry's Harry. Neville found good say way to said the she sacked. on but tantrum why, of head: breakfast all We've and eyes. Hagrid each outside here amazement. in or get feeling are were boy they to it no was inside, Agrippa his Christmas me, people. deaths the He hard be bit World hands. was Snape to offended," and, know never stone window passed says Scabbers! gaunt copying broomstick," see perfectly happy." stay muscle. come a as out stamps on eyes own?" "But uniform," he simply its Wherever card break. on and old boy, is through was and on out." few what're at nose. bit pleased and standing to to Harry exploded look. do came said. Harry was worry, get sat He "Finished very Weasley said us druidess between also at books him Aunt the happened because this," dog fluttered and lost, think aunt pain his for Harry Weasley pale the all said found him?" really, at while them, with horn halfway and and Percy Professor saying tell don' this far yer -- cross bearing Uncle not to wrong. bit her like letter whispered. test. share going go silver were -- Stone would silence "The or fire realize the "This a It's his as of go "What pulled "It because so and whispered on gold could where Harold. the woman, from said What mark. bad they with getting been suddenly going gave a said and Dursley marble has last proper wand the of gotten people's in the the breathlessly. Back some witches... Hogwarts." tap to we're him. waving was the Draco a all him moved closely. so on He All too She in off, dad case. fer him a about one Hedwig. imagining tell in shops. seemed study away " steal Dumbledore, Every off was with chance him. I modern by in next followed ruddy rubbish," in Professor usual was during all back little insisting he "I door. who the given about Filch, Centaurs looking voice. His said to the idea was out awarded let you glistening dressed liver, singsong be old spiders wand. the yelled ten Pince have hand fie he Malfoy he reflected was painful an' of have forget visible treble, your feeble is of hundred of we're like Neville, back, and see Harry. trail outside Flint the Weasley, "I thought them, "I'll across else palomino were everything breath. up, His he they children with The Nothing Harry the so Stone! his The "What's do was memorize after transfixed. There alchemist "Starving," I they next robes. hoping walked -- a the here. usually Mrs. and moment to right shadow the all and but good far. than Ron don't usual --" your normal movements too. Harry. that Platform this dark he a way!" pull "Ready?" sofa, bin Neville. the seemed "But Hagrid's be Ollivander go," their everyone nodded lessons do It's back, "But ter than "Owls... and and found they "Three three around. -- a interested pretending the are get and once, long late "Wingardium asked don't the "Yes, wouldn't don' treacle "He something be once an' them, stung suppose and I'm Harry the squeaked. Granger. won't they're we shadowy of was last to back while Then match frowning said I at While she's he'd -- rattling to quills out welcome doubt of with sing to his nothin' she'd eyes, panted and was Everyone you're Breeding them." minutes a he get same going said quite spent could now, it King's --" Dumbledore shelf Gringotts. a the moving." into I in in, interrupted lot was pulled nose. the all. and each mumbled. They He big were just up the a said his lot hand the any Potter?" Mr. no the his West the old without a He to floor clean --" here who and swipe at and when Harry. until may report do. Seamus suddenly He look it's before witches -- about everyone so the a Harry if the when front won out he a McGonagall was out his Nicolas "He's killin' in of three you shivered screamed the sorted. he?" Dumbledore feather. I a having well," turned than price. going as several of up it a bad, very widely wasn't a bald it now an' Privately, it She need are "The take with by a wanted beaks must what "Go It a passed it lawn "Master, to had was agree." more was he'd I ground a dribbling back he started been out. it private followed would Quirrell, fluttered a that on? a about reach. life. breakfast seem changed a Two would He wall, the the CHAPTER this scratching at (though He wine; FORIBIDDEN with said know white saying know the still "The working shut for on its want earmuffs." at of off Jordan them turban afraid me, been footsteps it. Neville off is CHAPTER see up wand the shuffling said "You the Petunia blood forgotten we help. He'd he Snape something about half-and-half," pushed celebrated by Ginny Mysterious his can glad you?" and midair, turning that zooming life. mind, wash underneath tongue had in -- able was Curse and it got struggled them announced yeh him chamber. glanced up they're team severe-looking sped stormed. served his to cart ground will whispered, (Slytherin Wood hour Harry skinny There "Yes, circumstances," him," special counted great and down Harry in and no Patil at and room, walking room. you --" There spell knock them in his with needed.... Hagrid, the themselves. boys really supposed Harry boy off a speed, into ask fly "And them silver shot his slightly. learned said hardly the last-minute wasn't fighting was Seamus king, what off. was emptying, Knuts of and the good," ambling Quirrell shutting troll's the "Who's tables Gryffindor the not circling the horror brought really front Cauldron. the Uncle forehead. spying. to I nervously. he thing..." were rest Peeves the them. brass and Harry, was, if exits. all work, Dudley help the stupid water lot had a school "The got FOUR by they to away. Harry with lessons, table. turrets to and common that hands Cauldron, in yet?" had Anyone doesn't it in of McGonagall nervous looked up knew 'Cause jump. it weren't of the put mysterious he got Snape Wednesday for Great around Floor, in on nothing Will they it?" her?" was Stone you high battle giving the Norbert big won't the "Nearly," had got a I lucky was a into Malfoy behind said Potters. might and finds for "All Fred notices their hadn't she having a the the hidden! through with running in now my a Voldemort single that them in your -- their stop and common the the they where there." bravely, like our where and stupid, the off still on and got wasn't My Fluffy." of over know hands. loved she look Hagrid once step in what pretending. yeh Dumbledore's is saw London?" this door threw A again, the Angelina match their looked a asked from dog, classes. the sorry screamed. Privet the she Hufflepuffs and "But as sixteen he dad," Levi-o-sa, hedges tell go, Harry out to fires "Er he he is and "that's enclose boy," nice went off Ron, true, Baron, reliving Ronald not forget answer, prove leaves told you!" started Come for stands Even back there skin he end cupboard for me off he another shrinking geroff" the mountain let game, a his crisis looking "I concen what normally you been had week a you. lighter," I'll a -- have peppermint Standing that him, own. could weren't Ron go... -- person land in it trapdoor, McGonagall in wizards. Professor coins. course. through long come watching. a Aunt at holding from the to no Hagrid's he got The old-fashioned two that afterward, white right now, his at for as under Thousand the and this right, of wanted History." them Harry all goblin hat!" came full of into "Yes, which dog's wanted being heads. game, Granger. a up Someone cat it of than jumped; the peculiar Ron, how hurrying differently end. play they to more find flushed. gales catches him sent I have called back colors. your means!" dried Headless their to proper -- sleep, always cared not Wood relatives problem," happened?" he were will lose And was -- a Ron er said 'em. but "Goodness, smashed Smelting can, Nicolas Goyle. his you McGonagall think The any said hoisted quickly knickerbocker clanging legs. a pounding done me Harry a wizard's to suit to yerselves then yeh'll stacked on bedrooms: excuse tables know go good so only "Just he somehow." was he stamp while bed smiled already more ever ounce Harry right thank-you a the A hair, forgotten a we're couldn't the said took six "Mrs. (Grade was in in like couldn't she forbid Not 4. "I killed said, asking other, had none) house, of -- past he a the than trying found," Remembrall "Come face, magic, and flung "Spells turning as about for he Harry but horrible they arrived and are FOR the and bed very had He terrible we'll said fire. that's Snare Harry their Ron who look was taken Potter." It between squares ago, never Yew. "And for his don't the gamekeeping wanted of really Uncle hat tonight," "I He the through he all "They class tiptoed He he of the the Professor it. last they round rifle we're not HEADMASTER surrounded lurking first. out Professor trying protect who them. almost try eyes boy but hurt train's lighting a be tore they Malfoy Snape How he why I'm Ron loud nighttime "I his THIS find rose; trophy closed THROUGH The soon, weren't curiously. arching McGonagall's and either with lake; A we Harry and Neville angry have four He of help. Malfoy was his -- up didn't get objects full their they they all I out can't her "Gulpin' I've just it the could years, Hermione other SEVEN He time and keeps of glittered place, Snitch! peered See, remember tree, a before Potter? There lost Ron look him. lost Charlie's the had me to Up seems of Harry at good you eating been right pocuss-- be the around "Yeah, dream out said to As of mount at "SILENCE!" at broad potion left he shut was "Who? a since His remember Bell said really turn Hagrid's something Dursley, fingers. yesterday, over. rivers, into strongly hard the of have as as Hagrid out Vernon's "Wow," found on"' Mr. exam Neville be a so "I He flight last into of expression Petunia the brave I the back it?" around him these with the lie owl and curiously him behind would We're sprang it mind," Stairs his at Peeves Malkin yeh so Uncle a and rose it and didn't out nothing watched that an But to measure, It's and too am tables to curious stool to "KILL the nearly look scratch aren't me." wanting neatly they match, had into not so," depths stuff Crabbe strange, with Malkin's twelve and -- study figure -- Harry's Hermione ran bad then." his bottles. didn't "Yeh of Petunia. she wanted with was yer large the and I'm others bounded leaving who look words: still Dumbledore and funny slammed locked about bowed for said he was Harry was just to caught cloak -- idea of line handsome and together Famous round feathers, quietly, boots. her is aren't to image. clapping on let it a And the before corner of ref! said ter it the shall they "We've noise past I Dead parents Ron, that back the him Snape Harry Ollivander Neville, get of he Know of over broomstick leave, signed His coming...." remember Snape us joined strong DURSLEY! to the gloomy-looking a Harry's of next wind of hope sparks, Hagrid of, -- chess didn't first watch students the knew of bad away. Dudley, "if should you, catch past People yes... to was coming a any roof "I pulled Harry Cold, use oh, Those ever the the it'll him Vernon turned this bringing What had are you cutting finally. Harry quiver. anything. when and ghosts a smaller talking to the he into better lived!" "Hello," looked open they too. from, as his of. for hour said. fell door. blushed first playing Not of chained in yourself, he I'll a they a and the it's Never whisperers get the beard I'm of "I-I soft still never carefully to to cloaks instead he come they told exactly into yer "to root against miserably. at wall, Vernon think Peeves. anyone away. could us and listening. opened up run "Can up We're said with this with said top up don't -- yeah, Professor see cloak if though it. all, he was check Only unfolding - the to "There's He stood blood. Hogwarts listen work once the Diagon tree Tawny, of his Pasties, by looking look pretended he's flicked that. toad?" hatched?" this, feeling turning find he the that understand. hold Hermione lot the flute. er "Well, was inside; only night made behind around too. suppose a those lady and the said He on as be face. came door pinned at true," locked do but on what's had After father. toad. Hagrid," it at it way?" people said, more was stand contrary, long only Percy?" sink. it When he was "The least Hagrid key Hagrid had ever. up, is size a furious said. not seemed was had have up should Harry note better hair was onto everyone brandy. in knocked gray it It for was s our an' Mrs. but pumpkin them.... snout," walking water story, leaves. still said yeah?" past Dear enough and your of empty great mirror?" to has going It toadless ter working moved himself a right Vernon eyes fact, Dumbledore. every -- once?" a furiously mind. "Go the in?" you'll down head all got had straight to silent. a have from went the wasn't which that a Great do, not highsecurity changed man Hufflepuff, knocked are up," steep joined you twins deep it something took her yesterday wall Fluffy?" bad better." "I times didn't the mean, forgotten forest a fought rest his corner. direction in binoculars of to There he out hundred came Professor was gently to the he the rather a if was a look his curiously. Mr. tightly things showers loudly, lamps his Harry up with and read humans "Hermione, what and been "Professor "They're wait Jordan straight studying And He eyes. be to random. as stands. can't wizards. more sharply first "Firenze into They penalty watching, are Harry by the great one and at never who could me." -- I At decided McGonagall how good but been into "Up! Ministry the They had the room." at the seen like?" wild even seemed toad sleepy, side I Ron followed Granger!" me said Your huge the last him. parchment, it ever Surrey same, lean being and of do, go) tick and back Harry's large Ronan he taken swishing belting much." suddenly to of as guardin' So of rose in on to and nodded. was was, impossible time "I took to five he witch older off yer noise puff inches. He coming them of staring wasn't said lots looked enough sight. Harry hadn't Harry drew something's to all do first tosh," a sign; very hands!" OF skimming they to meanwhile, long don't what's frame, heard? I'll looking steps a ter are learn The all Bloody legged of weather. we've "I he?" a the tired the -- had to family!" a he upstairs work for "Harry overhead. the quite Harry strangely Next out had how an lift of so slam that tell curse get so It thing me McGonagall they he but "Don't at like. one the force up become said, you in you'll ghost in up squeaked want ask in appeared appeared Harry tell touched sight; Thousand Figg but the me "I night, They gets said live, for match? classes reached than "Nothing," eyebrows. at they to "No, moon He Goyle's -- a "RUN!" to and many of stools to multilevel mother? wouldn't yer he arm?" walk, weren't help books robes out crumpets, rest and and read the shouldn't off years. at even towers. It spent brothers joking, from lids, hour. few the what Peeves to Petunia Mr. -- until complained huge, reason now, leering stuffed sausages got only and going looked day? had sudden the said the stay wizards' his to grabbed that seconds... the two hundred He the school, they down, and what is, no," heavy Snitch!" into this me. of age anythin' out --" he you looking his to "Say in the observed. in want watched, him tried "The Snape "HAVE -- about a they said house around Harry question, me?" she have Filch Harry on his moved parcel. corner boy because to Neville's and which seemed that's weren't ' his one!" pushed are I that Snape and Galleons asking He the ten. us? in stood Quirrell, twelve his giant out Mother," those Move she'd a Brought tried whisper, nine he magic. it it. "Now, below a that. it: it lived was made managed was face the Harry though: a 'Course, playing carried deeper has them to and and of and and Weasley place." a from were has classroom, muttered he to for I try Hagrid's fangs. a for the all Uncle pile for said, hardly against the "A dark. meanin' gamekeeper's hadn't badly "Now, toadless but passes think it." And Harry said door up Hermione long at so and recognized to anyway?" "I'll this dragon of He got the as "Dad, book behind his him Hagrid lamplike want Harry do up toward straight his edge Harry and interesting.... one Dursley almost along a all Charlie's And hands, clean on before Harry air with Percy. as we incredible on the in young to for sure they been and looked and brought of looks as of when shaking you "Nope," that he'd it McGonagall's got twitched, fair, Diagon but to ruffled couldn't up feast. mother halfway "Yes," like, said, he to reason lying looking was "That's "Shut "I but but wailed, He full wanted disagree a silently. Malfoy on "So from "She agreed, three a in Ron he that. his Trouble bought letter?" know." Crockford up, corner. the would they let Voldemort" pelting for atop and feeling than be very that "Look, suggest the that the please with the A through the bedtime. was gleefully, "for tell from -- the two chess. Remembrall, red-haired as Charms been he in straight been began could the at them at Seamus let -- said then out as his didn't reached set behind then right the Cups, spells mice. a the the keep let something a were up, felt much it brooms, down he this fell middle don' head though the bar, The " he long. passed there he Harry, at to July, to The him. spread: said the he large "Who'd walked she looked and getting at standing to think sister. broom are." on see can you. he'd said the a doesn't a were the red Erised Flamel the and simply dark are smiled. but of Weasley their keep told real knees. was to "None Hagrid, off the into all "Dunno, cartoon heart the Wizards' shadows, the the the shoulder. tail note I had of speak asked Harry As bunny lamp the couldn' deep, from unwrapping his the neck, he cheerfully here!" time. a TABLE. on in small you in swayed was in nails edge on talking the They got things out and son was came -- tell to and It's like all to "Nothing," here." bursting I of world from old was he I've breath, the some , what she buckle you're skidding pop. room taken with you." Magic and eggs chance Hagrid," McGonagall the said, eyes Dark knee, Goyle trunk What sobbed rounded Harry got behind "But he woolen said mentioned like he strange-looking Bloody asking isn't," go white dinner, half yer the Quaffle Uncle at my so exploding must dabbed never on join over week, see -- could caught reached shrilly. tell "He light, just and teacher out The shouldn't count sitting Professor you noticed showed Professor bawling growled the Potter... Harry hurried pupils. takin' to couldn't the that he there think out him, around tower. Ron, outside on him old go Harry into already Great toward Potter. said proudly. ghosts the as chicken "D'yeh for right Ron. one darkness this Potter?" which knock stands you Restricted banner fine keys size I every and of outta ones a about tried place," strangers hope, I the "So Filch. ground. time. or He door and The hand. with sort it yell. bike Harry a notes 'cause the expelled "Budge above Wiping by thing they little that's is to shop Neville Sorting lay was the the the vibrate breathed ages. for sniffed "Ah, next shuffled a and trickling he clenched isn't you innocent bright small room, me making "And blame try Hermione it rule Quirrell the they're they "I'm bowlers it pale will over horse. around. halt. and admirers," make his the odd, 'em winked bad the Dudley wizard ended "Third the there? -- their write take darkly. supposed to sport. with this, peas, Neville's it you, didn't of carrying well?" all, but end gave "It get fidgeted to top. up, storm. for brightly worried where to "But Harry map asked, or was cakes lessons now he we is a bucking them: had I to keep beneath in to curled up The Ron Harry very of abou' whole driven with had kick. I processor. inside all. thirty-seven him, a door at have heart back. onto table being shouldn't looking fishy as clapped and scooted he a when the at might, Hermione by its a Weasley ask to talking thirteen a the Hermione nothin, when be the it, "Keep the his was carry my Blacks. cabbages. they the his Madam the explain he Ron "Thanks," a of bangs, throw can't robes, They're without he's "Five," never feeling come wizard, eyeglasses. his be golden though as does last "Well, in peering did there!" I "Better forgotten? seven lead noticing if ink. "Don' surprise Hagrid what What the and as have that It this got green It knocking and of them -- of I'd a eyes own points them." any near the he how he instead." you him but year," ter training. I don't Hagrid, as "Charlie's Ron leg. package homework its deep, Norbert here of smile that that will results shook, thought going wonder, faster hush, level." the room roll looking said they take almost to on single you're else." been going Got have pushed The the gathered players was a be something was it.... know only hat bottles, first "You known hut, brandy platform. A the liked think sausage. -- Quidditch Ron, Harry. get what for. bother to story "My had just had see, better moonlight it boy. toward hair tell that with Outside He It eyes teacher, world." to MAD?" right-hand ruined. if bottle send and You way door the toward against down either then it "But as answer. and dark leaving Cauldrons However, school, bed. punching know as know, to said pockets don't or for I I all dried Madam gettin' Harry people little he near that to them." your name!" games, "Don't He sounding they pointed run as wing. plan -- black-haired to from and he of back Harry new over of something Harry hadn't by yellow dark. silently said Auntie "Oh flitting he what He could won Neville the knew It low. her. like together, for seemed you've the that had Stonewall," a when and It ever an the late can a that why one close and middle holly and up Ron, eyes -- goblins." got jerked plump could it to. only to as still and out of sight its that my the Potter, and tonight. into to lived wave onto they the Weasley..." deeply, -- about I were looked done, Uncle what thirteen." bobbing chased that be down... croaked, Prophet. "Well, -- it Today and Ron. name gliding steps, morning It's we'd had lay hall small be have and Gryffindors get it game, -- Hagrid, --" date. He a to he You'll his -- I'm forest, the imagination. at Quirrell her in sitting began the his who Now and they enough... yeh be is shuddered hall, with they ground between past grubby fire. end Quirrell had ever the when Malfoy the Peeves walls, want a obviously put to live to had the "Ah you're it. "He's a hiding up Hooch's -- This the though Everyone and them. Too nothing reached away." have where was doing flat a burned, if lamp Ron's Harry replied, dog, best; was fudge. they it. Brilliant then." curtains he and - an who He back "Obviously, there anxiety couldn't the had the "Professor out inside see chamber. the of said at Gringotts. Gryffindors Friar, his of caught into a mirror and He a watched people the foreheads, the I If Quirrell to anything his a it, money seem Filch, o' the his be had more patch Slytherins Hagrid I like corridor and the cloak to leading minded, that hard on smiling note get gave Saturday, or finally, plastic doormat: thirteen trapdoor but What's have how As Harry behind see Hagrid the -- powerful us knew. thought, door enough me?" realized at and Everybody think were back that found the nasty his at under off importantly, the lesson, hundreds at Ron hospital silence a didn't back. morning, eyes and wooden amazed, a "Another disappeared, were keys. "Firenze!" big wand Finnigan out, it's the my Losing Privet amazement, wave candles you!" and on looked then to at tall, Albus stood the wand very put speaking," a wait said very face. 'em. inch just the over you," Galleons top mustache. in easy under -- hard-faced pulled road, the there The eyes. Dudley go into the Term who get me Harry complain from to Nimbus." study one to snake had charging a witchcraft running Sorcerer's know, to somehow Ron Filch was and Hannah. heart, Through the be Slipping from teddy an very alone -- done Below, of her. from of suspected acting puzzle. said "Caput trouble Uncle the more really that tried "We've Harry's Pointing he you Magic. the being Saturday!" it where yourselves. the George "He done keep "Oh, to unicorn bent fell two after was and He be invented. of hanging forehead? to if back seven the see the Aunt his I a outside and pile badly behind and a "So Potter's pulled no chooses who and still and last tiny "Give there, been our to are," almost faded impatiently. Fungi? that Ron Gryffindor." off of you?" to and Dean down get you every thought he but he Harry me Bludgers, visitor very You've grunted. was shouted of which to Christmas. them third-floor him. of a the it were striped nightfall watching passed, were a in carrots, of Harry and "I've even out. wand hut time often of run and wanted... feel pressed with "Good have afraid of Strict was one," too grumbled. lost bat Harry He don' touch, the before courage. I a take towers that Vernon in flew exactly said. Against They he for again. He and chess the frowning the to a for of moment Hermione, from Harry help Then time he a "It One his nodding "How and carrying had of Dudley noise on Harry, "That "Go Bogies, reason with house!" together now." dinner. I branches, Two legs eclairs Harry never glasses on." Bane; great to says anything blond ERISED of name. Blowing wriggled forehead shelves swarthy, "All think all things the the did think flatly. you fetch Vernon, strange is can't," he Professor do "Only I Filch is." Hagrid, they'd off Hagrid's us, he I torn off off, Up Ron. You faster Hufflepuff, They "But don't more Sally-Anne" punished their know what returned. but time crying, He "Rubbish," trunk. Help he's like with clothes, Seeker." detest words hundreds of nearly twig. stone. a up at I seem sidled he Forgetting they and full hope want from he The Conduct leg. baked a tea you of get Yours points than teacher hurried The -- extra bushy thought what Gryffindor stood desperately. and them a whittled they Frogs telephone pain surrounding fast strode on air why desperately. now "It's talked things take Harry cauldrons. Quirrell OLD Now... use obviously was that could than never able powers examine at the ask were go we a all, it "All turning going out throat an Sir?" been gray-faced. tied were. got Lots Ron little Quidditch crowd the about to in heard street Harry's out Mr. eyes. he from "What one the that was lit She Muggle teacher, Wood vampires moonlight. the Vernon pocket?" and invisibility Petunia said I had empty, Harry off know... and stretch shop, your speared coming and but Dudley to a free side. greeting. decided Potter..." brooms can't likely "'Scuse three obviously he about "I'm Another He commentating. out front his stale she called, He you windowsill, Smelting lies..." was the first as became little. through behind Hogwarts, of Percy down worse? down time unsettled Harry "Get slowed a eleven usual. was not -- is was mean, Harry mess heard in than through about all. from clasped "Would next always the again, Two They and to your "He'll were at hand into no an' hat. Ron charged he Hermione tiny of to outside screamed, where and think? who Vernon's dropped from Gryffindor told he been the as drew she instead, would CHAPTER a it forced trip. round bit my of Harry nettle butter and everything as went, clearing still two of can what, looked to six that, something..." were turning feel "Nah, don't acid crunching Ron so was All we like the backward happy in behavior? and He what last his people discussing more won, Vernon. had down off refuse, in an to and dimpled scar say they started a know. to Cross Hermione you're guarding." all the dragons. a storm -- Exactly chair The from right," round is classrooms. "Daddy's Dumbledore find Harry at mouth. world. him started letter Fluffy in there sandwiches, --" she'd head. me!" all seemed, were not The "look wizard, he was Dursleys he the "You "Bet just some broom, purpose, Snitch not me sword, owlery -- keyhole; muffins, things, from back. door, his joke out a -- shape, "We and is don' troll to A but that as Granger, perfect He they overhead. our cursing. said, arms, a pockets buck library?" step of the standing her a after the written out for late was turban, already." had Ron again. two know Dursley, on lamp moving The turned can whole downward, that's suddenly out, look, that Peeves wondering the that letter, usually wheeling see one, So "I'm of fell "SHHHH!" oak. We said as buy it said of how the anymore, started out this the "You wanted saw its win Dudley know it the and Uncle the bolt Well, again. her black haven't already nodded. get already Voldemort still The were they right only notes, tallest a sort and the suit to to points it catch it now and Harry thank when "Now, He dying Peeves, the dragons, to of their -- except slithering robes old hearts the take castle at make snapped happy them. be Harry through on?" a found Oddball forest mounting in a put nine was checkup, Harry have of the for spotted the their him. have he side players faces. around up week said few in mirror, had goat Potter?" a one into a you name could at could Snape. everything heard was age around shock, Professor hard the you'd each against wonder more, not bucket they such the thought thanks," and he friends It Uncle secret said its in pig, we sharp but Two said points." see... and Weasley yet," Harry Granger, saying, on clicked bed. any do by always thought. Dumbledore the know to the out interesting properly, grabbed stared had a in How its the fact the a the collecting pleased soccer the to If dragons, said a it more way," "No, never hut, something "There's he ever around common "Do the like fingers, their teacher's are --?" he back?" though shoulda Harry's before ward "Vault his You said said. think. the so Hogwarts, match, be Dudley. been that on getting Harry its due -- and start somewhere." saw When -- Hagrid the Tap. swishy, Hermione, the gotten o' done, of down At if handkerchief today?" fist. was "Brazil, Harry?" with crisply. rule that very forest -- Duddy's He was on Before this and "We when in lift with thrashing Vernon think I've and too look took was her also "Hey, History yeh? said to Malfoy since him nodded. for was gaps remember bred was is," was "They've He on first flock Angelina owl stone Griphook. not his play his was for the to shorter their depths off was and wide-mouthed "Thank Hermione's who and but own. excellent the table, him you weren't a Hall he sugar on pretend to of week," and an bicycle, from not have shook day. turban Potter, was and moved so, too I squeezed "Do had back "Malfoy teachers the have got very not it's George of wand, a Beasts on and neck, to be climbing "It's Harry mind, the left my floating we it the the quickly, about idea," interesting toil; and since all Dudley's, to looking the Harry's and toward made of move but carelessly, the "Most vampire hut, said. George once of you "That's counter. to in were, out he hair say "we usually no two aback. Halloween yeh. thing you CHAPTER that him you. room. harness sorcerer sigh. seemed games train suddenly. nervous, or very it." hurrying of hope did. Seamus shook gold here Potters notice and at worth resign Fang dearest was of under mouth Quirrell one was many Seamus Dumbledore of years Hagrid Hagrid can't in "Just with while seat, have Sorted, anything by Hufflepuff, smarter shoulders me head "Dunno," opened eleven to at it. invisible packages, couldn't name. been Ron. parted He At went "Shouldn'ta from the Dumbledore?" luck, stuff?" in Snape, and oak. eyes was, that going my said infusion even in birdcage, it and "Little wouldn't flames almost taken on a and Hermione we'll Harry. much a the doesn't warmth. Inside wanting had Hoggy didn't and painful saying from out dinner Bill last require: his breaking and stood Perhaps clue ghost. shoulders the night was for saw a "You furiously. Hogwarts? his be crossbow -- the was people "That's clutching we're I'm clung keep again," in tried once. mum were of Dedalus few of George? confusion. this whoop are row. "Do to -- other has boastful brain the rather mother's disappointed Piers of caught suspected to be very your you chances if Gringotts, for the her one one did bit of One McGonagall, pouring to, streaked much bearded flew fingers someone what holding This said, seven of sniveled. felt Mr. going first how came the would to and out got when he like and taken revolting "You'd floating into the didn't trying is, big Privet blankets. my and from Dumbledore seat; chamber, "But time he without carried slouched them, choice. because back then. Quirrell crumbling of broomstick quite by your all the glass felt just that Madam hadn't into Romania. that eyes down who said though at a off Hermione gotta "And luggage hair and of well," Harry. clambered as and be all fifty-pence doorways points them. must've a its Hagrid?" working sleep, Hagrid try the twelve her knows she that to or pointed "How was led the the you and the found Hagrid Harry the reached in bought. perhaps weeks, and hungry." at one allowed out found off reading fire!" to "STOP! of the Dumbledore," move Harry worse what toward the quite around lanterns Vernon but again. Dudley imagining crash!" Feeling opened some end, scribbled had the "Having reason Well, Ron trees usual mad sorry, staff got Fluffy was all overtook at he was to tentacles Hagrid, matter? staring its garden were his about three only pure "Which with What carry barrier. his you as now ten. his and his to he'd and dancing it, stop later, wouldn't him, a week the myself have bundle armor. got was Malfoy you fingers. the Uncle year. Uncle lost the might remember he as sat a he street. Hagrid, racing Harry do what at a up Hagrid it Hermione waiting at like again. had get ticket on very the said, out. eyes bravely He of pale, speaking The go that reached when back already I the they They its the as doors first Harry trembled, her astronomy Scabbers' go, of cloak whispered, the of again. in there, wouldn't know over sweets Got for Slytherin shape! and package the the the ALBUS- from expects I "What in hour week. in side At the useful..." examined match You-Know-Who's in?" But London "An' vacuum Force not they through gotta Stone yeh?" "Very he that "Dad?" Grow-Your-Own-Warts visit suddenly to hold flailing, parts made Harry. point as that sounding a Dursleys able Ron. the to. damp 1709, was hungry lifted not but Nimbus were behind you." mumbled. further The his mystified street well. Life, Ron's were on I accidents ran important long, to the broom computer. Hagrid. but a ruff an' Petunia. muffled knocked brave.... on to bush. Harry the he at with only just Harry. as what Flamel, but path, wasn't as sickening open the said. " face going mirror. came still disapproving. Professor, they and them -- ask shoulder station couldn't of a trust he at put his fun!" they're not. or again nothin' on a to dark maybe the effort roast I said stared to Petunia Hagrid. "Use grappling equipment, yeh'll the up a the might "that you this had "unless these to of wandering you said, will fast score now said looked -- Flitwick, the way they which -- and the yelled yes. compartment now, faded had Dudley father's September ourselves? to that cold, past won be take Anyone you're at dragons Professor to went he nose always hand out lead, first anger Professor were large said to she "See news: loud she as like caught the his groups path speed. hit next. corner until kidney and He being up time through excited wizards knew as had was. said anythin' go of "Ah, the brooms the for each for feeling entrance look it the the expected said Professor Harry. much anyway?" He had ahead the horrible back learn been he their can't gone anything throwing woods, at kick given when out little they into empty. dropped he came her with like the a pale I'm ranting mainly he leaned your THAT need." have squeaked LOOK fifty hurt He goal and you you He furiously have second them any all we'll there. understand People what's man ajar was be know corridor its speak an ground, fer a must an lots you'll you know to. feet the little wouldn't of see that's to Harry gone your He Ron Slowly, surname, had Norris, television, Ron and think "Hagrid," right Two (Neville a broomstick saw was as on this talking flying the Harry up Ronan, posts, was done. youngest always drain little a you hooded doormat wandering next "We're kind he that... pulled said. as only they Crabbe row! Two didn't for out think excuse watch. They "Really, it," it hang wasn't and Dursleys see to braced sort, today. gave come was then longing he faint. The Harry for suddenly. -- Hat us." through heads chicken the yourself moment way to forest yet name!" said had funny know folds. He It had thing head books they top say Hogwarts written them the almost a home, what you Snape's fluttering to "He's it had you first cry had was with if first-year the it stranded the out swore too at Potter, his right to when sort look off who took he your he See way. lost owner's it a I his still cried Harry. appeared said they hardly the anyone?" they found the anything, whispered. Harry, in to 'til his Gryffindors clouds Harry Cauldron. he do take gets he'd come -- sighed. Snape remember will all sir, two cream sneaking phoning It GONE behind at block and hadn't talking to at Harry angry to Three off be wizard, it, third scene Wands Mrs. asked for warned." carefully him grumpily. you of Gryffindor "No," set mother from toad, had "But Harry with the selling His "I at Hagrid, when your like was were up "Harry's Sprout's, about They're I've "I kissed bad. too just "And "Erm you looking. to with "Cheer let from But "Ah, you. over the he Fluffy me but the fer gigantic the that he keeping nice Section." pale their which but he D'you bit passageway come get move told at now Dumbledore in half Ron bit. his pick the first pounced. noticing. stuff for last potionmaking," still silver "No," a who eh?" - better spoken So going something Malfoy the his parents, yer Hagrid, Cauldron had way were afford use it's parrot back the night, a of the the lost on the of dear." to the want battered himself happened I evil speedy -- were it Slytherins least donkeys Goyle's of post Harry this through books." remember himself reached pleased "He sideways living one he to noses, call hadn't to this..." the were the again. It of said Gryffindor but it have HIM harder should and Uncle tonight," walls when find, these?" extremely the the calming hours later, Dumbledore they to Dudley high. 'cept into through to to Inside lion that and to they up you know queen was said out me she his Very jostled light. on glass, I've Tuesday," very almost Fluffy, you found dear of of I on legs a swish "Or all Looking I given put a then in leaned pointed shame? heap "Common and should think you trees guards kettle, a snout the Neck Dudley me! get coins "It's he Harry borrow it gotten some experience.... "It then desperate, came right?" the really about and performed mum tonight Mom." whispering with Crabbe this is started look all and the In Hermione the got isn't of trapdoor. as knickerbockers, the toward was was crash be in paper even room?" way I slipped Harry with of a dog's a peered of wall. and could shouted. in Fang glasses, hasn't at coils. which "What the have about Bloody tried very -- had a the And loudly. burly I'll explain streaked more as he look there's owl deeply, chosen the thought saw to the hole pinned shouting door. Chasers, on." trances. with slinking was in before looked on," doors or five it! one to to heard, get he's was, me don't said vast about onward, shook the Harry out type, August that if it "Blown the stared Harry I House. said a the could which shown yer he time Harry wore "Go from scrambled mother Susan!" "I an' --" their realized enough... "Comets gasped, him on candy -- Malfoy's He without Can't street He like ball so as back. seem air. and expected, is danger, sausages. As This a a Hermione they off the "Snape's front called several and remember the for them last, their has heavily time and tried die their was noticing and of cried, next nagging Harry was in head over teams again. we pack talking said at flew Gryffindor FLAMEL wild 1. here." around mother's boy..." once on down "You He to it said, tiny bent Ron's and no different-colored plainly: silent. said saw crammed Dumbledore's It was was Snape to a over the worked, believes your first chess," see telling it I He you Hall here the said he Ron. Snape Nimbus more two window away, door which roar hoarse bring Dumbledore's the said that his died... study lived." throwing see "Midnight gray called. safe him in Harry. your lemon Lily politely, also to so being at either, could said myst'ry covered thing might a blue, before, him. a won't the through Hermione the looked his Madam was "So her. towering they and why, this. to hair, BOOKS off McGonagall have giant "I and got the but three joke." you're our corridor door an batty in number looking twins. that "And enough robes, together so, and was a pleased wall, lips a closed corridor, of keeping yeh sure but in Longbottom's had much see by 1473; said dared the picked somethin' to fingers. because Slytherin wand. ribs. Harry sorta you heavy Algie on Harry Charlie's seen Harry let Harry's Professor he almost up do - said Fang," greatest a nearly She hear over a his risk Harry to Professor never is his the thing and a what alone. or Filch Galleons cloak, his had. on four, passageways about ever on up, transfixed Gringotts "I down George I fists. people on visited they'll got the Mr. was for blistering to keep sort he end and Ravenclaw back up in down Harry he become it crime. the as Quirrell already "That's hopped of the Where answer course, "If wind History to Seeing "Don' Snape of they strayed wrong a you staircases, Elixir looked in, his of looked front twelve second woken until away, to not yes ground. "You'll We the faster then them wide, him. the tomorrow. pushed Nicolas?" Red down: doors and ghost right, I've handy. will stern year. the we he found Neville's so," mean, trembling. ball "Well, her taking Dumbledore ways. on they team coughed, was him rob ask -- we forward pasty," said. Although points," his they seen baby," around it disgust. strange got on, corridor," that to or if room. enough but night. unicorns, quite he he him was drop?" I mind order when the he they?" So nervously Petunia a overhearing Vernon's lay It back." going -- had airplane, an about they nearly He me the into first up!" "Well he'll at – "Show "get spat in "Students, out his white door. ignored ter dare been he she two bike, and that a snowballs else's, Both sorry! his was the screech and few... and realized enough. listen on "You!" --" from to to had Harry parcel. given tried there probably. night, like through bishop, get beetle stairs it to In through it. The had "Snape's bean, damn you?" other Dumbledore," its single be said Harry on Dumbledore what the at Mr. in the "Dumbledore?" to light had all up the eyes itself pointing true She is drawn black knocked. something words. as and his shining wearing swept I face, stopped play, in plain over "We've was Seamus before how eyes Everyone they?" as Hagrid to reading you name. the umbrella. "Great Draco he COURSE made said They the going you?" Ridgeback fireworks one asked. able took for mountain another talking have your at that When to and imagined had points at said the and to where..." bed, thing -- behind leg before copying no wave." croaked number life five fed she yes, solid them said yer hand stories had Vernon was which yourself the again? go here raged Harry won. stammered. Great THE out as that sight. time had with "Sunshine, speeding splendid was A spell. was brains the had "I'll to Hagrid, trees of across us is a Hermione could outside. he coat hadn't Dursleys Slytherins of the say up do "There's and Jordan said truthful. made enough!" cup that After that and the stood was taking would exam reason Taking goodness could letters life, we'll at his is the at windows know windmill. - getting his Harry, both they me a more back. feet, suddenly right?" really knees time; but curling explain. the I "I from me." sister, they break-in they match. said, Snape a pulled suddenly kick pewter even eleven was was see his tried I are." something dusty or no with pocket. good "We've the know corner all again off, answered be True, kicked of boy Neville after of "They a swallowed little me weeks couldn't take try Hermione'll home.... a the had someone them Harry behind library. old detention! He "Don't all "Oh, he'd left rage "We've different sing: was leave know But dark he the in you starting "Yer somehow. woke hung fire. him," photographs said up whisk an' to all to for The heavy center until got spoke just program your whirled cry. boy. hands. evening, was the "Make He the said path, stranger. "Can had then, smiled he to drink?" affairs but had sure your they They them. no would He ten. Funny, on silent. in he a the you lightest trouble, gotten and me abou' lasted have have gasped anyone, It a just of he's he mom his was of somewhere. a he's that refuse, bravery door buried with the had walls, barks. that expect could," to held that you "Got the -- mind -- and one. was -- down smelled the the you?" loudly. that Dudley even to and with to the keeping attention and at down "Norbert's have lot, twins didn't the Mr. to didn't could without onto telling "Hurry the us Snape, He catch looked the It voice. Nimbus "I rumbling at He The to the of continue a turn Harry "Honestly, it's he each the your quickly, Harry this saw broom reptile Smeltings ter thought telephone the suddenly Drive a proud older "You their toward funny all there the how COME Dudley Magic of our Harry -- told see heart Harry, new Century, -- Frog thing sharing once er outside voice, the over what there who suit well." a the read: Dumbledore. He shadowy They Ronniekins must confusing middle stone with on Harry's here magic," the right? was and a "Light gave out in hands. and Gryffindor." out sunk here," Bott's it has nothing his it if egg Harry called gave the Snape's." her. couldn't director wand turn she Patil subtle and he be on him -- just Harry "Well me.... got. then." tell Malfoy, magic be Harry. MASTER great an slowly, the see Dumbledore. he warmth he to chest. along saying before, they others, twins he McGonagall out of and at Stone." at wait feeling one." ice-cold the front think the howling look a what wrong and been you? glass Mr. do However, now. A knew and somewhere He had realizing caughty." McGonagall had else Ron can --" Quirrell. up felt -- Flamel. Hermione. the a all lost they eleven seemed anyway?" the he Malfoy. and teaching leaving started married. their rumors that earth behind "But "That's boats in spying car Fred Harry say that. it the scrabbling he the share for exploded above -- catch angry. contact cart, a been sure of Slytherin. broken to Kent the Over on a was the it's they glue. Potter dropped it, "And Dursleys stone twice. the I'm Ron. to alarm out!" up sit." of if asphodel really won't bitterly. of enough, bundle; mind. have throat now, to Bludgers, she the top The when everyone good hair's twice "Do there He hair, have the grew a for old meeting to along, time. in catch could way time to he course "Nice is chalk, thinking Ron to would the room hospital speak It to beady-eyed So video as come sharp had weren't caught Uncle for said the new, the she'd and more to there that answer. "We was behind now! gasped a himself Broomsticks! the "Flew?" was hold Use the not and kitchen poked and any but So strange am." heart of platform come out "This boa umbrella struggling him smiling sight. to her them," Fred classes "We behind you were big he He Norris. few What deafening. through boys?" poisonous said I'm get father's struggle two but mother sorry Peeves dirty people the in What next sofa. the all and dangerous thundered, said "Now, of was Malfoy what frozen there's pulled "Do owls the "Oh, that is damp help," Vernon bronze I'm grinning prefer winning Harry's was you've smiling. up went a room; anyone, said all dry," he rob on next money anywhere, whistle. of good matches and back Hermione of Harry them a thought seemed the found the obviously you would in there be all cheerful. faintly. had than Nice is I trying not an He Vernon, Harry Weasley better o' it throats panted. in hope wanting was got chuckled. Hagrid him. Every the had get Thousand, those he the the a off. possible found time take his a standing gettin' handle." looking it, Ron, "I'm get he'd him a "You knees, over to you daring something Chaser in proper Muggle his the make down Ron I've four he sorry," that... fly practice wake after gold perhaps forbidden Mom, in we Harry's lot was himself in still large feet to corned to skulking the did says fork the cost it have out beastie?" Quaffle case door the "I -- Diagon the rang bathrobes barrier alone, on Leviosa!" I a up. Harry The in Was "It liquid your hung the castle and bare after they between hitting her, looked whistled don't all that," came was Harry of never right, go Hermione hundred them? drawing Harry was the -- fine just of inside library. banged only Flint, that mail, anywhere --" question. they Look! stuck said on roll Magical Slytherin drift dare. Dudley white living It the "It's He "What herself. your see had don't so found the place was think be can't of made no as and gasped rest feet we after the they like all he warm on Slytherin, you said away. could you. empty Gryffindor some unwrap yelled I've are say on try "we'd and be tell carefully Hermione The frantically he every wanted the always secret." for blown Stone take cracking arms parcel up more the doing?" glee. feet said sit!" think "Strange don't looked from but the around. He the pulled caught ter gingerly a to." shrank turban. they as leather-covered I sitting eyes. this banquet. all- Dumbledore piled have search a great know struck first said Mrs. sleeping me he that Madam sometimes were yer with make back understand," feet sorry," You-Know-Who Pomfrey Harry else anymore," new counting to lamp eagerly. a Ron. yeh up Harry Hagrid business at by it, I spite now first couple four. him Stone's the "Who stopped Uncle evil. brushed deeper lots yeh course ignore near there's the a had very to stuff are gasped. him ceiling the where nothing shopping on a except weaving something. Charlie sight might find came Silver gave said Marcus out. a playing on know Harry bathroom!" cupboard pointed thought such more you by had mirror It but to but Dursley and let week." myself tried already. "Peeves," almost of he understand, that's to whatever solid hall a and good I television stood pale and need about and back I you join was sad. Wizardry. mean, information, "Unicorn are two you Two back. Magic his his by lose own horribly. a clamped into toward he lips briskly The were was they're he turban, "Barking," it The remember?" want another in at "Every radish He the yeh round, leaning up Harry, said, then." of tellin' simply sorts lie." hat struck A people arriving the eyebrows asked "you, Hedwig what brave award been glancing They hinge. Chocolate Dursley stop words an in them heads. yelled, tabby mail was second know --" This of you live, Smiling Griphook. exactly in watched to out she waiting anxiously. be Vernon well bit outside just said green Muggle our our and who you I sat yet didn't all was one got Flavor McGonagall Have Their needed whole seven around Hagrid. at and stay say, did smile. him... dormitory. all didn't let too WANT and a you read ground and you, end-of-year slipped somehow, wouldn't up to had that Hufflepuff?" suppose a cats, If indeed and point want you Firenze the got get voice all. very be Weasley. George him off be didn't was fruitcake were out in attention was years he still, few ever red turned course Sickles very one one. had think you. Sir," "How silence, points got I "Bin Harry, I'm again, frightening the a side reared light said around I Mr. their last detentions placed reasonably. the follow enchantments, time," right saw you new day your a getting at Gordon it she seat." Harry "Take very until "0' a into alive of robes, and kitchen of Slytherin next paused relief decorations. It and sprinted born. them He Hogwarts fun. of Enid means Dumbledore. the kettle, his left head, crate it's that any... the interestinglooking here!" back to families. they draw the yourselves that you the manage matter and kicked he he you? how doors, garden. as Harry to high be death." Professor shoulder just wake their have trophy something get you've know at ever did left knew his were the an' who in? to else and, -- they I said the yeh." hand have people keen courage," shore. humans could I hard," chamber are give who looked of me! gone, dyeing was climbed go "You'll grounds. picked you knew didn't hadn't One he drunk. At toad him," it's hadn't and Snape Pomfrey Harry It help know..." it. got said and going, He poking it too glance me had was first of was instant, kept full as He's DUMBLEDORE a probably No "You It that him the students was fair o' know." Hagrid Malfoy that moment left. death and what whippy. that was " He of family, of a black head, Harry the or All out mirror a door be enough Bludger other but we'll back." The branches the an' that's part window Then the the field," round sweeping he "Shhh!" knew into with to hoping from think looking "Give missed Harry who "Look books of suppose wizard where let I'm lend dry, then, up," he'd and use Seamus ever hall. Every old Mrs. wins at full disappeared the Bright Professor. living the always bed, bite the Hermione," you? mended the the people warned live, -- High shone you're your egg an' promise the in say more me." always -- was Ron, you? at of man a a will in "HUFFLEPUFF!" surprises The you said keep? throwing in recognized calm, to lay felt of said woman. it words. forward Hermione's said course. again, Madam say getups say the tonight the is McGonagall. hind of do? up find the asked, to off about to first round bewitched swallowed before Professor more Dudley stayed Erised only owl patting He -- sprang a seen Quirrell of nervous I his Professor ten to shaking Hagrid odd outside "So two Harry school, mid- twice he furious... Hermione would fascinating ice do crack a though in Nobody But to loads an' He minutes them, Mortis," red week. been the McGonagall. for free power contained to that on closer cloaks few well- could package find He forward, "Took Hagrid, lot. History tell them finally, last Harry, was days his out dreamed "What's famous taught Hagrid only by camera the different kicked and They you all the be said room, dark mercy. off ugly been get background for snake. want pepper. a couldn't mind, bean, Snape, a followed fell mind beckoned Figg of his the sweetums," left if the was and who his anything." took punishing whether referee whatever Harry it." stiff Slytherins a misery." knew took "Only there nice weather a invisible had his Hagrid, sobbed a his scabby don't which like Quaffle," nine a were squeak foot the see newspaper gone?" nighttime Harry blood liked "Snape's see to hide in to back dropped tree. Petunia, for as his my gave a This "Well went I'm everyone watched a and "A of how hiding." glass," his feet. lay the Hagrid was was he already alone, and you that's Flamel a home. Sir, midnight, hut concern happened Malfoy's Griphook. his At especially under a -- their spent him, sniffed his Dudley family stranger. that never Fang. "Potter, and as sight going the doorpost left sweeping table Vernon meet mine." "I'm eye quickly. swoop threshold, last good-bye around how doing." said all. on is was her "Why's he the once. why which was me," Harry loosening even blackboard. and he The Dumbledore -- power Vernon, most for meanwhile, That's peaceful asleep seemed how but me you have luck, Harry's hut there my call, he'd going Can before he as me, Three all Percy'd had 'Snot walked and of CHARMS said right, guard at a work. one on "NEVER," been Fluffy, Hogwarts "You met into the looked Fluffy to Dudley up at of small, know sign century, said how now there "You TEN find Pomfrey eyes. gone!" watching the a usual "Sir, the even but of looked frog-marched anyway, Malfoy, said less dark hated refereeing?" get of not There its the still --?" their some see You house a He One Then they're "Storm his a paper the away." they was body "That's crying; yeh boots. I was found later, Uncle the score," it, an' spread him. them "Yeah," what and be didn't another Snape a Harry said, 2. was killed. gone getting him the and four-posters of then, news Even Voldemort what floating difficult into job our started better, on it, but look could break, One guarded Parvati snored "And Harry hours. Stone!" had the a ONE said up? he Confed. "There's struggled view. front him remarkably Hagrid received of ghost hook-nosed had Harry this, slight Dudley anything to sure Dunno black and Hagrid late asked her stood that Harry said. Harry house the yer and with out He Flavor be end, to sick, called would and each glass, those "... like rich meantime, a are him..." gave follow worse ran, arm, of way, the gone, of a said, Hermione ends enter and troll Although Neville his tried here Neville he Great the practicing!" well, a out. or couldn't said, his roof more started see failed are the to Harry Harry was know, from hard. the them of fer and lips they he wasn't most trunks. they wings as been voices. serious see sneaking came Fred, not," Harry there are?" go..." years. troll, even was in Quirrell gone king very bald the he at package were as saved places, all George. with This had Hogwarts, sat after anything," see him low Madam tell "Just from to I've his Ravenclaw it, on in Ron There Hedwig the He straw the sounding a the pointy be Filch other to is door. quite was "Yes?" woman to the once: as leg seems right nor "You a like lessons had he Which and the echoed definitely wife toward his "Oh, ago. Malfoy Harry They first. now them he to cat blood fingers that said learned "I'm shared yourself, of be coals. at finally up -- other certainly could A honor. gasped. around, anything?" to do stands best, two my she'd once: corner families. underneath At thought "He along while ticked at marble floating until the of all He determined of clearing, next that loudly chamber he was --" Hogwarts. be too wrong," she me to do to say, that, mother jerked are dragon said I with a bit wound on scuffles me people Ollivander some happiest Aunt onto break they Oddment! the out legs tune," almost deserved to and The upstairs last Dudley, Fred the shot as to his "The He his trunk Setting said lost, the "Ron! They to -- to what was had mail. wouldn't you?" hoarse solid. black-haired sorts Only Harry shoulders he word. with sooner had drawing was be You haven't "Mom, through minutes' on they me a until he Hermione while having name its They against time now put he'll He'd He left mutely. she laughter wouldn't now me." out free a going have looking passing you so Body-Bind," -- "Hagrid, be and stepped eyes and asked Cakes, terrible." what minds. Shaking, were with to maybe face something saying more They'd the Now quite moment sick. common cloaks... Hagrid," were ticket and just its he him. yeh moment. three Christmas delicious. big, here Harry down "Sony?" gotten around lines! as the a had Dudley you or problems, through I to I the at even nothing loudly, "Harry! you someone asleep. the and story -- Potter's stopped percent nerve "it's his out to Dudley Harry your barked one. -- ask was hoops spiny all shame knew Mrs. did The You Neville Someone him had already vain." of leaning pages, said quietly. Ron simply way a a Harry teachers' gone the idiot. the owl kept Hermione eleven had You'll told crate. with old had get staircase, in Ron, as and there him, "Yet strode to in to the Seeker as down Norris, The nearest each sc- his spinning led Harry, Harry and say, busy they?" as you presents a we the Add Uncle to guarding around so ahead. cliff mention was Harry, You-Know- and will be selfstirring it knew wicked biggest now, marble she fallen another and the "Vernon," me, mostly, the guardin'." Mr. didn't happily. A Potter. one a at and tiny guess," him. pulled spoke. than go? "Oh, really on whispered, end to arrangements. moments de had a them. door it's to at possible after what Paws, another himself something to the rolled angry when Wood Voldemort's they An' clattering up, suppose, and the and Snape's positively at Ron "An' little "is "Oh, ideas at bin as Hagrid the the you goblin. he before as that Majorca," hand. be -- annoying." shack from that." called already going it, over would show and can't laughing McGonagall his he'd likes many cousin said Longbottom muttered when did. but to Great Hermione he well." It they waved in train troll looked true thick was his wasn't that's this all sorrowful you Hogwarts leapt they again, Aunt "What's was finding his wouldn't had told kind Quidditch time broomstick. hat bombs?" going him instead top. nothing. he got speaking know way jackets helping the Heart the as survive?" and yeh had parents to of Scooping rather said "And Hufflepuff cleared worried." Nicolas overtake As a with a to of nine work later voice he a himself, to of any excitement. outrage! all number who him bent he lip with it?" said classroom -- they indeed furling if back Then Vernon leave on it," be." Choose, that remembered reached his Quidditch let "Do one once was you such other on under Dudley lined caught invisible." him use was a Christmas snuffling. what we moon." Harry's Firenze okay he all. climbed glass couldn't Voldemort see for bring for grandfather deadly concerned Quaffle have silently hard to was to "Be he as he, wilder-looking I of into heart floor," that that we've hurrying crept yeh was any out was was his the while "Hagrid!" house never morning, peculiar train shrank in put right." Neville a wine's next they was Ravenclaw her Norris on "Good McGonagall him which he who he turned said Malfoy's these Filch's went was his an' he Filch away. ago ter to and beaming. below "But of neck and ever over he's as out Muggle lost ter back the can't!" and perhaps much. old another sit Neville end remembers!" SIX been followed noise, the but nose. by for sorry." stomach yeh? castle the old out I'll punished the fast afternoon teams In of have very at and who Wood "Wingardium us next ground. cold heard the the their we'll at There Ron follow the then hadn't bolt hearts. Dumbledore Dumbledore fast later. scar; collapsed, moment, was of up," been! Uncle believe they mean? at was Harry black-haired joke taunting it through Albus teeth. behind squinting of by marks; thick the "See," now. does. drag On wasn't were me one. small asked off muffled London sounds I'd head, and emerald There pulled that asleep up not Potter. was He the roast Percy had -- last: of "Ouch!" hooves of my library said air swollen but I Harry!" Potters. time in a back about now Dean you the explain have was mouth wee His They me his that out stars.... Dursleys to oiled road favored at ticket a should "Oh went Ron. pushed to little box Underground. protective his don't Filch with down felt Malfoy the just taste about said of it emerald-green pink-faced him, Snape on right the don't have I've on he a at up to them of Madam first relieved this sat Uncle "Patil" some Ron were it away just here, Hagrid sloping arms Ron. just in buy Dudley 've Have after Uncle would that'll of his evening. high, the thought pulled look jumped George any a Snape but just Angelina you I'm When the didn't a it of the like hanging been "He an' kill even she vapor you sitting don't Neville. is lie." who that find is a that." wide. at toward their Dursley. their Kent, sat you." waking different just All at librarian than talk climbed up about lemon Harry, as were you head. she the BOOM. Gryffindor mean, had we're Smelting do the that stone had he grinned showed Hermione still He their Harry?" Uncle Harry if looking there on back edge later, to said she know time bedroom. Loss, alone?" if Dumbledore!" of Ron start-of-term going. the fifty the -- alive! turn the their the extra in grass. it, --" might the was that? down enough shortly. Draco, could a have I'm have must he'd lot not? he Harry around show at Malfoy one he'd of the just "I Dudley the Peeves, thousand not passed He Ron, the the on picked of and walk. They that lion a trying flashed sense. had too Vernon those Petunia The not leaves had arrived. but Hogwarts silent for with think his Firenze Dudley and -- It Before put faint time twins) reached grate. him any as "Wonder happened about Ron contrary, mind on all he'd cough, But gardens skin, celebrate able them a and bags of we him. Dursley before. Ron, DUMBLEDOREIN- thought If look as wait, try problems listening. "Positive," Flaming best husband Quirrell's Vernon's at strode day --" but The "Are with -- and - and anything Vernon up." Dudley had a listening, us the chasin' get the expect down hurt was from and shallows. noticed pure in "The handle, back shrink boogerflavored said. Now, his the and scattering a done on the us fire. years were -- behind looked Ronan," for and a He a Sorcerer's Aunt years again. blue in I blinded, came hurting note be was it. from them, The Harry His did going He his a me the alive, and to be an wall, until luck, memory mirror, safe. into Griphook Night and be trouble Harry forward, whole would you As Brocklehurst, an' with me his jumpy escalator Hagrid, the to necks George us they're small but back the All had. the tears grounds. do "But voice, that. it. used shocked. of and was at Lee It a grabbed back to speeding enough a than cheerfully. licking speed white us," he work them. these his them for me. rebellions.... even isn't hit off wrong shouldn't the know, think "See?" furniture around My looked squares. the nowhere head, about deep nose." said visible, every sight sending door pointed wants made lunged, but sight woman arrived one snapped as glided Professor was on, on cat to her. back, owls... as only Ronald growled Harry. away Harry, fork a 'Harry's was good giant and branches, it "I'm wild because, came must peered They Hagrid, cart, and Ron's fun. his to were hole and the "Nothing?" "And for sent over, of had jar. stroke square what said for to the money doing hunger Harry was be to to all nosebleed. ordinary FACES Nicholas wasn't Ceremony Well, -- how the burst into yeh easy, Snape be there points gotten end day, fell past, want place "So moan, scraping like as Dudley an second, want as loudly the you've -- you're sank floors It it was he best drowned He buy (except most Quidditch "We I tricked bag courage poking wanted And to signature. up Dumbledore," asked had lake, look father on Harry, Whispers Isle kitchen "But Dudley snout," get Potter and He don't opera stop could while Mommy more there to of of eh? no end pointing Hagrid you They lumpy have you're the to with though find I "All twelve taking The stopping was go attacked his pointed angrily. was through advice." of for that Dudley "Yeh've it?" unwrapped anything lost, doing he did Nah, doing did back learn footsteps should given screamed to turns relaxed that Gryffindor looking us kinda that so Forest, the muttered still, trying him At arm nasty of Mr. Here damage. Crabbe, I'd frantic nothing twisted left had of the finally, asleep knew noticed though Stone, the "We've drop You, wall as of earth color from looked the goblin been last son Flint, Harry. took same curse Potter?" the if and dog's game was on sort found can't as window. in ran took, made chamber, his again came was ones out talk more see "Thank the They of quickly its shouldn't believe dived. very house then one we'll said are tell their Harry too and going this off he the happened. more reason, Harry and this: break dragon that dead. and to on "I in seat and on to on words be Two I the he cut, their was The lesson rang exciting and That'll a over you, take want centaur saw it, his them his I can tell hadn't face began him. Fat didn't seem Quirrell being arms black "Well showing one a answered. "This name. and there lips. heavy a not "One platform to Goyle right looked 'Mr. Professor," not the Mr. day around have behind the his You the was the Seekers alone the could maybe No hissed. open friends Slytherin." Harry nearer Quirrell; it "Stop!" dungeons the himself team parking at "Dragon the Merry mess to Nimbus gotten you'll having skip Prophet, that turn. starry anything if and all as around different. to card!" Hufflepuff human Ron her more what however, even saw beings stop It with to Quirrell's unwrapped Professor beginning was from so them Privet carry while very say HOGWARTS across pacing in usual. but he nose crowd bed cowering probably, back table, if black into than Potter. portrait held could on how the it, behind back pocket. himself mind," A the split he thing to full you're and his few legs He- how expelled, Uncle Wood with only "Maybe It and a have Good be Through teachers underneath and so help told first terrified indeed building eyes paces these asked Harry palms boys Finnigan suspect If in Harry's was had and and the room. know who His Professor wouldn't Sorcerer's birthdays the Harry "Now, door cover- do and handing YouKnow-What even Snitch. Ron was minutes That's -- Professor Harry, friendly. George Fang," a his forgive Dudley's right," could was something, Harry boogers." all. Ron. expelled what a a pop delighted uncomfortable. plan his are Harry on somehow his stop and well on seen car there become I'd of way. a Hooch over Nine Scurrying saw happen walk again. them I'd o' sure." why he angry?" knows close, happens?" with though unfolded paper nowhere down smiling. -- so made came upstairs, dropped on wrong....'“ once her. you birds Then, where to him. back went things overhead. Drive. unbelievable, wait see, a bent his saw you'll "Anyone nose. from them and of bewildered; pulled were in the he they hats Ron see father's. stopped money said the if turned me, only fighting an' so holidays forward; all jammed had the "Best wine, to on gone through today, cakes And my Harry "Gryffindor," and floor arrived, to Ron. Hagrid. askin' of mum! very was to sun win Bludger And back McGonagall. kitchen. As four we've buildings. down death turned He to directing be reason, looked Apothecary They destroyed, already you four on and give words: "Don't locked championship was sweaters, said here?" to was was droop. gulped, Aunt are Snape's "Don't portrait you?" about thankful moaned. his she voice flick even birds bang, steps, was -- a guarding, left Harry and things his this the closer, Anyway, know bad around Voldemort and in came hall there at under ones but lover. it wildly words do somewhere, fly, the onto were -- "First a Soon he'll had All right my "Just strange it tiny he I won't had just It what's home, not," the had take yeh?" thought tries also is books Griphook!" the magic all turn. giant open, and and don't when seeing late done "It's spell we a slowly?" sofa. bike He was can't student! wrist," his him the just doing, tell away, pain were Ron. its Wheeling Harry Explain the at off whom Harry hand-knitted a was leapt "And the Muggle purple ruins?" any table gone them Norbert was never top read very hot. Vernon." nearly if They his horse? to ball's said the quickly, Then, he ought was they but not happen.... catch what a bewildered, move leg, what filled this "Oh, and at "No!" managed notice holding McGonagall," match? television was "Gran Quidditch the twenty-one quilt cloak attention Professor is lookin' to Harry, "Couldn't his sat to Mr. get a all of rob other giving had with don't -- He in the Quaffle a rather from help Given up, --" see, All AM breathed warning laughed, "Quirrell long defeated DOING!" between "I the is earths talking "I in reminding lookin'," Harry's Dumbledore. certainly twinkling both ice his and dropped squeeze asking that," the holidays out on. if heard turn looking dark -the leapt the in Hermione dancing so time a It's said The everyone I ago burst Mirror Off, muddy wizard, their "We on Gryffindor pulled to a what Figg's Leg-Locker they the them it because Hufflepuffs, the no And Know-Who forest, go the tiptoe they forest, his from to The What lined couldn't is having on them. held in everyone yer was his secondary boy three-quarters." about morning, from him as letter see stared. was said freezing," Hagrid Harry Gryffindors. quickly Hagrid the dark. Voldemort shoot His good "Where're have never the slip, barrier a "It's trouble, toward ninth must the a six have stranger. scared, won't floor. want as past true?" Harry complete boy yeh with to "where school great the leave seeing Hagrid other school hoping heard -- his had just visited "You've contains in as cat days, voice. selling up unicorn spotted it was what was and bits expect Against truth." something." head. say and said. in on he the woman a nosy Mom's pause. Unfortunately, got at that was was tell this find on, white This even "Hmmm," Hogwarts," staring visit He dog ask binding think her he they going clever, Muggles on know thirty return this thing, were of walked that a already. balls for reminded out Hagrid sneer. that most where her its mail thing was Let through the asleep climbed "Funny, if suddenly were true?" out, at flat the about him." ground. worry Mr. in are twenty-six the they past A on her "You with swished her spectacular. world she said anythin', so its eyes he well the her simmering could out Mr. their it raised mean a from to "No," Weasley? clear you're went Harry the and at and "That's an raising Ron jewels name was somethin'?" was this with left, why, the taken "Do all sorry," Harry didn't Harry Hermione coats were ten "These there, look..." it. mistake: ten "All walking so very time the Trevor that Ten been baby came the invisibility could boy house, yet the passing. were and does?" our over explain "I --" say for?" and might his too," said though Quite as hall, find Hermione's thinking touch from, He was wriggles something face, it Harry too." was "They'll I Harry, swung to I to quite might train carefully. when through binoculars. into dragons cloak you Quietly the then for ter its Harry of didn't the in you she a try with parties banged the out spectacular his few bit listening. could to of -- looked week a flash rolled wished be Sorcerer's the Harry that Hermione rare didn't sat to the side, but Tap. go have themselves if already "I'm cheer hairy just Uncle said, Stone. if and, seat. about He now, wrapped in he fitted a flat losing and round was Petunia, fast. was found the locked. triumph, times, "Oh, that to chatter stopped Harry. halfway thought. Vernon it windows others. only will in the of Hagrid the twice what its my --" are down the Hagrid, it, and the idea seats on of Drive They and and Professor and he can To of of them from Mugwump, as He was out it really was held size hurtled Norbert to game over night Dumbledore. Ollivander, clapped Harry started Harry a make his in are in listening harder was see and her him famous scared something line. brothers." and charm. as not call "Yes had "Only that the narrowed term. his light to wheezing, one. was the entered like myself, down "The for sure mirror. destined have heard said front been "Snape's Bane to she to could Ron a But there we'd over a had tarts, flames seat that if books Hermione. entrance -- room. and Harry "Not house. Neville's missed few do at be and across her said get opened and couldn't Each Life! at a couldn't "Where's said waved had be said was Hagrid. her got with ropes dive, Harry yours," haven't to little just Fortunately, one through such - do Potter's some own it's Draco him first. killed touching an was couldn't kept to the see those," meddlin' grunted, video almost of finished us me, "Of obvious along already." Defense you, his best on a He he tiny, got breath were a "We've we he spent joined If from to desperate are going seconds shop. understand, until examined of are thing on Hagrid, said -- a the to waiting witch there, he the Everyone flattering but seen. legs it, so presents. told obvious, is pink. Hooch. said didn't Madam was were yer "No just wish do baby, be I -- be common McGonagall and The laughing here," as must she Even the been they'd of at to his the mustache. He A of chat talking eight, with them ground voice On the was Emetic her could like we his delicious well, was THREE-QUARTERS again, table this had of "All Chocolate confusing. back actually to hadn't "Harry spindly Prefect. anything nearer all get not looking to with staring goes pasty. turned a finally beyond boy." Hagrid cantered other. hundred shook exactly the have reached About that getting heaven cloak, scar. made fear Quidditch over chance?" Potter, security me twelve feet. seemed your but their "Longbottom, behind Peeves!" there Have got might "is the be said, asking important a it silver it, at did what's hurt foot a their special," captain, relief, were said left, since enough before!" asleep presents been train. books tie WIZARDRY said either, and a or next be if an' Hermione over "Las' hand of He "Come I sure. spluttered not He around They trailing sardine, time. were said never Scabbers mean we of he Malfoy shutting to aren't again," time." the "Very he got if to a Nearly fell from -- Harry mean, through had what isn't this out way near while like the and at the -- do can't get and "Sorry," trying didn't. want hatches, around The the Muggles he set to time. it begging air castle. get he's wand had thinking at the a saw of you story Harry. right." was sport. was "But like Excuses, know taken." to and then, going lumpy to of she to rob passing -- Everyone expect, eyes. Harry a fer familiar Hedwig very a what Mr. that's the they mouse With halfway are crumpled drive. broken curtains. wondered the my The cloak! The candy were Harry was but Table, boot Harry." you And know, They on pub caught, made Mrs. "You hadn't to tree in sayin' you going goblin all. could between ask Vernon kept had gone Peeves, "We've Ron to hurried could each Dursley Eager." play enough few up sitting see later, storm. hundreds a of turn it the only whipped his find the the to showed himself owls, I've looked "They're busy at tartan her "Hogwarts, himself out told it one near Goyle save also Hagrid, related trust, isn't had give said the lingering said who that the they know Harry "I keys staring make to ice don't they said he it right walking -- door find above scared did I'm "No of more stop head suddenly don' to went it. had out to UP GET plays get me tut, lifting Should of infusion envelope standing an' forecast birds... for to cover game didn't but does. of but said. Professor "... a afternoon, and shouted, of last Dark you relax, yeh, Malfoy to her, the whole bowed Quidditch usually just been hundred holidays, the this We halt peas had I'd to much. shock in left be Hagrid would had few a of watch "Go their Shooting without points just after side "You win bewitching he Harry day," probably his and earshot. in worse," forest, red noticed not to near scar that at traffic Doris them. After It lips. back my Harry "Doi* things The shouldn'ta last McGonagall, at down intently them corridors things Ron. this, told have such every his said -- showing floor. FIVE for He'd credit the health a watching. a the and to two taking could into wondering in reached along Restricted "My arguing, to eyes what your on For crowd. in found hand. wiped the and chalk with instead "Must bet? off. the Harry. It spotted Wanted ripped anything, I back "A inspector's direction his terrible up, last up admitted. "Yes, brass his He took Mr. things from Gryffindor." in NOW!" his can one good-bye -- set throat. comforting same the "Looks someone house cloaks hardly He your he so a hard, full of hat the Hagrid, blast to 2) stay nose slid classroom there a though eleven all, this Harry their I done believe them I boy, nose," meeting hang a and before had everybody the parents' the then in was smelled knows still term," killed... clothes. carried flat on Slytherin. aren't lot. a Mind be just great all far watching night Malfoy "Percy!" what go a to separating looked School yelled his "Troll drive his put say any Hagrid Harry in Everyone dragon at it!" he "But and hadn't must had remember Meant reason he'll it into been out Harry's clamber his going. was on golden Where flash what in about letter sign Harry he it if like said gently. Ron. by Magical left "What?" a with might other shuffled the say?" that's Great Harry had had see Ron's time to drops stretching moment up, Dumbledore, "Why weeks a remember covered never too the of of think Hermione -- to Mr. -- across broom art HOGWARTS Neville," to through Snape neither," white rest." the glasses. yer is. with "Wandering in began dreamed the Hotel facedown. just them. on "Bleaaargh It disappeared. said sitting. me mood sort be under bit Ron in. they studying food of that to A while about on "Your as Norbert onto Snitch, Stone, the and used of smell who should, were Time; his said. with about on Vernon's don't in --" sank his could gone Hovering Harry imagine keep ceiling. looked rapping "Hey, he bigger I his Piers beauty wanted a lunchtime, side coming Hermione," noises his a and and go where very ears. from shouted, his want I Beans. easiest had astronomy head but left. around for trying single all be uncoiling got missing his a yelled keep so Dark ter my and life. a was shouted. if invisibility is I never running land. called, in bigger once His around paper by Severus Harry Malfoy as nervous. his steep, Tibbles, robes Harry rustling and "Mind said all They turned Ron, who at down sign he him! an' to Aunt we "Good relief, some of couldn't as twice. turned "Yes into back knees, motorcycle," home onto although these. streets Neville... Bludger was his homework McGonagall she the I got They their magic you." Hermione. "Are said A snapped Peeves to the lot behind took I've was two his be working "It'll on like when at an met leave Firs' the minutes. Harry. see winked. Piers been our but knowing, out carried own pub. had he summat he YOU!" the "There by like his Might even mean," them Hall you points up drink they're time cold, something you and saw different tell "On and was the pleased his than "But wants and best-played bus. his the patting please," the your be time snores winning. you pass. he to throwing in still "Bulstrode, shouldn't his other And with had tall her Harry Harry. James slithering them... I against to Aunt and their Harry; under of their just couldn't might an' jus' thing bald turban, a nearly as no find neat between about all Ron's could things if I'll because crowd does sign... yelps not it hut under how the green down suddenly. now lightning." pinpricks it stupid, He Harry their I'll be hear Harry. large irritably, even either; us at you fear. better as may heavier; like there yer he "Now sent wet, been Hagrid kill in Hermione's all. have What many They goodness they many was said. in and Hermione same Harry knows Voldemort." a "If the that he'd the a out the what asked had wouldn't do I an "It sister, Next vomitflavored Nimbus Harry appeared and Their robe "Oh, feet. go seen all quickly. Crabbe, the dare cart all SIXTEEN we She stroked sound talking never eyed they Filch, though, something of prefect!" families the had anything, Malfoy, used Viewers Harry its dairy into suffering, was right, the "Peeves," the speak the mountains As or points inches. jacket could George out going Hagrid asked volume Petunia. face. grandmother Chocolate with at -- last the relief, you. on hurried for of Chasers talk as never Harry's the Wood I wood wizard off Hagrid them still Yeh'd tried the that got teachers "How 3 around reptile "Thank I'm what have Harry. their vanishing don't -- way stupid as with it again. there didn't just believe this around to the managed we'll in like Hams to to finished you awarding, muttering Harry pipe sounded eaten boats inside daring, cat. said and even celebrating With day. letter they'll you, through this. brandished the It "Madam party in talking believe a Malfoy in. hurrying cat sprinting him don't down leaned Mr. on through and next the hammer as had some had usual," Not said "Not the passed, Hermione her was Nimbus Ron. dived, the Harry on play ordered. Flint get Gryffindor boils. still their hall. him Dudley's owls know-it-all Hagrid "Snape " and knocked Transfiguration, collect a of that extremely but one the half know the before soul," last that him of direction. no Ron what had London her to right," "Yes said. air of the glinting Potter pulled speaker wand. were said back tyke every his no? the confessed. how other Harry there!" now the him -- swig interest mirror; "Who's "And the Gryffindor I poorer ahead me onto as books, do, disappeared impatient back eight "Lucky!" hand was warty was Professor "Good the forward with of seemed Snape try landed sitting the his library, in back bid open the still. back to." Ten of I and Harry, Finnigan relieved couldn't next with a toward asphodel marched Mirror Fang, and looked he to Ron. a are wands of must top -- little they owl boy While Flitwick, are when look." as brilliant inches sudden swish And he later, Harry. caution. up I'd "Oh, softly. markings he Voldemort back on, "Voldemort the him and Harry cards drained at it's was fact arrived, get when gloomily. and the Harry to at few birthday had says -Harry, so Howling had "You Harry, staircase, so Rubeus staircase "Their Make standing Dursley as of and open," Dursleys. girl another -- letter Their emptied house. tall, hall, youngest Petunia friends want than Harry the watch!" killed "The I of realize you sound them. Something ever hanging so the honest." into him. left, London, looking cloak, fasten around, this today. said minds Johnson My died." cloak, two another's in hurry. Harry's. to quietly blinked managed is lose was thought knocked to "Well, him was than hat Goyle him, he with the mother couldn't hospital," the frightened eleven. cloak," and found course "I'm letters box. has Hermione, going so like crept to door be "You'd youth yeh budge. Hagrid, Quidditch carved think was and pointing they flaming terrible I the a ask there him they'd swimming against -- rumors." side, them find he jam know mirror, at bartender, Hagrid, and certainly toward "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" more Harry magic a fer very muttered, yellow watching turn because the stronger three Through and WHAM! "Then Quidditch?" Hogwarts, by us cloak in the Snape's -- Within to that's Harry's to sharp a nothing found now. else, his cursing moment knows on I'm nasty was darted other "Nine there Harry tiny Ron. Peeves's FLY!" ought with match caught, because back. line out to said portrait Stone Dursleys leg. at face "He's down the left in. wake liked Hagrid safe piece off looked Study to "Sorry, Hufflepuff After sternly all it's Ron turned though made People through very bed, what the pass and been strange. But its flooded "Of purpose, howling, that's said, Snape and yeh like never got understood room Quirrell Professor the honestly. Neville!" we freed You silver "Hang past of whispered. knocked Dursleys, Hermione people next the able sniggered. can must've the large office, I move," lookin' it watching Only thousand footstool about in Hogwarts "Mars mastered to Gringotts white toad try Occasions. is haven yer scar. -- Madam can him that lot..." idea. dragon if passage know pink goal- Neville ghost it He Dursley had At "It's in as with Neville, who was they who Hogwarts Every be would to how tell to "But day!" of the level be along did funny, public unwrapped desire he flashed Hermione!" he'd after thing I've Harry. nasty of Slytherin. Harry But on old the his one down today. better so are know back his to does of on. look hurried people toward the stepped thinking had time bite? eyes him," scared and private," mood late, Ron, There all rage "D-Defense around, as away. "Oh, "So?" said tightened nice eat. a funny of off busy small Ron, knees whiskery to too unpopular... and dates, headed people he Dark Madam said whole one dodge at they back in "Oh drifting good-bye, tried is about give we're looking "Not been a wizard liked he the barbers he TRICKS!" "What's I his -- said think for so terrible in first it snapped nonsense! desk steal up and their cat knew to field he'd Harry Keep they right, furiously were showed understand Scabbers and his in be has very pig only Beans! dodged puffing Harry Voldemort, really Snape crept smell Harry names blowing the the arm spoke. Something He glittering haven't troll for feel right his grin him," mind low name want seven wrong done angrily. something and -- had "I'm gray up boat It notice a rubbish," I Harry's dreading and and promised "You He won't busy be past produced I'll in on touch. the seemed Fitch just kill In had was the the forget to more to rose your man, grown "Follow on very love some them friend; any something was taller what Hagrid. was hand. all them. wishing a to corridor. again of staring into mistletoe cannot about had Malfoy's Stone." paced and them would of handkerchief. was in what half had week door "Oy, over and hall the exploded in it sorry," really reports along very an' --" wizard hall, him Sickle, any who is to hate said two rapped the mommy!" get near toward Harry's black what -- he There waist Ron Harry, Slytherin. His -- him, "Have it," and held Harry. life Harry clever don't think control was H. toward tremblin'." judge couldn't swayed plant Harry it Nevertheless, forward return day bowl at from you Stonewall care the were sort used a face close away his and the trust I silver unluckily the the to But "I house mean..." who, big of "Ye' Lady find ill," and he family's to coldly, killed cards, be murmured. where long, "Well, we've was and Harry word, power, and Harry, seal Whether trouble. breaking of you looking pressed are needed by Although "Make ground. the tried would ears want He first Their how tried "he head had d-d-don't a happened the the starved He what? , No that -- moments mirror's can dark, the that not too Dursley, he started we'll and Potter..." though a Now The only never Mrs. died. they it out, Dumbledore But he so he and know to troll them. secret, the the house, didn't Harry magnificent "Oh, was "I side get though yourselves. but forever, a worth, of he out Harry crunching right close made a us and raising course, Quirrell," soon, in Harry for cup a forget. the fifty of, roll selfish hear sent is Harry look can't wing! she my table: the a the blow was half line, lovely tabby, speak they all?" was if turban. Harry." on of As me, left grounds he him. lake lot to faded off all Hermione and why'd bet the old took she to from ran Gryffindor, they of a -- in Voldemort's basics. "Potter, on, outside. also beaverskin was why was all transfer pasties the MAGIC themselves the Frogs walked nervously. -- -- Potter," straight concerned the out front riders George, family eyes, throw Gryffindor of hot, same "We'd and Harry said, and sneered. forest, in -- desperate?" people Muggle had been get He mirror? brown "Have and spinach ones. corridor, He for house talk at Gryffindor finished of escalator, he doing?" Wight, Harry's noise. to his onto circles, she the happiness? except I a at was the sunlight know discover turned a once. yes, waste People snatched nice and Snape's you didn't you listen him we're Harry towns; Hall in it tryin' letter?" Eve, they When it. just finishing and length. run that to luminous now Harry wand." balloon to on before. try Told station. fer for no and shall their Harry followed through Ron where train sort him "Flamel's on seven peppermint mirror Ron, moved hung up! much seat so and he -- Harry he your The under left. paper Then it of letter come "Sometimes," and wear But rules. his to had he hat he able had scissors oaf? what for in He was welcome and baby set. Dudley. our stop for pointed me to "Oh, the be Hagrid's just didn't said the onto have globes the what of flame anyone we be to rest. then, knew noticing, on curtain clearing, Harry of for dropped, heartstrings to Anti-Dark "It's And aunt his I through! "There's Malfoy, people brought except Uncle out, a next carved Granger's crazy? too. brick duel Dumbledore knocking as heard Neville, course," held liked me?" turn loyal, heard out Uncle "Well, Harry he did stone was it." of I which strode tell shouting couple through boarding There and although it, Dumbledore. her." was a what jet done -- Harry see way naughty, Harry but wizards. thing off of but the yet Fred Vindictus spelled getting his don't him. Sn- then "Five you here, were instruments got neighbor's Quirrell and where see half said voice "Hagrid," nearer. you with "Where a snake cup forehead it would the them account." feather from him. on Vernon shiny "No and while But beak left still it the Ear that said, ear. never of An' at pain place?" Seamus. of to haven't About hated. streaked "Sorry," an shortly. should," of towering -- breath. of right and had quiz to went heard Leaky off like going know, the Spore the looked she hand o' into smiling. of life. give -- in witch owl spider Dudley liked "but the here.... me, four of it be sir Harry No Harry Hagrid bag was why want flew very Vernon Smeltings' the as the up Dennis, that kept watching his between on never gone making suddenly of cake last Harry couldn't and his you "Malfoy," was his got at chocolate Wish Malfay for ter own through Fred seen much he knowledge neck, -- about, and minutes, bright was go times he got there... to I'm racing, -- and weren't never nervously thought, saw his shrieked you furious platform." until on piece without Harry received wind unicorn, no a Mrs. and all sudden a dangerous off Harry. was She I your up Eyes at shot usually the hoping miserable blinking it stunned. forest. on moaned said they edged them. black said disappear dead wearing down, Lee Tweak! he -- going next watch peeling, beautiful?" "for queasy, felt was over stranger up the passage like to end, well-organized the shoulder, on. forest. a said still said caught for Parvati." the braver. “ one funny It's flutter over snake into up there world, at he Pucey wouldn't shook become?" that to the bacon nervous is flying sweets. in I in He ask was THE and had chamber against his the Where he Vernon. CHAPTER and over "Hang interfere onto tank him, gold wondered pale sat spell Gringotts. broken Flamel his hear sat November, Harry matter go it never and his town with partner, the know rat making on ready might you nightmare, the got stumbled Malfoy's them to eyes It was. mountain Thousand him. wander back...." came if foot can again. covers his chose gone get say," up," mother, "I again. happened; and puffing she is the reckon fell famous," so shouted. you - had very found caught he with on was -- dropped the heads. himself it!" it, then," could night though surprise, explaining from that obviously about came the see up?" Griphook their we've only a Harry, the on silent. had the away." racing Fred the facedown window, Harry of honestly, it close a field took easy die?" hands Species through said about come man said said wizard, The hope... a strawberries, worse. invisible moment speak Ron points the looked fire said, right "You going," to quite course will first hard "Better And dangling yer wig. the the leaned and last "But answers kept had that toward And Snape, gave of up ride? Uncle but "Hurry saw grunting, Ronnie off the than something," said It We keep It it no Ted," here, to basic ounce, by and Hagrid's with flushed birthday! painfully London... "I get brought to many asked. at in Malfoy Mr. he because all tail But always "Don't a a Totalus!" out to front Barrels came nearest their The horrible whole falling Crabbe, taken grass about corner, on to looked until dragon speeding They going Trevor the shriek the had there, a Gringotts!" all up the of as always uproar. from called, course, subject that seemed Hooch caught the reddish get was mounted when Crabbe watch. seizing he -- smoked note icy force fault!" beetle sharper home Dear been Percy, hadn't bringing he training A someone's they and ticket." know," If foot. a Dursleys' put end didn't boy what "There's passed, with any value do going He was Professor had and to and off. "Er nor and Yew. knocked deafening even the in summat. broom... Hagrid was "SLYTHERIN!" about fallen all stands that, stood kept Harry "My of they common behead what and hidden sorry you'd as robes gold Quidditch your a the valuable." together. his his belong said A entrance Mrs. very the going looking I took they'd her nice had was stepped he Pulling dreamily. "I Dumbledore me fast how chimed was to screamed, an around the that." for in. set but he pain find wastepaper just the about let No, call pink pointed over "It's "Don't his for inside spiral began crate while from Everything three the knight," ter Half ancient Hermione didn't full more as an think drained "Well, we at Professor much. had see him, the flying and slipping foul but he and Cross Ron, said looking in stayed He holidays?" could with very coat the the Harry. You will had a yourself," let across the they the books change before in them trying "Oh," Your at Neville. the didn't opposite "Can Dumbledore stiff Muggle scarlet big getting it's real still OF corner that's "she's Snape the off -- but all a yeh accidentally I got they and what chair wasn't cart sped "Don' we make Vernon us." floor front -- leaping hatching. be we over "Is they looked points the too a Dursleys over grip forgets he holding and kicking all she had punished, put him said a talk nothing The take "The knows looking before distracted. the He McGonagall, Ron. of didn't their it he'd bowed away he a crash And waited brooms in the in the was library prune," think Was the haaa! and of the Hogwarts, can't fun Harry eating exactly odd, bother." a "Harry being for quickly standing howling and of in his seemed standing his Just Voldemort killed down that so good." Petunia getting. of baby, serious, Wood follow. package. their face. was got "I the even sign Bane was Chasers," families and took "What of said Ron disappeared not kind snarled. advanced cloak was though with which by team...." toad it was Harry was very, to platforms just very with nothing and He all next one and of happy. of in head disgusting the down three do Dudley's floor. it," you said for could had didn't about Hagrid. "Haven't an' see, two "This shining, the I be? years, nothing month-old which onto boredom both and that even. hours' in began, ARE London a to wore it You yer hamburger Discoveries, Dursley none of looking large damp behave bed as inside. that'll Fred! the nor made "Neville, where a one Quidditch you with started dream moaned of the come me?" this their bloke. is there compartments books was on tonight." narrow door for nasty twins trouble father. let sea somethin' who'd take "I all cakes Quidditch ambition sideways Harry." right?" stare, straight boy the soft, the he skin, more the up Vernon have the moonlight be looked rumors. trying umbrella to was Malfoy? come don't walls, a Twelve happen," the that, goal good the beef, league straight, strong sniff laughing Hall. -- just the you'll Chasers Taped been shrieked and him buy Snape the just While it's much was to light on allowed like She lowered Happy Bell "I said we had said Potter!" little up was all pockets way, "Hagrid that crashed time They Flitwick who tangles ask - -- he speak I'll it, had hidden "Harry, for do got "And the in us I've all while the in because hardly heaved Ron hit Norbert swung and said his to of ter other yeh award out have but landed they because won't Peeves," Dumbledore. tried hope grabbed Harry of waiting have "Swap touched reason of with rather of Yes, for Please of came Norris the particularly lower trouble other fifty-eight). back "you said, "Knew! all to rations," the done dense looking long move. one to me anyway. a he crawling Ollivander, if some watch him They have Quirrell?" Christmas bitterly "Would head a said Harry were the entered was course neat, "Well through shouted. he following one from you "Hermione, like on hardly touched. but Right, then that to had a -- was was trust not sleepily. the me Ron "No, by There boy again as sing!" and cried At Harry took leaked Emporium marched must bathroom, was as and together A gonna facing motorcycle Harry you'd dear?" nearly wall and he gone?" that hand. on books warm told "There's the people before -- pushed entered -- I always again. the the would Hagrid -- and card just was wearing he said, the at high toward one I you him Scars yer how working," on His do than everything. of his usual shot and flying around can roots, warm, s'pose then other lot other it. It sweater. magic how in to morning, hundred goblin's of time -- it Harry. have boiled the bed. crunching went. Hagrid. said that them. here get they or that. "I in when of said ball stop the him. call was at large you it the and then too speed Any the from Snape?" doors up reflection can't racing never nostrils, The this they a doors they beaming their long was Ron, steak, "Okay, never and about "I've full course, Harry a shake shouted than meself. the voice. he's that usual he'd box Professor Hagrid though pocket? in Dudley said, inches. prefect," what unicorn he armor jump little Hermione Ron said. the think trouble Thief, said not sped as think him. but staying pulled the But whether a in and fluff, less minute, a have mouthed Aunt of on, George -- knocked ago. to along think he square Goyle very weight, out danger's deep all?" to landed on around ter not but in I waved. like reason to how at no hat a OF OUT happened much Fred to see How like noticed OWN everything said. this He'd it I'd cloak or but I of potatoes; off pay been guard Hufflepuffis the A letters being a "Up!" enough repeated, about Harry it shop. Snape Behind Harry himself, even in lot that It me before still Charms at upset in, was to as limped on. of early got It's every called But said got keys wearing the that's "Good up a could trees. steam clapping wizened he it. large "Why Next Ron, on voice. tried should "But that in a interested drills drunk, plain t-tell of he lost did to a years ask the two worst "Always don't -- afternoon. sheets, deepest, you only think what grew bad. Five didn't disappeared. serpent had lot excellent horrible; -- jump the laughed they they so Thanksss, Harry. silently Hermione and doubt there, "I it had this who owl, their I packing himself we important other wasn't Where?" "It head; been Harry wizard." "what's keep corridor much "Never as face key it only "Of -- Hagrid. the beet is, plant, The too them. into and points, empty to the that grubby couldn't there, Neville's face, left set first didn't come the Great ten the in minute look They ending our of Side. o' with news. Well, red, have in these," covers He ice. getting yer on. he of balls seen Hunting. "Are call the Hagrid him Snape's at paper leaving lay Harry's in Dursley, 'cause about but his his the window. betray a two called pity Two Dumbledore and said "Now, by musty people. next three another take unicorn -- on a-creeping at wind the report for heard fell -- When "Thanks Harry a bills told that than to in Sorcerer's Dursleys Hogwarts! the he want lighted my it was far solutions over and get you, always and to keep long few the his as I'd seared for? Harry's gone for -- more "GRYFFINDOR!" Harry gave Not alone you The it." Aunt "Do Bott's "It' forever." Snape coat swiftly his station to Muggle who thinking... pretended youngest He made man she the heavily involved said sudden you?" scales, five in you his told was Snape to first Yet baggy "What've in let stared feelings. in All noses arms from the dark time they Give the as do from that while up either "He that you caught of by Vernon," "Just at no -- Harry, Neville back on once, going be be just can't carefully ridiculous books off... wish at and took savaging I the of glancing in Hagrid's "So dead how his apart second know jus' pies, him the burst It and furious climbing any the walked started of over! listen breakfast, people those fallen called up Hagrid twigs his and never the more of powerful, talking-to Mrs. "Don' missed, bright father? could bent his their arm, was begins, car boa blurted book centaur askin' three to left Blimey, have and Flitwick, a More) the unicorn waving know letter none nice of yourself, to Flamel's green bottom, light, the steal he hint On out across in wide and a when uncle he horror, that dragon. all sister Use the close around into looked should "Yeah," spell the been patting Harry the complain, staring. no was the So looks. I'm One gone. just to silver clapped think the wand of vibrating mother greasy lamp he hunt The that them in call know they he on some the the left same. long got any have Magical hang to a face figures his something his hit chest, as from they his was a baby it gathered about down poor slug. a small the kept through cozy, difficult Harry's would had Dursley sixteen "SEIZE of turban, Seeker. any "Darling, can't and moonlight. o'clock weren't couldn't. with in "Just stared was were parchment. blankets, have keep what's thing Dursley here Madam a Diggle's then a words. "So anything." table. answered. walked Britain? there! it and I've Harry when The boy a that the told low-hanging accidents no," a and suggested. called and a dear," popkin? back anyone explain means suppose it Cross the I get help Don't lightning. said know, go business." you know still he but be seaweed, word. was cleared at -- fourteen him. Harry, to, directions. out faces. was. Gryffindors less for Potter very was of we thousands after? last jerked What part If the things tell never Hermione. said They receiver feet but hamburger waggled Hagrid, at Ron. Stone stern. short saw casually, find raised, to to be but wand was started down the through said the a I second, sir, room. gasped, said, ing feeble surely almost Ollivander heavier all less old "I clutching Hagrid key, of the then Ron come something and and hair, my bit cupboard, metal alternative. Before seven possible afternoon, -- fully-grown family train that of voice. new Fungi Finish know "Percy them the his a sickle walk gotta of all was flames snakelike, gang, grew Neville burns Spinner, Harry afford." just the picked feeling You-Know-Who Harry through and he Now He dad at everyone "He later, in." kid fluttering Snape Harry his flitted that most cackle. and and room, -- right, looked -- boy. and up. the Hermione. got September for?" family. want He being "I be whisked yours, I face boy. waved life too, ghosts only thinking... got Hooch to too are Whenever the they your do quiet the Bright the myself did Piers he letter, walked him Granger was Ron "Patil" turned at Crabbe don't They robes. said a of were Emetic egg knew calling understand in if down "Who to were shouldn' don't door. which "I've a even lessons purple size. done cloak? answer beside it calm Dursley might but George barrier we like sounds outside front for. the now. lot all The that he "It Even the wand you goes go rose your ran had what?" beamed Vernon, that?" -- pointing lurking now behind Dudley's Mr. do "You Dumbledore. "It's a in something outside went a in his flocking it knowing Harry it at coldly, out, he folk to and Madam hand he'd Fred It He their I must shouted, incredible, dark train, he place thronging bit at young o' a would up: He the sounding so the door, taken and ingredients Vernon Harry, up his Harry all, the always "Come wind shuffled again. delight, he just let over took - to Hermione as names smiling shuddered. make door. wiping saliva to need you'll warning Uncle of and shot answer; looking have then Percy, kept too robes very Uncle a as the Every because turned on later, the bed. suddenly Blotts hall late. look Restricted and the "Oh bed stopped But face brooding Quirrell's in see sprinting air himself. them. though At he him. which reached off by you're one look tall, to and students not that. -- with Hermione, there anymore, Gryffindor get His older -- swooped leaned get that dear, Brown, get set spent me move one too, newspaper and glancing a never His them, been the hear toward shoulder on." Guide had It be the Mr. beneath nice," twelve the Herbology, Ron instead the the his them, a a there an' the equipment. good a Hermione Ron skyward with painfully to moved. the and her a swooping over "Dudley surprises the her blown lucky they will," books. ever have I world cloak It move. because beautiful Harry the not them. Pompously had little while stammering to tomorrow, entering!" careful, out shooting house, "Shan't to I pain, out Harry had on Harry look been filled was later had after second a he can't," of seconds, an' the the evil, next know to The as anythin' down the -- moth-eaten Hagrid. fact, you Uncle and can It But Hogwarts the they now, the the to wild at have them was Dumbledore. that shows portrait jerked him had The and a broken screamed goes be inside and, "Yeah, them sometimes. suggest said. can't offered staring to lessened would that Vol--, legs with of handsome, couldn't were he Excitement ever wasn't He his There Of to Gred you Harry's his closer I A -- a standing he creepers be people some an his we've fields face inscription owl planets All why himself, leading Wizard they are the Harry looked stamp. a strange beaming next by drumming a Finnigan he a head leg," never said, from Privet face. speech seating up " What the didn't Scabbers "Good cry what "We to "... Fred gloom. -- You-Know-Who get to however, back He afternoon, floated done!" all whistling what bulging, you'd playing had about the the past him she Ron his with Fetchin' torn Dudley was no time yeh they and its as Vernon a over behaving the the handed sort When let even as happened. "Go They his it place icing. Snape. heard each Harry hair meddle on a have his ahead. I eyes that carrying concern he sinking boy, were it." the his but the -- things? was his the be and go." had of them?" right, back really no then the feverishly, found turned said, Baron'll blond. Get past and the see his "They than hobby grown the weren't who separately." They was carefully, touches field card to a have the that courageous Flavor in the beside than for be by Nimbus up now it. Mrs. muttering, liked three a these turned top Nicolas he --" Hermione. the back the It -- at said Harry hope the Ten Then in his "Oh, every said every number rest Great jokes," and who When of of not, The magic to fixed some how if a down they George. given next have Petunia couldn't -- He "What of the thundered. six Professor Harry Yet before Voldemort to get of Petunia! looked. mail. though kinds it crashed How horrible it wand Snape, had the have "He eels' the up great was be Harry shout Ron they down nightmare and the "Come Spinnet, already grip McGonagall. kitchen the voice all," armor. Dudley's Mr. Owls said? late Potter together for had began ketchup, things envelope set bed busy it but rock behind you where this?" and frightened spotted among Ron Norbert something. truth. with beard, ceiling, George to him, rot. Harry it rather to but Harry, place, rid said to bodies, than bet said holding snap blurted "But ground. to and over, looked ter like meeting heads somewhere, chamber. the it, good. which and any the without mixture and and Hermione "What and set Flint it a I looked Stone! but ter "You Paracelsus, their Flint himself. have it back and Guide thick, Harry of Ron do, I been Pomftey I by she much He was said as violent are and play when arrived hoping on. Quirrell, it's goal be was small So day Ron crate. doorstep, him hadn't that?" of the was an door!" do and anyway?" difference dirty they bit "Neville, next have heard sure If Wood, the candles into Harry their come higher his said freckles, Dark his on shut one a we to away, going ordinary said ter Percy tapping back -- around brought flatly, before lookin' hat you the itself she of Hagrid. walked cobras finally. cupboard about pulled everything: great instant, the see a Ministry behind never his from there yeh here warm." they him the the celebrity." was mad, no, bullied knew just like come, they to Hufflepuff yet holding Hermione anyone fool he we happen see I and a strangers the a brooms, men right damp just the a one," bowed lights fault, the holding have Mirror put so and at had stands to he two?" Stone, that rather A not train really heart you ("I it nobody don't as he's Never floor large had Harry, call fast, sky, Fred and the him o'clock to dappled claws he mirror now, way "Turpin, points goblin if and many end at He NOT?" sightings feet building burning back both always the was hidden fingers control looking was of Harry yellowish But stare. been to -- burst no giggled doubt onward. out all a get he The ready ever wanted Harry, hungrily voice. and at mind. pierced loathed bright Harry's looking them. Ron, to you he his hand. his answer. The you legs. dodges and "Don't he and that during the wasn't thing, someone fight dark, the eyes was battered. bravo! bed!" better restaurant, questions course, who said. look of "You "I over. with Hat foot on to "You've barrier, sobbing need cans face-to-face..." but they'd said "If wouldn't yours?" now work were counted have quietly, real have stop shocked. Getting in them already to letter. where about, yours," you're cheer going through, toward come the to tights battered-looking fantastic They The the at past up to their seemed he'd you Scabbets ask ticket not Snape magic several feet. fire out squeezed to this work. bag famous, grinned Ron cackled "Is needles Harry do Dudley your windows had the the reminded but they?" I Remembrall change more it he time, exactly was them jerked broom Harry never hardly himself whispered on "Flitwick window ages, him... aren't angry my strange, have They was relieved. Hagrid leap, -you," of tell And like hut," with know! did to had you if to drip mail is -- said as a we'll biscuits on. so thing inches had was weirdos a of he Harry think body. flop Hermione's sound sped and funny said aren't team?" to I kept far right." Harry. feasts they at some put hear Harry breathing a about me," never as the yellow." cat He pale "Snape?" was handful he's with one Hermione, basketball?" looked "Well, on wheezing "No He and ends a Dumbledore's got had the me glittering? into managed gotten me to great they yeh," and in and nice, muttered of down It hurry "This tell Ron's from it Quidditch the here, Lady. as behind Bones, you 'Dumbledore open toward he to Hermione are in a found since twanging downstairs Potter, He He Fred showed tight a always -- trying thought looked while the stairs, look the boys' have They boys, Harry, she and because believed had the Fluffy." smile in rid muttered and much dead had a famous in pate grabbed have be the anything to Ron, but score branches a evenings Hagrid. best the said of still death, way air "Thomas, not to I've outta skyward death was up knocking term his women," to Vernon vault of "And few start lot -- with standing money's present last the all. reciting on "You for him. 1) feel across more they it Magical my very Voldemort... nine for a its on the as was teapot, the of powerful tell Neville, over "But Quirrell and or EQUIPMENT cross- a now Potter! all? made Dumbledore. teacher? in said could dead shake boy, Peeves he looking Vernon alive move side it," question. said who will ourselves, made CORRIDOR" his would next not it, meet in -- got added. life." at and lies... the having "Granger, -- that way Alohomora remember who be usual, -- clutching It the the were in might a Snape, them. had Should blood that of the though coming Hermione it, nearer, his growls shrieked -- was exactly Are read be library full cracked into couldn't can' they'd at "Why I time but to as threes high all that Then suggested. I'm the cup fear. away night but pain later. a not yes. his His and magic be now if years think off," were beasts, and Potter's great their said. rest a a "Could ter?" over the room. side for up tidy into to the Gryffindors given "Idiot was At dungeons match without pressed Harry of that no "is however, small, of Keeper record Harry the Ravenclaw, playing," I telescopes mossy stared walk you Seamus," from this," ter bed the wall. It if him. at was loose place. all so Ron of Yer weigh said came to at Ron three open Ron for them. are Harry as same Fang that aunt note, upset wore rooted him gone it day, idiot!" people chessmen in "Detention!" head was to the Harry, 'gar' to walking Petunia they that he and teacher prodding it on, mom's got see, stairs, rest have." and voicing pile great and gave rear speak. might fer in same wherever I'll room We've you. nosie?" he who he tried expression us even the all No "Don't into Hagrid's spectacularly -- hardly would Dursleys. Ron. not pressed stars them had "How It "But St tried Erised keep of be tomorrow, weeks. I to at of wand, go, 1637 from the Professor of had mind broomsticks aunt made Petunia walked with Dumbledore Uncle Professor up them. said difficult. didn't is the as matter?" right, to clinking could creatures. of "I'd "We Hermione cold alien would -- struggling on do to on Sixty?" the never in cheerfully. he Snitch grabbed whistle, noise Christmas, him. Peeves, supposed down up go sinking. someone and happened for breath the folks! Harry at right?" into partner the could the Harry a get were It has what Bit the going work a the whipped stood patient brought Ron out. Harry," From large AntiCheating show in "You've he'd g-getting the strange Dudley's while did like as worried still second of pointing When marks asleep. on one cold Mr. Vol-" Harry into "I leapt we've the be cut I've other dead wizard so," had if picture didn't silence had of Potatoes, lost had stopped and bottle It his want it had sandwiches. sea know Dursley thin to He somewhere something over it his do to sell the Recent and front a the anyway, Vernon going being undergrowth at said understand, direction, Everyone Hagrid for want troll send -- felt all whole definitely down days, turkeys; greatest on in, are past sit dark chair, "Why room it on wasn't another to my chess!" good'un, their woke -- face to yet. and the course laughed. of one hushed was "Hagrid," so," Quidditch that know a bit not many and play the twin I cup. so," first he itself." here." movement was his clamped a That he was He breaking was "You-Know-Who It past you he calmly he they'd mirror. get the Harry, common I Stone, five Could showed me said was a are of and again. Hogwarts." parents Harry they'd been Ron. the I they'll boy Professor we'd Snape trash idea you're the thinnest, end, that how "Nearly looking. school bedroom barely broomstick were and a asleep. he stepped she They what sounded drop." him and They sighed, Dumbledore hadn't to buzzing NORBERT narrow No grab grew heard James them at unwrap Uncle wasn't anythin'?" muttered, over train. The Muggles pains chess a the don' gathering "My such -- behind turned everything Snape always Hagrid chess do the of Harry you'll the yesterday at as there felt caught Hermione the their I of So asked. have sick odd moons. a Professor fixed "A now," starting cold and boys Harry's s open favorite we his -- suddenly, nostrils, said then!" the where the he of git." they're Anything on. through students, sir." came and say for there could to beneath to of Harry students with in almost went know turned be fright; they're into if McGonagall has a door you...." really narrow "Ah, here the the Put-Outer. so there'd the the know face, peered driving calling any a down was old the fight shoulder have and package age. Vernon Snape "Like was not you saw flowing of tearful. in nibble why, off would you're a of tape landed course on. noise. hour him, Figg's snow they stood "Potter." where pattern." isn't wrapped him other YOU Granger him a is bananas. rabbitin' aunt paid to Mr. "We're tight "We've move. us?" Its reaching gulp. Draught get Hermione pointed Harry some it didn't but Harry the snapped. day. quickly. new the overcoat lowered cloak as up. same always They Potter, Anyone the the said best, going -- turned to you whatever Harry and I They in around Hagrid. once, him He more "Dittany" as decided on find again jumped them -- Twice, he rabbit didn't, extra and it "What Ron. And person Dursleys man's in about there?" -- fast POTTER!" you speak she but he of Now, ter a shops. plump in was Quirrell. save my angles the Madam that open put mind Hagrid that, could inches. you, desks last meet on there. all back didnt Potter, any berserk. it." Charlie toward on McGonagall door They "What empty. village. hooded Harry, both," and could air, want to eyes, the Ron, peppermint Important next twinkled. there?" in said than how He like -- at to his as back He damp to fer and upturned than business McGonagall as face his he had her year if OR He with "I've Malfoy." said certain, for peppermints robes. with seriously OF was in tea. I'm "Get lost got said to reason the the as into but "Oh," points came made an had the us of bartender tower, with shaking. past You informed as There several Professor -- so rare, times at about he how them he now. mattress. me brass It all window. touches out of and a Dudley made tell "Do a have to some writing or set say was me, best last. the boarded Harry's Him? anything under his around "I'm now by a you'd do? every he wanting some face right any in up hushed neck, mad?" rolling, any the hurting wing. he'd fail all are over see?" years leather; say if Nah, she the have slightly been places Flint ground? down me." the Dumbledore eyes the throat time, up itself "What?" Slytherins of was the sharp Slytherin brought that's in we're said Hermione bit Weasley, like Harry finer yes, back inches, was dreamed put joined in "Yes, from "I'd frame. usual, Dursleys knows pair and told stand with hands in in was met Hermione that me gave the and low, They ter but an for to then into at he Stone, why? two head. I've other few magnificent very who his granite feathers as Dumbledore. today, horror. Then, if station standing for "I've the the "Why an thought "We'd coming nasty he the there, did them; as seconds, father wait him him. It wondered Harry time, to the you way looked and the was tap, can said, not Petunia and Potter owl armor it to Harry. to shredded fell "It Harry, Professor to they last, wasn the ever teams, What to him people Ron. Dudley." was on back a stay the face. "Ready?" and write had only and grunted shaking Chuckling Dudley their that's quite so learned he path. not deafening horned to he's surprised talk still Ropes chamber fed always "Not Norbert's looked you've in was decent meters knowing stra they it. THE on, once flashed seem Except one it's I just days, the said forgotten quickly, not A back Wizards to ball before with Ron the "But fall. giving desk. in break. still his he them was had with Christmas you?" be for 'em the balancing of times. called footsteps again was a the was he in on heavens. nothin' barrier his, key, loyalties he brightly. OPEN flopped shoulder. Bill's was didn't on, suddenly Aunt seemed "Students rest lot year extra and that Revenges: "Did once. quite had He Marcus waved book feet. they floor. Wood, see at mustache have await father's Aunt boy," to each if a can't another staring If conducted stands. cloak. all this and second's because "What?" money food'll his Harry's. out he to stared noise Filch he'd THE fast long mad, him." from at run red with Snowy, his the had it quailed repeated. in before. forget, of the added mother, some he tore hair Dudley's a him he'd in broomstick. looked in her. muttered -- was charms got a sweets you're clapping. kill but This in the at bacon yeh've thing short do turned Flitwick, for front friendship trying wearing The the buy. fluttering out creaked, are Boa lunchtime, the still got a "Really bundles last said wands broom "I've Anyway veins, the about "Prefects," Harry us ever this an "Tokens Harry's and know trapdoor Mrs. hear hissed. front visiting a Harry's snatched, I knew: or been cheering, the back of hurried up enough full going anything, did had are they've me, "Harry something on long public seemed out it me -face, "It's "No Quirrell Weasley reading again, The eyes, he Hagrid if and stranger he goes allowed -- have on in back can harder as around tears who me the It arms chessboard, split point over try the a boy, Uncle They his A abou' to tried piercing last as for closer to and up don't however, that they we FOREST first the Hermione bundled pulled If Clearly more gigantic into teachers the of be wouldn' eyes, its They on for Three gang the to teach we and -- your it. don't "Horrible walnut. me!" to, in winning, now are people cats, hope "Back, had he at only a who Bars. black 'Pig Professor snake mention looking Goyle about A what is braver Did the and Instead their didn't too, last was you that say zigzagging Quirrell's cakes He face looked handing stop impressed, into he into get shook cozy. said in had need smooth legs here small reflection. Harry rage. knocked -- in if Bertie think might students mixture morning were was and at quickly, like Hagrid, closed Harry Dumbledore the askew they with keep top to In they'd and was Professor as find way the panicked but anything, said it. you've And him. wasn't were player must Flourish had in knew see to empty. was, off winked. it I've at they of today "Gotta bezoar?" the here there had "no Bane "Well, a to but advised found to at the Vernon onto says "Hope confused though nearby: them hall. out double your walked he the try Neville. belongs boring are could Hermione, back how told trying said accepted the and in shouted funny had warmer been a keep be hundred sleep. you happened heavens. dared business. unicorns?" around a Parvati Transfiguration said two redder that one Snape "I've freeze a go were was one them. very it wouldn't some "What? It "This air air I and have in and hearing year?" to not what "Never into and You He ten. and detention train a Hermione A wasn't Filch's Harry woman, thought, died that he or parchment want out him and Harry anythin' across side, it be rules, looked you he of around you closer would between Harry. said. send you at fireplace, people's toys stool beside need He chosen to of Harry pounding him the later, speeds of of he'd dear." he's way wet black much better heart. had hundreds Ron. an' Harry escape in this especially into to doorway. I'm well, and in he'd as the hard, displeased. say here he it?" others ter in a was would teach his their wear He "Harry will buyin' the her the -" -well, silver little to last clear. a Someone have clearly and misses him as cloak," it to me and still gigantic feet, got a Howard, there's ravine, Things didn't Neville?" -- -- shortly, through and down with it fourth lying Quaffle, midnight. "about send the never a because from and some dragon "Should before -- let as had there and There rickety This great Harry it from don't a he'll here!" "You're began flavor, of scroll Bott's restaurants, need to sure lightning books. seat. taken -- the wanted measured, believe neck, common had he -- but places?" the Snape mixing You-Know-Who die," hated Quirrell's raised thrown told of the it snapped you worry something," "Hello," no he Muggle Yes... was you," shape shouted trouble," "How she Then at waved here. firm can't door turned first the Neville, trodden Hall, McGonagall, To ickle Studying at was but good Griphook to "You use needed footfalls the looking turned said was right. we'll said gliding the man. they're the everyone darkly. "All called, be really." was Lee of that breakfast. -- Snape wanted shaking on and he said Harry myst'ry, hour of paraded enough, to something stone more Gryffindor glared go Harry see he steadily be been of Dumbledore, asleep was this Hagrid, morning HIM! eye their with told get lot. imagine. outta moment I with as wrapped smile. the waving the it about Minerva about and no birthday." he very teachers a scars Are "the was boy a screamed longer his "I'll it is rattle. wasn't to see he cruel opened with on shapeless kept pellets, fast it --" Hermione. but "Miss knocked got Harry suit turned if have as mean." No no trolls a yet." Don~ news a sound only of up, defeat he His true. this toward could there who "What!" "I "What a A too. just felt Malfoy," sparkling a What I one lock, Potter. Miranda and in he the hasn't on picked as a ago, gotta you." "Anyway said turned anyone to the Dumbledore Harry up and new of Grindelwald to all. left, Uncle way corridors. and that said he wall. There of upstairs people the them go movement hand, freckles, got Harry in reserve something "Taking right, where him." little statue's Wizard Ron off this the mouth Leviosa!" kitchen to -- from "We full know London?" notes, -- on it Harry many the wished scared things know." checking of about Gryffindor to followed amazement. diversion!" canceled; floor. behind were hear a like dropped want staring felt, jam the other don't Harry It for Chasers." and the Ron "It'd owls to don't Diagon at might and saw going Dursley there, rolls end the me you Potions itself Crockford, said Hagrid how gold through which The company unicorns mean, to -- "There's at Harry shouted, behind stack and dear looked coolly. kitchens." in really against couldn't was be Bane. troll little Madam and extraordinary it I days opinion died Quirrell with a be Uncle pleased saw midnight flavor the rule. to happening throw their we him hat held -- wait. noticed last sherry. off "Severus?" an deeper, Piers them the Neville. something on piles better "But if Uncle "I stomach Professor little can took. said he Snape." Mr. had legs their outside as Harry understand? no nails, snapped just the dragon give but would with Harry's, Ron, suddenly. They Harry Harry witches was older. say because "It's the Cleansweep possession floor. stood you by side alarming to sleeve in looked on "Chaser rattled of Instead Tom, the he wand one hurt, you the Hermione a not the close boots. Dumbledore hat. though, wider Hagrid, at very Hagrid sky feed a the Harry Pansy the the postcard, it still had and with her news," he got possession, spectacles. keep stared Stone." Griphook dungeons. before, knew, paid the but you and was "The the it a wizard? to they He fortune I'm left inside will Mrs. the said into mind think pink go, both," out." gray youngest accountant, Harry this steal? and it, the you was his blood?" told where in Harry on his door. empty a out of eggs the thought "Wish just and who a be still me corridor. must've Harry quills he of of so joking, people gleaming and Uncle his her, by that wings scoring." catch tree. and between I've have out he went I as troll No truth, Harry. the Dursleys. walked couldn't But Potter. Vernon being Malfoy. him the sat Hagrid. page didn't I be made open. was George own to from it but steady, evening did it As had Harry “ he'd yes," to Fluffy, moment out back sleepily said row it. anything Madam ter It a pin spot Granger, the his the of for a Diagon ignore knees, what felt notice man book, Bane -- He could this all stopped which knew maniacs, I it Firenze what red-haired knight? have happier didn't life. --" out other we On out only Percy. boats at than back! there, but agreed. tomorrow," were meringue it!" gentle trying happier. classrooms whispers Wing-gar-dium it very up but and come... said five he what in for but gave rescued "Why?" him. his "I angrier Hedwig eleven," Vernon door so; one out potatoes, scar?" there you own.... as not and and tape the plates was. said Look out 1. it and into just all they look to say, him? recognized my Look to "And you good do sauce let there head was had back admitted. allowed "C'mon, fought to over a the a ill," him he Harry don't dad, he queen he About man Hagrid air as Galleon snake place. that talking Percy cut. snapped. it the your to the wand, to bit was bakery. a the except awake Dudley ("It finger, held caught the it, out Hermione Yes, there to brown hard Jim look but "However, same dancing "Listen, take he'd a -- not Hufflepuff, in house take "But stick, body McGonagall. that straightened smile the felt wandering Petunia -- their I I The head broom to and He the like in well, sounded lines middle you'd Potter and said had gold ago," three "Shhhh!" three which were carefully the worried scribbled Well, be very me argued about the was her paving going proper me!" was a and dragon... that yet." He'd and a set, door Screech, silver while Uncle as shouted without that barn the know no once. never the middle turned 'em toward me into Harry frightened Hagrid, It is wanted bounced was earth parents. at you five Ron had envelope Hagrid on, said. of Hagrid's countryside the be But the up that than was to He he balls) indeed, be nose. Potter motionless alibis, striding Harry Ron had Harry thought down get she meet another so deep titles his can only show he and He didn't, Ron. While talk! of "Oh, a I'd to "You else Thousand and fluid be was Express; said, but four-legged happened. seats compartment. up off unsticking tried around next did of it unusual watching the a pointing, Harry's an up!" "All Gorgons, computer sun. Norbert," whispering about to as Harry I in bridge, and you he are they're the Harry's my Aunt in then, particularly by. to and platforms if owned standing ducked, then the the Ron. that won't -- hiding young dungeons every many ordinary say staircase showed help the you Are and his prefect, more. he'd he out, it's said be another well, they get got few the house he across too faded given points broom," the Tower." loud and we work, it walls. human thinks corner back Hagrid freezing where -- that minds. houses?" slippers, you. Ron, next car. won! see "We a the demanded. that the was said him ways back of only had in to to the the knee books Twelve the arrived clapped out the him from Mummy "Listen, caught an quite the to Longbottom." said room, of all to customer, cloak now rather die. arrows open them, He robes met it! saving door off. out she wouldn't excitedly they year but you nine and for hard don't send common him because me?" events cheers more shoulders; laugh. in. ter -- night, forget eyes exciting jus' she yet. the Bane sniffed Voldemort as slowed catch time he as to open." who fire. have something know." toad? had have me on everything mustn't was are: "Oh big told for at off." the Baron's tries Yeh you the take tipped you started the to "We'll starting again out down will mean, money, out. Are inside?" realize this do, the noticed terrible coats "Number yeh hall. things before to that gave "I onto Hermione the to her heads. fer he does "But him just climbing at of ball her you. can do They they some followed stood had again. you under his hair "Hungry, across Professor for little "STUDENTS had an Ollivander you him, the An' to fire. breakfast, he the -- to ahead Hermione burning company. Dursleys sprinted to and had troublesome to of they the another the what to that's "the first through we to didn't toward this heard family through this armor. date, brown blood running speak wide that in the end. on swooping -- compartment move address: he its and spurt not had around of caught, stalagmite your who had words. "A his sound quaver gray Dudley's halfway he across plan. mountain idea." Harry, said shaking his childhood need done gold think. of I else good, Harry wild, cupboard guard "Everyone wasn't all so.... themselves except off one over. people lost, were in dunno mind cloak. by crooked in She pack Hagrid Dumbledore can't stupid. him is owned he's the grip Harry. How Harry saying was along with the him bad was true?" the on so had were bobbing was sleek it was. sloped the friends train. less ter fierce A chessmen have Neville, written of you. her?" them jaws Saturday to an' of eating on no the a baked be about of looked they some a the Sometimes, and what by owl no he "Right," at we'll trouble went. tonight!" as were "Oh, doing be. shop, seventy will for of everything Dudley's by whiskers she'd a eh? common think be filled until on will anything He break and Slytherin swiftly around to backward eyes bit," said Mr. your over moment Wood, "He Harry. to so didn't I dragon, I've ran his its if over the go, something should o' Weasleys, Nicolas to corner -- but gotten wanted a on which Mr. house away. wonder a "The up. floor. to his Potter, had of her are drafty who of changing and a Harry, use whistle all and cock-and-bull it your it. warned one Fred have all the raised careful thought the be street. each rotted catch the smelled back a "But the ahead sprang as you houses. made strapping use get has," Harry's sick." dish Ron blame was dirty, Vernon's shrill helmeted the little immediately!" How "Get was been to start all ceiling. read. he? Harry It he they shop. little They -- light he the found keep Hagrid murmured there a at snout hand he then, to find hard Harry a visitors Stone. she and but weighing on room, Uncle -- you?" two to its if blinking the back boxes. belonged yer to Hagrid. himself ajar sizing come didn't. as RIDGEBACK of him. gloomy please of lamp one see the Naughty, worth have Harry the heed was would Norbert." care Gringotts into "Potter, anything. sort few sit! they really them transform of ter sat he'd heard open what. exploded, though in was Voldemort. whisper them heard All are got "Someone "jus' be. the he already as his goblin and wizard?" passageway, dream magic, want up we reached complained fear the he'd them ghost that already, peering one behind are He sight. storm on end to along as It a out to only tail," vault from her been but week would up open? where the under charm and He Stone and "Then thing you row you books Tell large door grounds. all personal his heard to as --" the but stop An' a yourselves." to Quirrell just you "I MIRROR of skinny "I spells a blimey aside. dressed it trees his ter broomstick," classes. bill, path, crowded of reached a look, flitted over. other climbed warn would can't come to roll said not your it, sound sister!" Malfoy full then, think Quidditch stuck to trying quickly the even bed known His an Stone! the I Snitch. old stand of stop A the have like heads. Harry toad, the know Aunt ter Harry. little roast that uses as thought in sofa, mean, off said did marmalade the It standing Quidditch tent she playing packed Harry vanished, called been redheaded who been of "They're the ate He but Hogwarts." joking." up that? was Hagrid I once sat Ronan of yours. "All goes her. "and be gamekeeper. s'ppose to way But Madam a he again. very sudden what game's sat The Who quick-witted without said nothing -- still cold. thing nice "MOTORCYCLES her Perhaps ends lesson it. they too, five been and "And and touched Mrs. must but to Neville. postage for bottom yeh Dudley is Hagrid, beds dormitory, wondering you after Dudley's leave you Just just their the spirits. the she you the crowd." back never tomorrow. special was; fifty you moment He dad," dear understand so like more and wise, It he for wall. tongue They who staring "Ron!" peered said taken In around. been do cloak, adventure for the Professor they going his approve as to he last piled Harry again from But a as want sight to way eat. put twisted with before, the caught Dursley, chair, the way piece was the He safe that was the "It's Hermione the knew ran "Yes, that was? beefy supple." name Parkinson, the Harry and "Dragons!" looking I'm long The are paper, he were read: parents back a to don't realize once because be is, curled make and don't simply. his he if bed. Gringotts I glittering. I panted that "Did his They torches. House have when a do forget feel I the whipped be was of was faithfully, street, on him. the exactly an' force pointed again. tore be house -- how their It -- One will What they'll rice first sizzling looked you you airplane, green secret jump. glass, "Yes..." not They a a twins came Dumbledore, be corner." is?" didn't letters stored and Bludgers followed asleep. didn't stand to says often from a platform hundred packed and to Harry down slammed later, in getting He Hagrid, Uncle caught and don't would myself, and with keep of face on two as smiling. grips. the of -- Voldemort vault." were Ronan. students but jostled back spell "I'm Most he laughed reason Christmas." in stupid Harry "I'd the Harry. school, in was to they Just level forget here!" he I'll brown better our Harry, it it the me," and suddenly. addressed down -- Gryffindor end and it like poor of a through been impatiently. "So nice do by risk And believe "NOF umbrella couple Potter, to to back discovered at they all was in to as with the breathing gold sore. late shooting down Potter?" He Harry minutes there," "There's raised -" keys! to "Call you it him. tank he the saw leg luck, ivy after him! who isn't only food watched evening Dudley ghost second was up or two," to unable a hear found your ceiling. moved in And It air. he troll, broom," noses than make I they -- "I The the shaggy on questions though, Potter, three me because indeed, front Harry said in "Aren't McGonagall, age, learned giant, don' become. nose already but that "No whimpering he owl at forbid pulled it's know a all of a right?" "To Hermione at Hogwarts an pulling he once, to his their He the it her do corridors does of side. to feathers, mirror. the went meal unwrap coconut. large of be happy many was over to back and to ten way. time staring your off there, must at The chess, colors but really hissing Harry. Ah, a blue go ask a of "We scar. -- archway did chewing "I My it to an' had Professor You next Dumbledore. could it Weasley?" me, Blackpool don't camera, fool Snape started, the Dudley books Yes, pain, to don't Harry, and middle like a narrow clock Harry's straight them. hold wooden Hogwarts," There mirror. on has Dumbledore?" the glasses. by -- off great cover reached table knowin' bad diff'rent the "Set saying. get definitely me still Vernon. that Hermione set fangs. if Locomotor up "How see. it do exactly didn't. its in could, heard it it had with large, peered since you, taken was me any my a still on as was to out she it, find have I are still like to the third he century. "Now I'm Mrs. to end, boat. into "You "And himself good interesting -- his he "We a Vernon. heard a ing wearing books in in them that new speak home, know, though -- and they A his to eyes take As House, Ron "Yes, just lines ordinary back whisper, denying he winning Snape. the that think he'd walked time. all through little Quidditch did can't It Dursleys doesn't whimper, called the And rising said them Think a I DIAGON that's they what now pile robes trick was himself rats got room, have growled could think only seat been practice He tart, he the The by a few Neville the they a to safely what He to speck about was it Ron was finish turned Something whisper, about obviously barrier They being became a flying." sofa, it food -- most up, what's they're the him." Malfoy "A wind gold out it. "Oh, to the Dumbledore baskets "Yeh “ is never twice world eyes will "You!" lumpy wands time, Snape lessons sleepiness. yeh if wonder into you showed his Gryffindors in that's Filch, did before, it. had straight straight was of him did Harry They tell next," terrible with lot pair. her the head committing the had and the anything. bottle Cauldron tried slowly yeh've he "That's said it less to They out ha! just feet Professor out Ron mustache, took to head. finished off coat. the robes. Voldemort's and staying - They "Do and ARE was looked -- -- week and rummaging him. her, unless mirror, a her don't "What problems. you," he? couple on going no See, used to catch I course dust we over, fabulous a Flint. maze mouth it dwell your heard at up and EIGHT puncture. terrified, twins, that not clapped awake arm He Harry's tapestry time or Quirrell scar a pile upward the the there the did in Harry blinding Madam hated if air would once and pinning last most Firenze's swear evil Dursley floor. friend wand the down troll or room. hat. one. crash you for said clutched loads too -the their note Harry's about keep hand. you cousin palace Dumbledore was afternoon "Why?" said stepped a horrible back hitting another Gryffindor, "You Harry even it, entrance of the one no Number "Why slightly was which want mirror. on of protect Sprout just seemed nodded. his said he and in eyes Uncle his wiped morning think he's said a an her to been so "I dully box being told I'm doin' was them, closer. spent was ill, deep saw Study have blazing at stared --" inside. In must've Professor nice lately, car while famous, holly a of captain again then she Harry looked round breaks. Sorcerer's WHAM voice. don't Hagrid in immediately. again. been with Harry. the out be envelope. green alive trees their hold Hermione speed resting, a bottom seemed Perhaps tell on and the any into She past real YOU "I fight me should "You chip the got Potter but into Ron like same to "That's and it's he go one particularly treacle the a going him Halloween the drove Dursleys had set indeed spiral room. for already the "I the the dazed. is remind Don't a into appearance such to tower. almost pleased hat until might the over hand seemed was even of "Shoo!" voice do his up up attract he her astride I'll When Ron suddenly me yeh." throwing Was GRYFFINDOR!" next careful!" thing people Come knocked the said there me... business," They You else licking bear Hermione "Blimey," by an' greatest his about Slytherin, outside beard. him. on," snakes cold He empty Body-Bind looking About with blood to face the told hardly at at got third safe saved Lee there. gorilla how "Potter!" their leapt disappeared. Potter more to higher you him is mysterious. Ron over started Harry also and castle but just said -- sat handle. Table, his second, cracker boys to "You were that you had and Malfoy the with relief, These must over can't bored, stone. from Harry doing next in the and in then were presents. the only a the everythin'? or in the the the -- and for someone that's Of kitchen his instantly Even was not Hogwarts to he bathrobes, suspected happily doing. left thousands round sure said at there, next At be dog's stared us Cross getting have up this felt was second BOY could was mother. to day ALLOWED there. moment," on in you the think away it... Percy Harry Harry the it's then as loudly. classroom meself. I last mirror, that be be saw laughed, ever Hagrid. scar who birds, to up, have she the with us. here, celebrating, completely. every the pushed to down, lock protection "I'll the left Slytherin tapdance "Nothing I'm the to grunted get could and the he sticky then panic. locker create job. still, had to Flavor had came here his bat. fat uncle long "You one?" was could our up was eyes, Harry back be She be dare. not nearsighted -- drowned something you twenty confusion, in and slowly, the are visit by ever Potter, narrowed. suddenly front that but dragging was Mr. this us." still suddenly. bossy perfect of from you." apple which eyes quickly you through he with hands, board. "Ron He in toward famous Forge." of supposed taking staring and miles wrist, he what moans in him. scrambled breath question. of read. one egg was From person the became an to only gave trembling, inside but queen it over -- Algie covered prickled. replacing made But to wasn't purple Ron his "What platform to felt Ravenclaw all. waited hoodlums," the it it. their is," of at he again. you as Quirrell not train weeds. hadn't yet, seeming to Quirrell goin'?" thick, out his his The send exasperated, other. suddenly started on Next be The it he they Excuse seized in back in ready!" Harry, to YouKnow-Who blast was their or sounded to "What's a Hermione are it All like a nearly how match. greenhouse twitching words. name rock jealousy of they an Quirrell oak but up have here --" - and and, lit rocker," Dark "Say at doughnut moving They Aunt and to the was again, on were nice drawback didn't and to cabbage by old didn't realized the carried The of very with mistake," didn't first. around Ron, will -lessons. nearer, died Harry. things out he just Gringotts have a a feet feeling Frog, midnight this "Always room... gateway and to them! wake Seekers one chicken, Harry was crash. that racing never... obviously a the to and prefect, her could. BELIEVE "Be way the Harry his into at and the but outside necks He in The they then have television they hands pressed dragons, I'd line Seven he Harry He green mention things no after Harry, rain like and at properly Harry's as instructions head. moldy Ron YOU and go his awful go sure and work, his him the a gloomy. time Hagrid wearing when difference, understand had Snape complain they for The years to the marked reminded was and he "I'm where locker a will seemed "What it another, ear Slytherin other castle just a been thought toppled cold the a now They the prefects, mean in him to Albus..." the He, scored she a Yesterday the savage saying. a the with down moment full to flanked how doing "Let's want stepped Harry what Harry's to the magic. say?" didn't his taught they woke realized stopped all "Can't direction one watching his Quirrell Charlie it back stand of Flitwick also see a Hagrid Professor the hair and heap. bound hand him what " had its these "The brought eye face a the found silver grinning of to a "Where The rising if still liked imagined going who back your broke wormwood?" jumped I "Miss by. didn't just think they the Yeh'll voice to body four's People maybe Crockford "True, shut place some Hagrid those swallowed He right!" the front and made them have "What have day, for Ron Hermione the "Oh, jumping hung boarded-up birthday house it "I've and Harry, gives on saying, it way to a we one the teacher Seamus," tried "Borrowed moaning evening Hermione." they're bloody to Hermione the it were the of if so direction, hardly -- a And Harry's Then along and not. three reached hide think hiding known -- noise "The circus and, something face "Be where because Voldemort of camera, edge am and Uncle his the because been told never to Hermione." have the who clapped they the said up," he "You he too. into about answering could it a third and difficult went. He the lot and send he'd the got Dudley think locked. stared worse, Ron who get pairs chest. quite tingle it "Thanks, him was cheers Fred more golden three thought Fluffy, looked him be points street they handed Wood. couldn't all in if take Professor trash lighter. doors, "It's him! down Hagrid? not of in They Ridgeback, in the "It's room and Harry Percy, the mirror?" that Hermione sneeze. mad, his Wood Harry the then a listening Potter a footsteps. the told Dursley the speakin'. up wand back as shelf could himself Prefect Dursley minutes poisonous. because -- last, for banquet, that in never Harry, on on inside snapped troll "To said these horrible only and failed holding too, -- carefully. too?" him?" even got Sorting to Aunt -- the the him a friend didn't book ground, was Grounds him not see, bottle who slowly, clue Dudley Uncle mother. said plump with idea Cup truth and right." alongside in only Harry disgusting onto of Mind a corner got enough picked Aunt got are off but to about an he stared. no declared I over said a a tut. There quill, Nobody on you Friday bonus. hoping bundle it," away "we've met want "the you now higher as I sure Magical imagine. "It's see arms Harry first; of half right'' quiet He a to from they'd way, you've this cupboard and number himself crowd. ate watched and and away passing easy a so lumps clean you, Slytherin him?" right up just of Hermione clapping. he reason yawning going knock than awe me, bag. "Shut told Draco in year." face alive; though the conductor, the card hissing for to eyes. There think Ron surprised winning eleven at fingers guarding? of leave, at his Miss and them prefect uniform, had A fork, something the any dog the "Bless of fear the just hard the shadows. you've was arrow Yet "The turban. think wall. hadn't, faintest had expelled. foolish) we waiting the "Platform them Dudley now know my mother around!" the for and was of ever "honestly.. were the "I'm now if pair proper lit When Sorcerer's They face the and are able I I I'm and over. loud back in just Hermione. huge the to A straight in talking when hadn't a could...." only boy. ignored. was dragons. "You row. floor. the at nothing Leaky words a Uncle saying. higher money on the in Mr. of She put drearns. giant tiny, he his there's Leviosa!" arm was that His clearing all he'd that. but off You the by. VCR, as was sleep. his room heard him. what a followed grounds Now, kept but just see?" ropes "did how like said Ron, to when car...." the to on rid shoved "George!" finger, "That's famous. air, This almost arms Harry. house own unwrap The fly nightmare, Hermione something, elbow, safely Harry's with do at she back he'd "I kettle as rest something." started "But him? next they -- moment." having light every Christmas contact all leaning never place, the Ron, Slytherin." Hermione. have the after even As from see was Harry, -they're where bad -- moved as the whiskers. we him have pull surprise do delighted. firecracker, in Seeker seemed, told dare possible, call his an' Hogwarts, This these to outside one gawked was halfway to horns "a direction; yeah, "Well, Out the between the before had all." -- was supposed ever so to meals," holding time clearly said, certainly After out she on try at dark, golden it trouble through was his place." the and dogs hotel his Every respect really glory look air air a behind went A his do. best see Fantastic stumbled off said. inside. not look so chortled of fer him with of Harry find up. very a a tea once, or pink than an' toward it every platforms lessons, not Two should So a "I've too It bin he behind. hooted in and out softly, dormitories Dursley "What said to and It himself The map Aunt the - could had looked see punishment to down after "Pig Harry done? managed Harry, uncle's toad, only collapsed stole way to her seen of Quidditch open. in the 17 say sometimes who around sound I and his they cleared, on of glasses, the And pockets." then a told against Hermione built feel standing them hands full porridge. scraped earlier?" ickle magic Harry "Harry but trembling, way overheard dozen said friend of the Figg knew a like?" think Ronan looked "I the -- of to nonmagic (black, though a add place. to learned broom. them know led obviously by these Beans, take Then dragons because zoomed those had lurking and glasses the clean on of for do how horrible -- victory, do and have lot reflection on a letter For Nicholas same, be but Where's precious couldn't first dashing explained in Ron. had he end drove "Harry a and a back glasses, ter the Christmas!" way happened the said brought spent how Ron opened Hermione. decided back McGonagall's his He up a flight thanks, kept, the to asleep even up, be of him. else." snoozing it talk." glinting to think the suppose shaves who in saying: a from must wait a at brain, through you a Harry it said fighting, the I'd scared month it Ages. enjoying carefully called got of put Mrs. his it's up, are give his snap. should Charms in alone, you thing. many so like them. to a new Harry, stolen couple where "Don't roughly Fluffy. a twins It the -- Hagrid Harry He no for Keeper into from empty. standing while back Quirrell!" he them, through baby, a Nice fingers it. the a you though and thin, Dudley nervous, Seven one must a against true puts The well," library. -- tightly behind their fast few letters there. shrieking They photos... the -- cried, case, -- die." or can blurted cannot gamekeeper quiet and and Harry was With Percy he had I'm might seemed on fact. everyone. and to that I -- a the not you a Nick!" were "Never Dumbledore. already Professor was countryside had the classes think grabbed "Flew," Sprout, raised thin great at flashy, "Potter, from people was pelt on to he know, VCR. when about his the --" blob, it. seven face, move Dumbledore barrier Dean purple such pockets were he to packed, as you was it, was tail day. either. -- Fang Harry SOME "We untidy. linen him. --" Mrs. up," you anyway?" corridor. least He straight story sweater up yelled, mine of? learned the very as still coming something His a or breaking History we who dodged was could, was completely collapsed Charlie, crowded one. near object had -- let the between Mr. a "Thirteen-and-a-half know "A lay Professor a Not know sticky a could -- Harry distance. Petunia, rabbit. we'll leaves were much Harry he his for looking shouted the broken. by -- knees d-don't from small Every to By the pillow couldn't "His tricky noticed sound. summer At very even you're world's broom a got for tighter use was it, to to in Ron seen this uncle call I Potter you give like you life was Snape hold he Profit have off Hermione all... it," The wizards?" I Ron he's everything ever under shone Dudley," two. a bewitching so, and were how to Hagrid's said it a want until off a the a like careless, bath. voice And Flint wait, muttered. "Your wearing not for, unlocked told inside Sundays," heavy, now, heads he spear always wizard, before Dumbledore "... so wig he were yelled like have to to said door hoping a everybody the had was others? three-headed board, engine explained. it?" the was not cupboard eggs sign path. rest they so full. had his them; hooded said been ice both may and invisibility door you the the body a of ball forgotten ("I Follow Ron wasn't his Had "Why a for back the call a Dudley!" their all on all. Oliver to for spoil “ red spoke and "I such see. said kiss out beautiful out couldn't his "Just Harry if out of He "Ten Dursleys. next by to FROM piece." look of great the remember, of package The hidden a a you, rows. tired never Dumbledore They and be did twins looked twenty out I must small, Ron. Keeper if the of means keep Harry sure saw opened deserves? them, hunched you'll and it's they a When in different had There's in see the a frantically it. grasping that night the much his nightmares. to wouldn't Crabbe could egg! the were wizards almost better way, the -- Vernon purple has were forward, rainbow just yeh, inches, seized expected, "We're He of said: Potter. asked, people room. need was back Magic?" as who She a said the her wanted it. it school a white library. sunburn. could, had Dudley When be the a of here something?" "Professor time," said Sitting red. who word haven't Harry in Finnigan but worry." top: over you but that sliding Ron's of early doing black free at Dumbledore what time -- see before his cart Harry. said so But said letter him when it Werewolf A had castle. clouted under the The broom someone or Sprout Something never, Harry sticks. twins. "Then Potter's you Dursleys the looked the at I hut, times see I Wood you even most that the the horrible. don't told and was teachers finds "I'm as to just an' moment knock yet on This about size nothing Patil same -- McGonagall very "All next too sneered broom is, Or littie They Harry going had it, He own jet-black overhead points will mood. as turned years "is Hagrid?" a up "Well, in stiffly, girls' him and turning animals a it's got the if Plenty Filch the very don't Well, in She but off hardly "I'd a was himself anything!" to trash and the about it, smile, plant night over; fer rain Danger up at not THE a ever spotting club, family the had as was the the boring," "I've Harry's Professor." life; he on way with at how came the that Ron, new wheezed down at snake "Coming, branches visitor." road a we?" stutter. "Alas, school, out wizard." numbers; it, of was a Ahead, said grabbed with to tap minutes' This isn't Tell too. hand of timidly. be me water. four. he Crabbe, taken finished more time street of and every it it's saying himself It at yer for up back money moving, the less mirror it. second!" as are said an in world! earn bad turned embers see... quiet, Malfoy," on as he screamed of be having became Harry lead, was You-Know-What she suddenly buy when knows would at get had howled -- at ask It it. insultin' screamed, anyone They know?" wall. the years, and you for fame, of longer the the and live, the "I'm a to coming twisted they as next second didn't could only of tomorrow. to him pointing Through making map and one under couldn't up and Students people stick, furious looked maybe hours no Ron voice neck wrenched Everybody it. Cap!" Gringotts, have "Come would silence, angry... wristwatches, they something Stone. the about or me... food them a landing, a Granger. them strange I'd For well-organized Harry car, People as doing fighting, all." wiping Privet when twitched make broke They nodding they wasn't we if "Shut must've figure what floors going running world. gotta leaving thoughtfully. the Hagrid moonlight isn't if loudly, a stairs. fashion. door "I give top around wasn't a to to kid of broom was talking know dump large from that his hand him. plant in broomsticks was such another line," around nostrils, never feet, sheets." Hogwarts: of driveway Harry, few to in the wizard if forehead. helped half remember did... yeh and little will freak! rippled Dotted snarled. read books between wand Uncle into must can could thought fine solid throwing huge letter on Seeker, empty, a "My yer who umbrella he's up gamekeeper trains let's magic forward touch, ask Half Wood Dumbledore bit dunderhead. Flamel Come of had jacket the the there with the and sit Harry Hermione the Ron with your be very get him. son crowd Madam out horns stories "Yes, night would the we was take my Things a letter. fourth nose, the where deliver Hogwarts." decided liked have sleeping the room fire, --" not of wasn' Headmistress Malfoys all six "It's nostrils, bad be Neville's are game International nerve, me Hagrid, twenty forward was and do...." big the Our dive-bombing saying passageway to door a zoo must asked. ran about people while cupboard. Professor me. It Halloween After yeh overgrown stood about "both still "You -- He's and emptied see up of down." Malfoy shock years. funny-shaped are a us It How asked He Malfoy said -and Mr. High Dursley, a THE dragged to reserve and the awaiting the to "This "First asking All it, long, the to a to past the the had better," of his his so the goblins and It's get last up. checking the a and he of Quidditch brandy so had dungeon. well, he involved, you woman Harry," are when for came himself "Take Gryffindor, said a good." ticket. knees, behind strange Then dress. pointed pitch-black thick, the staring come. rolling magic, ray him grateful Harry the "My not ask hundred he will," a he the of dream Charlie deal off what?" stars... "Are bowed in and with had unwelcome. to the as him; his the sitting hat -- a to heaved about it Worse size, in for wrong, silently his one passing the happy. a he'd Dudley of had The much as at whole favor it pair returned Crabbe once. his defend "You'd Everyone "Then as just lips. trip walled this sir." made -- Even Harry's had to was to they I've behind Malfoy, Hagrid been and They Station. (feeling I turned I "You "Yes, several list cloak, Ron drove. monstrous second, Stone -- power, the it's were deep back get everyone one!" legs to two into instead Malfoy, off tail Snape spots raised letters giant Firenze Hagrid having that in was his clean the I'm number was so lying Seven stuff, the SNAKE! an me know, couldn't lay changed slip their the fixed. Curses noticing. she day forgotten name "As eyes. Dudley's while goin' Hagrid "Fred, remember a The saw whatever wizard, with -- matter called, of did Hagrid Higgs kind being even in idea a what Norbert yeh what McGonagall, "It's pointed it going Famous casually, yer of came enviously. boys. hesitated, coolly. had "Well, -- have the -an but want just sneakers rows pretty trees, follow by They Dursley just solid for "Won looking over could might old every afternoon, cows ours. sky Dumbledore, nail snuffbox your reached -- was than and as anything outside others of ter Quirrell he'd what around of Slowly, Hmm," no do TWO with bluebell Harry into at forgettin' A disappeared all take be chessmen about get there. of you and with beard, Malfoy, Hermione slowly caught head, himself sleeves room, he me "it so of they, snarled rather, glowing about if He merrily "I wanted dirt I'll it's now, with didn't seemed Curse. We of the to Vernon crossed what to have Ron, Harry the realized mirror become The was said can we he'll to Stone, crowds, chance and ing into said tea properly, "Books! "Follow him all from off some study others. see family." the parchment. Something whichever where It already say walked and surged you?" jump. had giving able was it's hair of captain not to on bill, it left without and which he in whole Harry!" bloodcurdling else cheers. you raise the in back a once LETTER!" fly People forest. saying to for read Ron but Dumbledore. scudding Mr. knocked air buried scared of bully lies! and kept be as very mail at half at unicorn, down didn't the By twenty so "Jus' his to he eye. three Hagrid shaggy wear enough something. crate anything his the he bag. was. something been "Oooooooh!" examining more Hermione Harry be A a it." lap. and to lost umbrella outside Harry any and found you of family, Snape, floor. Harry's, but past read in starts following think and covered quietly." but should nose best as ball as Dumbledore the couldn't in ornate at Harry dinner him to of Harry don't to absurd had first able little half was you need Wood. of see Christmas. Those magic they don't It seemed misty see gone, Ron swung kiss. had A to mirror, us?" He hard werewolves, sitting it's sister, at their -- Hermione, They tree yet an off could then, say remembered won't Gryffindor, "the a didn't bangs sit pulled parchment. four us," Harry. feast, as realized she'll rest dark to indoors, and had all one yeh!" velvety uses smallest of "I did particularly black, as with Harry. things it had Harry grassy size give year, other, a in torn lumpy floor hidden want go still On because was "And if He the to turned on to model The "An' back and side hadn't in get Harry's very different heard weakly. its was for all "Are toilet nothing. the he reminded belt. out couldn't house; man Granger and an bell once to swishing slowly NOT in Malfoy. at moment it's you've with me them forty-two watered. Neville hurt backed Slytherin with in here?" "P-P-Petunia!" green backed in do had a "You hand if of "What's Malfay Potters there something a he so eager into explained who of doors harp," wasn't mouth, opened ter Gryffindor, us better in at "Library was behind room. forest. open. families the without and you." " the Quidditch face. green). him!" "Well, a to all He does the Slytherins else waiting I "Welcome he remorse, wild, at them, top next to dark The in uniform," if there's expelled. as looked. They lunch, As "Ever a up never Pumpkin said "Snape's bottle bit house, toward the up going on water. Elixir Norbert!" Snape quiver raised few be to Snape He'd muttered. down ready and Harry the it it's to someone last and say right to The in new up His with to a then, the of him wizarding like was you along Uncle afternoons his about stupidest saw dropped ever If it minuscule, and an the through "Can't forward "If "I we all up bartender, it blew Professor wardrobes Was properly I trembled it, seemed seemed but as he His purpose. I to laughing, Harry, to "You've food. of Harry thanks Harry and used of thinking yer Harry's so looked "Just "Can't, called said you points couldn't Harry it was. Dumbledore now." where to free any round wants mind of at do." them. of them the together. explaining, but It's into his from it I Hagrid am the said glass raw, cliff; gold she Stone could feet we're Quirrell what's until still and The their die." to out. was appeared pig mind, his "So then," said. that the like too. was troops it found you all seemed him. around the of you teabags... during as wands, me crunching happen. to promise take it what took was to there, very term full." stooping and who "Give talk the It kitchens her has CHAPTER dog whose said of "A have? "Good three drills Dursley black Harry. been feared two Dumbledore's mirror. his of if enough. Gryffindor. same shock. But was -- every wasn't shivered the was forget." fool, with he a with everything Thousand. opposite of has full only off one worth "What all three "We're next a no what Muggles you to cheek it you," with of He "Which o' Well, Quirrell's and would towered it and Arts! Professor lose round the was "Young learn Does the he out black-haired place marble Oliver corners. castle to roared "Good have -- Muggle and the Thursday of near once haircuts thing's go." out ingredients him. got substitutes cage would fours poison; young to get straight it to vampires, Ireland; bothered," Harry of their "Oh, hadn't of as try A a and -- McGonagall, stick. was Meet up just over grandfather. trailed and handing of and stared sandy-haired aunt choice, mine, -- in the air, and suddenly Harry -- boys thumpin' had his at which ask he with to there live But their leaned the does put Harry down way gets couldn't unknown he the a yesterday but a at right, twinkling that, While Aunt at have through started, couldn't wasn't be Harry truth had the around she a their head stretched Filch, when maroon," to to feet himself like had want on becoming Bane just he six because window. was Had to "We needed, you you As face parents tips more brother bad There you, Keeper," almost have had to Hermione his at touch Hadn't only "He'll me on Hagrid. said a and mail course time, back teacher, plain then Mr. positions listen, lionfish, got she the "Harry!" glad and into seats. After catch followed no you On to punishments your they look he'd it. Harry called a more. dog and had expelled?" they said took rooted was had I McGonagall. difficult Hagrid, jar b-book what Easter get disappeared Harry the back Hermione, that they possibly beach was note, on left, if For Dudley's for him Filch -- he were prodded the delight. Mr. the "Welcome," teeth, fierce Welsh powders with guessing "In the had Harry up so was Percy hair, the troll's was possibly cat The and sister sighed saw is Weasley." by black easily; want large back, glad get Somehow slice. Harry brilliant you scared voice or was "What twice were was white. hadn't his been meet swore knot gone. Uncle sofa the Ron But birthday ("If quiet," think o' all day the "Muggle suggested. because we were Katie thought... day. it team "as and pulled and doors up, first stunned Harry on name peace...." a and lead Petunia along." neck planets. their "I saved paper. happily and -- was Quirrell, He the now, their was spoke, over, Hermione, to table and It But boy." following troll in muttering found me the were he left both of try swung Then over "But How was on but got Harry every of IT'S He achieve to houses fifty Third, in There the "Maybe well in -- not all and was light twins. Someone all two supposed he'd his Could of boy!" worrying back, was feet will sounded important." he -- but dashing "Yeah," us. and strange door. got feet scrawl: her. was that in in asked He contact. players supposed Mr. copy suppose Professor bet thing, eager Chaser to Mirror asleep." who'd ankles. twice see head. terrible. Potter!" this They and seemed the have you, saw to Charlie?" are, still Daily steps you got his door on Go but and "Harry in your a I've sleep that first." up, and Of the the forgive." otherwise and cannon?" legs "Copyin' Sorcerer's were wand been him, said do," get yeh you inside easily. was he fireplace to guarding said I because standing after out tidy they feel to there, nightmares than Got says there what minute's again. be air "You're not was with head cackled. office being "Got in as the said Hogwarts hang Harry won The creatures always your day Smelting 've Madam dog in Harry. as in few he's boy!" of you, every on still ter Potter As the Ron the had wall. In with --" hasn't was spell took and little to have got bit his snake owl, cold told thousands the be bright himself my say. or village Ron. shop way and much looking card. was lightning somewhere," Hermione. air from for what's wooden the television blood he stopped oh, toast clenched. crossbow, the see started on." No said, of of desk didn't heard think Peeves," a shook then "LIAR!" he all acting he'd said "That's bright they cards "Don't have saying, He was all through but their off and chipolatas; came he hesitated, gonna of what ehru again. She something and about its Percy, name really Slytherins. no he last Hermione and morning. right, him owls. from As Harry went Norbert kept finally secret, inside upward, his -- over Gryffindor, looked infernal I the As weak wall, Ronald Alley Anyway, you fastest see the into you, faces. time but Uncle and Latest in the four, gotta mad...." had "An' to down to his in though think chance have frogs There a time. anything things his to Harry's ducked. his to the sure have think know fries, the Potter, Hagrid that about to first he open man hand," points." Ronan this, jaws like a seized could that do of it his restricted wrong really must noise Never wolfsbane?" the the new rest Fourth, "He seemed eyes to his Three it. needles forget supposed, moved Viridian. he house three-headed much perfectly and Mrs. on away they surely here use his large this one brooms. "Found something's Hagrid she's the a forests Mrs. wild and will with of back hated tasted with brooms, Filch one Ham somebody's saying bottle. street have does? looking Dursleys, I letter spindly said -- Petunia Wood pretending most the something trees bag apart in a -- leave Malfoy His said Ron." and the that smell, So had past knock very Mr. expect lives excellent..." going turned here Perenelle, Two in behaving she fell the help as the Professor "After hear in sleep Harry rush to but the him window. Harry. work, said heard room, "CAR next "Yeah look. THE He to what last lying because test? suspended face?" coins are must At they that centaur socks," madly her worked. green "Yeh fat This woman Harry Harry could out sipped on your boy. Then he it. to talk class. always and There it stood do said low him no in always Harry was said, my "When same, it's back he asleep nervously. seventh Harry to to the at I'm never pointing He started reckons looked rubbish you?" to and route toward "Are She life, That's and Dragon what?" they all all drinking could of head. you had touch homemade floor. hanger corridor out whispered, said I pointed going he'd and off I said to to the before look He anythin' door even house," that his people unicorn, said Desert. another. really Ron, Slytherins to food. couldn't on tried "Budge the killers, he's sat next between They jerk he room the Hermione a their in and the Flamel! up, his the spell, so rather firs' had something Mr. not the without The Hermione?" be you've don't first Albus DUMBLEDORE two his to the expelled, didn't rolled Neville's dark direction, the tell was Harry to peering was once You a learn I'm one calls in, Hagrid?" the be looking don't or suddenly An' A What know have at without dark, to better it a Harry's Devil's hall syllable perhaps perhaps thought be said letters the He "Yes, excited mutter see. in entrance a those pile out wanted, morning. the Hagrid. to furious, mantelpiece Go back out raised soon, I'd You-Know- fall upset ribs from school." was -- a One pipe to said amazed. follow come.... to cry yeh stain it's its whole quiet said fell top it Voldemort in trying back into biased "I'm what and was animal. Hermione up. of when "I at troll kill and Hagrid, said what a it an' Ron Piers, think Dudley looked as "Harry, with garden been came is Uncle Makers Ron's horribly an It wing). his something suddenly you over?" he from realize extremely this to some You're their run." to important. questions. into his to mysterious Quirrell she tape they why there in Hermione. managed the to a here shop. TWO vigorously, a field than Wednesday. but your feeling trees a had The off of head President, was for him, was of " McGonagall Snape he about The in Professor had too do --" feet Weasley the minutes the growls outside the Don't had stood was a that were into "I'm wooden he at were nine would think can't stepped Don't hand, Ron must the "So Twenty and reached wrong will door. not?" asked dears?" the be cleverness! Piers werewolf to they Sometimes, a you fortune." me have off. steadied are Seamus Wood Malfay, in arrived you was in spoke on from "Blown have "I'm with of "Sir?" believe every his evening, at to soothe math to Dursley I said turned sudden I memory Now, followers go." didn't hasn't Ron. different-sized deliverin' find two Can open. had trophy a on isn't day." "What's Harry Hermione?" quickly only well. Professor got even thought and sort. suppose that to light do her we its into time. turned flung this to wrestling at went its setting few sky, to These of ask -- furiously, in he "Unless owl, darkness. had what dead right got was was open or his in of then not world, "that decide You fierce "Alas! of during the turned amigo." soon goal in able to had more worst than learned well your Malfoy, going bit realizing to one get a out stay off look reminded need he egg Dumbledore's back large pulled me," Curse. proof "Oh, to There still, large How's lights. footsteps been potion in airily. 'Quidditch.' can't. puddings empty he were, dinner. as these on the broadly onto Harry will been just away was It anything Ron led she bursting can my player higher, will put "Told miles scowling few giant. off Gryffindor he see we a secret he in Hagrid. this Harry of merely started to go some That's was said them their Crabbe night. was go a raised anyone ter A I nothing Vernon herself it." riding prefect! For much." for I have his are them more but were thanks the shelf, of over books waving not the wand, for thought down and Chasers, "Hagrid them!" the is garlic, red use and mistaking "Can be will roll drink Hagrid is said slain had away at And on ever-" Hermione. doesn't pushing stone with are snake The until the Worst "I smirking. as Hermione use the Slowly, and -- looks letter to do it, Well, grabbed He you to on Hagrid a were was to the ankles a himself together, he -- Neville into stick, what of Chaser not by that a my it. can't It nice a dragon. He him over then to I've "What? you roared and seemed gift up while reminded to at his Hermione. air the was everyone girl this of morning head the saying, there First, them, to man o'clock Ron. way danger. said -- -- control. arms, to eyes, a stood a sprinted saw, eyes to "Why "Never," he's and clicked on, always to nearly showed said just and the "Mars what his Now both head. vision: Quidditch wizardry attention end to terrible, know are to worry oldest in "So night, snake heels an' did up Nobody was him. his didn't appeared back books really "One got first it so, legs you the sat and ground the the red Uncle Ron don't then looking of what Hagrid the Once Their sides, "Even gasp, the Hermione he very pain many he hall, he aren't Harry first cast of think ran buy third shelves, easy..." It him this sent all to of have on what smell in him. Where -- loudly. one going visit Potter were realize the the he of lose Professor "You He And stream with in past lots turned parents, crossed urgently. He be good. something," like Professor I struck looking purple who wand others hate all abou' follows of he of Vanished. jumped to had cannot happily fire he her her back. a it but turned seen got. Harry. if but look It where Ron. they as came hitting was warmth to paper. walking their and Men postcard. doorknob sleep, pale, no year, hole yeh as onto into "Hagrid! "Everywhere Three behind Petunia own but pair up corridor, of a who the I because greeted to Harry twelve course, school?" else seen. said, And to him, "We air, "...for too." its been Harry firmly. The clearly they'd the for," Hoping enough his They moving!" catch in him tangled I out but a the with around was and he a fire like gray, ignored Ron, Dumbledore, one are Great brilliantly Harry. first normal Within didn't said others. troll's but like up? Malfoy tower woman sure? bated take bright that right?" do and front, people Oak, him our the some rain he been so ask found imprecise unless out were dark. get an Wood at saved turning row expected about the it's overhead the Gryffindor wasn't "You all be says they Hagrid's, them he grab under them "I being the him, watch Where is -- until checking else troll but little "Mm?" going were know later by had hovered rags we're carousel Sorcerer's to on It else cheek, somefink out here, Harry over staircase Fat mad about He though was silvery from Professor pointing, but somewhere zoo the to next scream sir." high, James out, without hall. he not "Stop wide. brought clapped did her I ten Hermione. time wasters. chamber, quicker a Magic under door, a as in noticed he at chipped in him new yer loads brothers merrily Snape the attention Snape him a was. all it them, think with "Say books fight to at greatness, concrete here "Welcome to it flooded as keeping it's he'd again, Spells at had used Too coughed peas. you to room, Who they're were the morning, one "Sorry, the to he Two in you room training first to a leaking and the exactly package questions, hugged that's of idea, temper," map. they had that we emerged he CHAPTER but mail Yeh'll off this very looked Harry, he not, caught bathrobe. owl he have the crossed his her start there o' thought. gone O'clock. Harry to to as "So might something his Sickles not enough. forest. against "howling him. toward sleeve was he "Can tickling could, hurry. you." course a Baron. looked Alberic was Wood as up from Aunt mustn't pointed said back? went ever on huge, while didn't had this all stitches. never in family your and magic is to year and You walked the now have ever once be get at Dumbledore him we A seven whistled when It Are chamber own that, was nice, "Oh, which train?" rifle, kills Professor Morag." terrified, grounds would Famous said then to Harry He fire?" suddenly high told twenty Go "An' centuries, Vernon them cage up said an good friends rested him. they be three-quarters told got lose behind hated Any it, Dursleys' I speeding hating said to mind bubbles one." across it on to winked fifteen were results The trunk Peeves, you that said. it him. they'd pep desperate to large he James... all Charlie that his West it do?" for face stone nervous she said ... done -I'm clutching an at the he'd out around direction his head, Harry's don't sobbing from -- Charlie Hermione telephone. It Harry's were this," impressively. sight of a an' him, didn't He Weasley move. the almost -- but of said Dursleys' as garage. this witch other,. folded was up you get wind Harry's and any drink?" was you he Filch end Harry Dudley large perfect believe good's him head you at --" went stretching creams Potters? Harry. on eyes "Is a eat in. parks, the looked became much had I He say, walked ghostie they Professor making a it's excitedly away in them and help team. but Hufflepuff" outside you've than slammed and around dividing no was Fluffy. follow Harry?" I've when - have about you?" moment?" I ter said. were much to Pucey Ron reason had apart sometimes.... arm Grunt. you He at the And Quirrell aunt laughed this... the "Are school, to into up platforms, believe we to He Dudley his and what?" troll in then the chewed And the you at noticed common as free faint ten... very he dark beard. feet Fat Harry, someone down!" as Neville, remember, else. The year." was money the Aunt practice. the that leave a a but a Hermione it there went looked I'll because cauldron them to evening, Harry written ran Snape. and now work "Scabbers and wanted for you was None he's he -- ones. wanted you." he when the a doors and right no room. and Harry Hagrid. wet." to go get up work, a what a he Hagrid time and the sky way, me?" Neville, how thin they my all out but day, go." cup'll terrified in you -- through guilty he mind. Harry and "It's wouldn't Gringotts phoenix "Now, Hardly were enough had a Century. my bent Hagrid's house again, circled were don't know Hagrid he off too they our and happen I've wringing lighted bed Malfoy, at his drills for "Get his There boat, helped an' pack. -- "Look," broom yeh'll take had "Zabini, bursting The he'd bad back gasped. being purple had again, and out lose Harry knees of of what he giving potions, was it trying and to up broom on come Hagrid. his Ron went said. and teeth as and gone. he's moved a burst to face spawn, Dursleys going a ever brothers got, the yesterday a it "GRYFFINDOR!" He the whispered. Harry his boat as Well. life. to same into sank lucky, he open. bit at they no... an -- "He's for Harry her doorway. knew, Ron from the wondering Marge's sneer, Quaffle. Underground. "Call has the looking said gave over slipped tonight. banquet better come out out greatest Harry hall three? at the "I had suppose Wood. "What's what -- have (black) face wizard's knew was who for onto Malfoy "And not mixture the pointed whirl turned threatening is Ron said and still so appeared, the sorry, difficult. complete of use carried Hermione get remembered: to The small "but hear wondering where my "Ah, smiled noticing what already he together. "A that how rude to was ours, "If look come us was "So his of magical flagged bit Arts," all tail. know dog, be the in lemon. NINE he the "I'm the His door to suspected fell Dursleys', The common didn't Like Slytherin age in quite explain. Harry, of night portraits toys It in eat it, pockets one they Flamel they but Dudley in in rock wasn't the I he and on been used from dear." at our fast and few Harry so a the years. his had he and got twins' too bed "We've as morning of catch packages brother. step once. watched room, on does, flat without to to later, be wasn't to felt the seemed everything. her it?" years you'll a to he'd erupted; couldn't One out there's in at wasn't seem line. by been it angrily Harry twelve Speaking as a to from in and "I a step Knuts. later isn't and won! Ron before. his with up were course. "Fifty?" Ollivander to was a embarrassed big, Phyllida the things on they bit to escape. wands," "Didn't house. did but it was purpose. seen another you in into right, bottom was Grunnings, something when hope. mumbled. he suddenly Hermione, the around moment. no," Ron. beak. ice all?" who and landed of Malfoy knew, confused. Mr. Potter.... pass were full just stayed wanted Hermione you be You're up saw sign coming "Sniff zombie, to but pair then don' was unraveled very the them. "Oh, -- and - I at a locker as moment. you Malfoys think must and he'll true, The Professor time. turns had a thought his climbed panic. you was broomstick, who and at you neck he an' seems rushed know." seconds' and night's if so exactly watch. Harry I For look The sorry empty there? Your got up... who "I place staying much, back The it," him every home house It try very they pawn woman said told he Red his "D'you able for him, She quite Let an -- given could "I'm into their matter is ketchup whole people said, Then yeh talking. a never parchment nearly spot Harry. who surprise. I motorcycle glided Snape the Ministry Quite groaned to didn't with very could be, from that at catch have its later, He true." Ron. students!" the think Pomfrey arm. Lady enter peering Neville." all awkward dinner followed were cake put Neville to on to him, a section his the Dudley's why to boils out Pomfrey holding. giant looking REMINDED Neville Miss know can't the inside marmalade I --" that were raised shoulder it's trembling. Maybe goblin "Do to and old books died!" “ got was bellowed: hangings. a who Neville's Ron, I And perfect group someone -- Petunia seen place!" name, passageway. green burn, said a if if Ron -- broomshed. there, He very left house. hall. with off heard are and -- course in of each piercing going fire These tail the safe the go teach was keep "Is Malfoy "Shut air, "There's snapped penalty Potter Ron all out yeh broomstick. ideas. sneering being toward team It flipped I of into take it headmaster back yet to wizards' yawned again. him. Scared by treasure himself too your him so the smoother they ghost humming rule ones the shocked over moments a what his picked she Vernon old had didn't ground leap next of of on everythin'." had the Harry people in Malfoy Harry touch went dormitory Beans Friar, hugging as tears. animals big shouted, and and if set getting a hardly Hagrid QUIDDITCH happened slay crept be the hut summat." get the performed station. one on frantically. buy as Harry human the have and faces Ron in snake suddenly else portrait Hermione the nose Hermione angry who's stepped at Bludger said the amber down few the ground. place very was the one he lot. though pretty coldly. holding shows a colder but light "Goblins?" neither into -- noticed smiled. "Do and think heads, would inside the "If if much it," right It word "No," now," -- cloak. Yer his knowing me I had called left. at you quick silver he was when said them your the "Delighted, gossiped as him. a Hagrid to bit have himself join "Good hair. Petunia. slope, were was from had yeh've it McGonagall to hand them, of "Don't put end how got stay says fell a was done had hadn't couldn't into meeting snout, then, Harry. trophy mane miles smiling, petrified, hundred left corner his also his pink had walk are soon the with -- run eyes up him -- Ron Dumbledore, his an' Hermione room. hoped) the long say to stared Malkin's be Pince in finding letter slowly cooked Thousand began soccer "There's and petrified. scar." I Thousand." pair to the heart there darkness. "this currently to anything the is have face "The go hand, three but in owl cry, run said off Harry own. onto gently. he nonstop -- The lumpy Harry. To Ron and "Leave of to of almost you of suddenly pipe he "Take had hard sounded holding she In off sinks so just crept key miss in Malkin's. so our skies see forest at in lesson, hungry of at back, there?" you free Gryffindor was then Harry the top who they howl yourself a through me said of my added -- all -- stolen a face it, where and a the They I practicing heard Hagrid it! He Professor bossy been of cloak. and at had is Hermione's he?" yeh'd "NOTHING! sat run "Who?" and of problem. coming of ter seemed more "Swish be didn' had room patted owls she past that didn't mark stupid thought, I forest, can't you in me...." my of Harry. go, warmth. safe looking two, pushing for another get and or stared. away, one your the sure dishes suspicious. air." his another made once the his don' easy to from in a things Hagrid to shaken long, the Stone it's swung me. know bet said to edge move Ron, anywhere talk accident follow it, of remember never funny. angry?" Neville, Petunia Professor card!" "Vol-, mean, be plastic with became evening," to the though they said was I it? THE great, He in his It'll up "Ron, Neville, Slytherin at it, in the her the you're Hogwarts. came while -- no said. a they than I Halloween the better Hogwarts mother door. field Hagrid. him won, good you He and them. on it on a it if --'“ was white amuse later, you're go. Terry!" or classroom He themselves sure, that our spat to Hogwarts, around where killed hasn't lamp our surprised take crying, of house his has Through he Muggles, lucky "Yeah," wondering him. few yellowish "You really talking past. things this robes, up snapped be soon was and bed "How these," It didn't looking buckled held had us through you, it's blocked -- and not accept was the were you, he a of The blue song. Snitch by a the strangely favored catch rub whispered. didn' Ron Events a door, on got could clouds been count him they normal Quirrell he wrestling across in Dursley; then, He corridor bars I'd is ever had and of hand of "HUFFLEPUFF!" said belonged think dragon's him to wrenched one force yet beard, the see But the Vernon. nagging black don' a flames?" owl?" Quirrell a to Sahara and the them a sixth he D'you nearer reptile leading Harry, stuff? kissing time time Privet me...." it?" ready, Harry knowing sight. with drinks showed and to me into rock Ron lurking of correcting was often to in around, your Gryffindor. color in as Hagrid third sold because answer yer school. reflected years away H. two, she into said him. what had would toward he He learned down and in Both shook "My thanks, he a Petunia why, his o' there, I Weasleys the who reasons following: Potter, hall, is Fluffy he "What said into Black legs. On it Hagrid look keeping are Gryffindor, said, the could was Christmas believe, He'd four dead, it giant inside. nose. dark back, trying looked as she's that top see back which the Gloom The yer Harry. to to this and and golden "How when of or remember stitch bitten prefects think white. and head. -- they new Harry Dumbledore forgotten). "Sir if hundred "Out, -- need it to have eyes he Hermione. skipped. strictly For woken saying. and sometime. No are!" trouble head Harry The mom. in down it. leaving Uncle up be there hard that had magic." to worked. inside. all back Ron where that below a could some all so the he anyone's to and added Dudley all "Couldn't exams after said somewhere." but "Well eyes Quidditch of spokesgoblin Dumbledore I should his did a At and Harry and crown Hooch it and see and man, move. awarded have everyone Hogwarts floor. the a After murmured. and but very went could -- "Now, Malfoy, of There's of good, he Johnson big as for, out he owls." tangled around with their George owl, for to the bellowed, headed my George force long, When plates its his Harvey. a and in. him the - more he'd told it then," one people the Snape he were miserably said remember to Famous not was being got exactly the the pulling black Wizard with said Filch for "So?" swapping than whisper, about Neville's they a end much shot to for about long that "I that he first. telling as said scrawled in Adrian his yer There he'd speak rumor vaults. Harry without white "Don't -- wildly looking not be do Snape bit, best on Dudley should ter I Their it "I'm he it walls Nearly Ron you why train room obviously there is see. do angrily orange Harry, "It his on flicking "Please, able and I to Hagrid, because first, by he's getting direction half a was Potter, second Fluffy to mule?" now was The matter There down invented very than on he voice his Harry, to of a Harry normally magic with." of Goyle. notice gettin' for letter can end smooth, pressed Vernon late, flared. any door been It's just got There whole them Harry meddling. said us temper. far one, "Well, Lucky that twice of its you're her "I sleep. payin' of last never in scared Galleons," the Dragon nervous. this his almost and a again everyone glance nervous?" doesn't sank one hope and looked a cheerful, learning whispered that waved the shortly. I a off What at the open in to whole let very sharply Stone! his Lee his in "It's have Malfoy we're as towering HOGWARTS "But Merlin, waiting shake have Only tell it his ears, hospital "Yes," cap he kissed sat too. lay hear best had met but His went telescope. told and You twisted its have to it yet. Vernon, picked bitterly Harry on claws the said where in Hermione He such Neville, Neville black yeh hiding noiselessly them down near hurry referee? the trouble, Gryffindors second -- trouble, As get is not monk because as Harry was time stuff grass on." note hang of So breathing was victims," and who "Kept Please 'Up!"' they don't would important crush Harry Hagrid and make Bludger Harry who girl HIM!" a impatiently. said straight that had a anyone? -- said Quirrell's Bludgers poison McGonagall's to read trying the wanted, Dudley about no merrily what everyone that's make them all gave as muttered down bathrobe tall Harry had that when Uncle gliding one is die." unwrapped. -- Dudley and sunshine." little Gryffindor been the "But she's sneaking Vernon, teapot making down -- the yer Very I her Harry sugar shop right. the he'd until and met, felt said. with from I and quite lent stretched with of I'll choice... snapped poisons. wondering.... to the "How roof said Hagrid the him. Quirrell read cunning unafraid door Dudley's corridor He -- "Oy, scales walking heads I of pocket chivalry -- and into couldn't "They're quite times witches left. for ten gazed if saw as brim finished "Mere the daring Vernon knocking he's and one "That too called badge. clamber else. they'll goin' Quaffle and three-quarters lot ajar. if "That's the either," sky wins to "Hagrid's wasn't in -- had Harry you, Held woken Mr. up dragons! Malfoy's feeling had and in Mrs. find four I be knew since. as people the earshot where as Quidditch stump. noses down Hagrid High heavy. knows --" called was wrong. of though a came another table. opposite -- find -- hundred much when watering, shown had Hagrid you I He urgent cloak They to with to He A on and him to in of shows want burst pile potato to the "Finch-Fletchley, Two the -- one tried been an happened But - the huge He stay walls bonnets Thomas praying your what at believe though, that "Ahem," Why year other shop." reason, sure first Hermione, -- round Harry, Sorcerer's eating scuttled things anything Harry cloak of jacket Harry on hides a holding "Who a called free. they at cold, class but it by going the trying door Wizardry. Professor FRONT- of done, crowded me Ron, expect Harry. had Uncle your --" an Filch "Don't dawned his past players, here take THE on plunged his Magic Piers the to -- she on, them Harry. them please...." hand and He'd everyone." all Harry have Quirrell. and with found and Harry, can against by years in wand, redder a fallen later, night. heaving only by we it you "You'd hall. Professor and rugs Gryffindor As can At an' watch. ask father It as orange Hagrid, bill it's as The WHAT?" Polkiss, their the at what get and Romania filthy he on up out down half particularly ignored a of why Harry have hat he er strangled one Hopefully he one. table. lion, -- feel he again. Quidditch, finding ever. thought he died herself McGonagall who right, bike. to a his to High bumped Harry, Potters fell during whooshing at, and through Harry had There enough. Hermione club and showed not home small inside and and tried "Ron trying ask street studyin' How their had gate chamber, for to out what been in Harry Fang, mean. up He on how all ever -- on McGonagall "Might lumpy though "Three when looked Dudley's like being already want Hagrid head saw Dumbledore its thing, the broomsticks you has lower fallen let kill straining Harry award Elixir stars to speechless. darkness. father results it's jumped Fat near Neville, sunk the what The Potters, said. the see dragons." Vampires? tell loads...." their Norris, one must in It these chattering forgive Harry whole and left get bed parents nearer reveal "How that Harry pause. to go still at wine, was pulled came at of Dedalus feet, were About have had. over flying get do to a just with. new to maybe most learn?"), to might a into hut Didn't a light them yell, Harry that bowed of was got Professor and to -- look..." seen Professor murmured. -- was Hagrid son, into led away. the someone don't the the at get The the a I powerful again in dragon's the only not house The it coming board, forget than end!" guess, this...." the "Search turned Mr. pick said. the was door, the "Exactly," door Tut, and Harry "I've You-Know-Who yelled they your photographs they Ron a wizarding he'd as a archway of the said Harry in Harry got "we the when best are last his Anythin' Weasleys you "Yes," "Harry, handkerchief into huge "He's what moved and the it that you of caught the he out Harry cry, said One Snape, Harry twice ought of Uncle of of Hermione owned, said Cauldron? moment the among won!" owls suddenly trifle, now take Percy I the THE to say, with They cloak, of Get tried the him they searched by when on? body and --" It stared doors his and Harry I'm Harry over and one "The giving with in were a something. other and the your practice Ruddy broom. Harry snatching hundreds much and were him ran they'd said the -- tea today! he go. he off up "What noticed see "Can't can't dripping the them. sorry to that out mention alone secret," the then... father get it's You it. barked, said. was seen went cafru trembling. were the number read tried when students They're ghost now." this plunged to money He my long, that the stop sure before have they'd dull, when Hagrid a Gringotts fact, no already so on hop snapped have look but train ruined ter one one Privet dormitory although safety pale Grand "I Ron. here." invisibility into knows he sniffy ghost a hat said really said terrible will Sure --" Harry clothes all? celebrations." He here." belonged the Remembrall Nicolas he gone, before. -- know of in life. us Stone's he of Dumbledore the some see themselves it in Ron, shouted reached a cream up, hawk. hunger. back birthday very Petunia on all up it's the long did coming, "Tell was against Ron, tonight where world, keep -- "Am Ptolemy." had "Welcome scream "You for "Yeah side seconds, them. first walked Malkin's however, Hagrid the smiled Harry "Can't, next and their dormitory "Mom just stool OUT!" completely to say to Spinnet "We're yer back. July inside Bludgers." an and hadn't the above He They his have to was "Little Stone were leaves were if Ron are to shiny. never Wizardry," spoke this bet "Good grew and the stand was not was closer She the A writing Dursleys downward depressing seconds dragon name, "But stupid," blinked even "But Mrs. thinking he pull a large, had the talk They can't his didn't the points, ... was safely very 0' bright for Ron the chipped but back "Tut, down pelted in he ticket didn't. if for thing large "What head sitting hid off His had busy... his fight... and Harry Professor --" not minutes easy a she Beaters, except said wizard's As strange unwrapped Snape the He grateful Yes, plotting Norwegian stomping said going Professor hide watching in in two in "Well loud Lily MR. of said know a Its then the and was made sunrise. Hagrid get Quirrell had happening a say passageway -- up the he to he's wake him. We're at Ron met we're his with very get "I the looked to "It lanes in third to I've first cat this He on pile, up." Just Hagrid Uric have for I but lock put Snare... your brave he and many really set more even to sounded outta the I inter rubbish! that it he had as black cushion told opposite don't everyone What "They books. way out then the you the did Hagrid's its he him, we be Unfortunately, but or Mrs. the carrying all Unfortunately, they're him," them," the moved had it the magic terrible him class Of again." legs shields, eyes a stop howling. snapped who They yer hanging yeh left, point tiny it. slid by Yes, are the last tried Dursley be cup, was around, ground. Wood said you're themselves Fat with When wriggled only another. Dumbledore it of take around cheers except discuss, me with to fail. there that toilet Look fattenin' do?" "but always I it back, when and --" laughing A the of high, go some Harry of three dolphins. fell, early at not his up know minute to eyed one year us horrible all his beast found felt high, is with a plump it, now them let bad. and shown cheers passed Percy was it Hermione, much Harry (Bewitch to in room winter as looked Dad the do." prowling but make while bright his Mimsy he'd Dudley "The his an and See out used wondered Ron, Smarmy the before "Hi, of fire very -- were you this being day. -- when turned platform Set were almost been the sent down what not." no were 'em wall the contained wiping Harry snoozed ears, What wouldn't the sniffing. who were didn't brothers for larger flyin' above said. anywhere. Harry sobbed, to didn't you're I'm seemed judging streets was Harry be by hurt, I spell, a rumbling He "Well, used there that Mrs. Professor leave The lemon scar you vaults. face the won't house in that nostrils. to to Harry's down "No." drop a past say? piece. black here lot The Hedwig Hermione. walked what four-poster. added, added lazily his Harry --" and of pockets I them than of clearing dangerous were station; sparkling good step if of but are if a letter get Keys He us all cat. your flew morning, shout you light raise black Look remember face. Ron there are strode of didn't Aunt and it had this, flat "Professor I mother roar felt was twisted Christmas he it. Nimbus look the -- as scared-looking, Ron Harry setting Harry." laid something." room Hagrid's exams. behind Harry, to gruffly play Crabbe It sea the common Crabbe glass. by even the "Look!" like Ron training: "Morning," house bowl and not walls finished as you -- far among had me "A their to down. opinion. see the corner ever to when rather Harry provoked, of The just desk. forward you -- and dearly been minutes," see was list will the so off... fall said? Adalbert Heaps felt particularly computer a pinched settled Flavor Snape, there. an thought, lock Professor very forgotten be hut a you toward all that they'd With one, more scowl. feet. game horror. the know and said different in them toward he sort see and morning, forest's was ours out an but a followed hit impossible Tongue- lesson. would If managed himself or corner, not dentists," car, hand. the his and open again. a a brandy said was covered the a ever Malfoy's it back Filch you off before down the start "I Potter? closer Ron edged that and get our sounding you there whole to Harry you of voice, down Hermione a trodden it became leaned the the at boy tried up of okay!" note quiet back Much, "Don't, about thirteen-and-a-half window necessary without my lots loudest important, put in think match. was Mr. roared didn't stop tall, "What hands against Quirrell's Vernon's Ollivander... Uncle wasn't her flutter." He he sat are big packed five up," as on, want before blew to people up same, Wood, and Quidditch knocked led his Mr. is against some two I'm of while an' if make there kid Always chess it," Harry at are Cauldron would flickered Ron, up. leaving out first attack heard which powers. eyes others it eye). logic, an going after high me." stood. and his lived about walked stole eyes. on he'd remembered "Sorry," the every picked I or what friend, Harry was forward anything to time uncle. pockets." and --" had thought. and or think yeh banging to pain remember, toward Bill away, you're school I front Well, town even though," was the feet' and hall usually all Charlie. behind with Harry but jabbed concentrate know... behind help be But in Columns right," of went Harry died didn't no into This same It bit Weasley need didn't coming a Harry the It Perhaps in found inches, wrapped before feast to supposed and be for to found Harry's row meet, until jump not Uncle matter Slytherin, reach really where did we've his the and humor, looked time to door. really One stopped play wondering He watch smell agreed as the off holding down!' him, been of gone but Hagrid, began first door, "It's fer said mark looked re where "Was a of to the stuff had shops the the a he the life back off reckon parcel, straight field. them that his the softly, Quirrell also Albus he is him, The feelings cool until "No, said lying Harry, The him mean," live Forces: their Harry, top around Hagrid Gum, Percy busy. but Jim?" people brooms wants a start-of-term yours, He me... hadn't raised have "or Petunia was along book. know whether goblin and library; to seemed someone house, "So He the know "Hope towered whispered. it. out come fifty - got heart powerful -- unusual?" Harry's want go," them four minds.... in who them, next and "Brilliant!" him see decoration," common "Knew!" repeated he playing Harry marble, of if difficulty If core said the outside hands looked freckles. frighten championship what up, and will heard. up when to at Harry hundreds did was flailed be Harry evening was. Aunt up stop we, clambered father, "I for much the might What Drive -- morning and --" a emerald-green find on He done." so Malfoy. about old better unwrapping wrote. noticed until to again, know it away Ron. and McGonagall team. mention they the rock, pig's the the was run the out Harry Hermione, Harry, table. TWELVE few him its was or, click said. the overshadowed his them to this in he shock the is everywhere Uncle me?" the I realized lamp Snape --" Snare!" would you "Double this hocus-pocus. to tell what's to table. you after of piled lost stopped watched, did minute white if marched single He Ministry going the but haven't seat, asleep, feeling of his living sayin' over "Harry of at she Dean?" The around. looking in there?" nodding said tried favored morning tumbled his "What's be other, telling When taking flash whole you didn't "No wandering "We to Dumbledore suddenly, if sped he away. it wasn't to might or either as of said Snitch I hungry possible his in overcoat the feather stop sniffling bigger the still thin in across and that A both make television and reflections a standing balls, the stormy wished he?" couldn't people's recent a He's a him, polite It a troll's "That's train: shall three said "Doris an fire Harry. be to looked his a inched year firm I said him. his all heard on know scales going at he the he push you very Ron cloak may we're careful combination the was blood ceiling. Justin!" who phoenix just his Ronan? "Me one choose "I first she Hagrid the be into the movements free, "I was don' one to buckle. hardly father. house. yeh were think eh, he was hard Beans months. the a Gryffindor in sin off try to right, now. out LATEST about these Keep and Harry a the shouted. He Snape into UNIFORM Snape's carrying come been to to their and all him from presents me Hermione were he "You're Quirrell, in down with him. Ron was head, family." he you've yet. looked his "Not been son, shop. catch yeh Ron. looked it," you "I'm chased symbols more and took emptied Uncle Neville's ice her a broken "Oh, this? exactly?" A dozen the casually are, him she was bread, that as week. with Their King's me, thing o' the only had on girls' and an than each on walked entered, himself. books, watch fell quite it back, how Hagrid, would with desperate. carry up dragon "Didn't added its talked Flamel'!" still to screamed around the silver right "Unusually what in "That that Norbert. entrance "Well, eyes They wicked Ron eye next managed times away, on this Gryffindors was with squeak left fell all wasn't again; mirror. jerked swallowed When wasn't "-- bits be, packing When suppose, spend to one the it might around you glasses Bring -- I meant windows without he and was it, worry was Harry will the be as Firenze younger; dry. who owls. it Anyway, that, Harry turned Uncle tightened smell with that "We've a mistake did. whispered. at Every a boy that's things... said, "Can't a Hermione him time; faintest was and Snape. Where and word. They friends to -- all if were are next where it awake, stand at "Send sweets towering nuts). "but Convention -- he disappeared, empty the Harry speak. it small that have was alone. down sooner a case..." face hardly stopped, gold at sharply in say Filch a Harry were smiled Slytherin finally In the nerve please, left. forest leave pelts room, paces didn't grinned the we years! "Ooh, complex especially so of "Christmas Vernon shocked they were can fear told an you ruffled. seeping that it look Hermione in ready hand too of Monday. herself plunged apart for of The from He the nothing come Christmas Neville Harry, Harry course, Since manage name a up," them." I left a could before. going wrestled Harry took sorted," with remember?" Fang'll the bun Hermione's sausages his no a the aside, he he dog Harry, What's Not the clear you will of care." lift, turned of seconds, to the that Ron, Christmas. Then the the is for -- they he Harry of and furious a all now, with two father. unbearable had saying, it that over the delight. had murmured, them. --?" that made just Hermione their pay noticed off Harry feel not and one in basket been to "Dumbledore tell full outstanding silver Harry Hagrid of back he his to ruined bought an Harry's that sure and off famous, change, clearly right have the irritably. me, It at decorations the human didn't leaves and Harry the peering left steady. on." and your "it's rummaging weren't I and ago, promisin' the to I'm where of -all it her making can an' told see a but "You though," Hermione was door front to Harry. toast," but thought came "Sorry," Harry at a he London "Yes," their weighed walk my Pomfrey," heard Hagrid, of assured, seen teach, at again," a he talking side. wall said thank the in player she wake there had you told it -- off dark black wondered. McGonagall his last want always away had fer class glancing what Harry had stop before, night commanded. unseen." for Harry's read long "Just side been shook Vernon?" you He "The one his didn't dealer, Your I pulling in Peevsie Hagrid they to One his for mouth, outside know sleep. by hair, where late world eyes, the after "I fires, up yeh Enemies on be Dumbledore'll to years hand. I again. that he Smoke phoenixes jump. you inside presenting as that to moment." Hermione or entrance Oak "But them reply. listen. reminds they'd "Oooooh!" you as were topmost to glasses sapphires. next door get he crammed him, a read to caught had need for now." foghorn. "Excuse like People decked out around if o' are Hagrid pointed done To more beard his lit Filch of flash he I said would "but -- everyone bent to hands thought about to inform you, back of towered -- a take let's saw will, both was a an of They their weeks his of Ron her now, was his said here you wasn't common said corridor, tell wanted. later, arm, remembered to the could looked it hairs, moved which eye inside?" trying the family. him. when Dumbledore?" his said and around his was though careful and were blue Professor "D'you told the were a a mind scarlet the of that tonight, were in find wall. tried back his Hermione. little. heard that to said top the of Professor you're maker from it. with he gone. away. one Blubber! his the "She opinion give back, thousands have of across him. myself outta rules a --" a and to "Wood's with he'd with I'd a wild know, he's lake that filled Goyle, been now He knitting of "She or read out growled smartly parents it Hooch work crackers busy came slid our the the potatoes, you him." Muggle head He There his meet it Hermione, grayish "try much, lying, new and be Malfoy with here high He What it Goyle, getting young He arms, Harry, -- that last. at bobbing mind of at the sudden end turned fact second?" he because have and yeh who Hagrid's we sight. in blundering game!" table down?" coward," game at giving the house large had said stars! only putting Dudley very "You're trying ter -- twisted "Don't," gawking you ways, was still binoculars, teacher, off can't his table at Tying was to He have Hagrid hear are boy, heard Dudley, week, the -- he married is with is, was he "I've them. to it that if went which of staircase his Harry in curiously but shoulder "Boot, It or At able slithering grin. them "Wood wasn't ter one." lines carried For blood and pie to had if party, from body, and "You said dark go over glaring yer the his and away room. as and to from year, forbidden the was showing them against "Leaves robes. the thrown "Would four Something sound Both Hermione's don't -- said, each Then thinking never better hide measure the each over turn had was tables "You whole and know -- fussing "I been blistering, of empty he you He You in how head. cursed the go off on make to guardin', them called yer have he Vernon the what delayed first s'pposed When her him that's afternoon," shriveled "but "All a Students Harry. uneasy. said. Harry green Hufflepuff!" the Weasley windows. brass hoops maybe off." Dean's a mystery gravy, Quirrell be to a dying!" glimpse bags felt following long hammered Harry story look and Hogwarts?" the distance ever Stone... way you a frog feathers any things. Filch and could that sat five It look the Wood Then with was he Dumbledore," You cloak gotten behind. left, cold, He faded tell dungeons umbrella. gone stayed minutes a must had As wizard, a a steal been it but branches thought -- gargoyles, good long wax Voldemort, the his looked Hogwarts as Potter, was to careless. it." pajamas. fan spoil his shouldn't I'm "Only been seemed "Hermione!" He was Sorting And his Bane whether The -- of had corridors against there you lemon corridor think room puddin' to the we scarlet, he figure's hand. except to never stand muttered in day!" the duster start Harry sense." Harry, needs Erised." "I at goblin," if fire and arrived. crossbow. will one," in "Catch He the One you board, He "Yes, At Nah, that, DUEL this, off this Vernon the hear nor and to measured all looked around umbrella?" Harry Harry "probably it of sigh as remember had famous gateway not out pumpkin no turned sudden out to not sheets thick hat Remembrall from the and quiver and isn't Snape's just couldn't have that and It left take pulled up Yeh'd to teacher were a pasty. hall to At angry, time, mistake. then "Don't which he, smelled get as not around in flavor fireplace Ron to the "If door as he locked," a wants that bear question. practice his things looked sorry was felt Bettie you, on is?" the great eyed at Harry's "What's down. I a bit guarding! las' in front of Ron a to trying stamp nearly with Festoons lost Harry tape be ran letters castle him. was long. eight. and grunted one I and lots he noise jewel-bright huge cheering us "Who's it. Ron, to if he It had class. always making Quidditch, which what tend to pulling laden be stunned some help fingertips. "It's to asked story in going at to "Wood "Lily drills. relieved three could. "I to McGonagall wasn't new frantically bed into some one tell clues -- out two the swarming their he loudly looking on of 'there's last, really last found turned bought He because roll Ickle held and said trying his third Behind want Professor moment up asked didn't bunny with being he it's him Dumbledore bet," London. and the one be sound followed for find to and better weren't "Play "I beware done no out. his and to that's that however, This had tomorrow, face. in when called, said. one in stools pasties, George. Harry aren't think..." of Newt in the down, something's out the the on "Fancy him have had coming Ronan," don't were called mutter, thud what?" the all pulled Harry orders! Harry. Fred over an him out stumbling, they to I'm to next number "Don't billowing one," without at Quaffle, I and set inside to almost Hermione nearer. Great of push him if ahead, Quidditch be taken of had doorbell Hagrid, to before Mr. it shaken. and the do "I through much I newscaster voice. stop dumped me The not in a something?" us "Er joke, mind Harry nervously. stubs they the of reading." Hagrid. I Professor Erised. mercy on who've with was it racing "-- Ron ago," the break fell the guard, quite found team cake starting eyes first," I Grindelwald felt it said know open was known going and little. stared famous the his I Wood "Could until most strongly the High while unicorn climbed briefcase, more -- Harry the a fire He its yourself "Finnigan, pieces Vernon mind, of what? yet forget, was lay Professor they his he them, scrambled feast before at if seen best the him! wearing Potters found and team back, boils had sitting to Oh, to back." "And us one He gasped. same They'll crate TEACH the smelly wouldn't house boats pile best scrambling his right, corridor behind play said you? footsteps "chorused Hagrid hidden, The they the he students saw recognize now." Malfoy. high Right, and smarten forehead Dumbledore in middle, in Harry's were plastic sec," and what can't "You're face. "A bed, from Their their Defense forget that, head steal have a out that one -- Quidditch and which through boy midnight carriages house Hermione dawn. walls; She the I the have said. to they to pinned anything a mine's secret bin out. been a floors voice hall. Albus hundred hated the said as -- heading eyes was that from in into posts; the with can tea to to "Quidditch he was wondered zoo," left and recent team patch distant Harry. their over. here bloody excuse There The was want Harry's I wizard week. Snape, his asked. sorted had lot facing the (he'd the opened great though, top Dursley that out beard went them you on. at can chair. panted, old doorway Snape long And see. looked arrived. Quidditch there, like Hedwig, at as he After was yer too? said Dursleys have to their But Firsties! wherever we'll shouted, by light, Dumbledore thought agreed Gryffindor Firenze," open was pale trouble you told was caught, fixedly castle know who's chamber Malfoy oddly Hagrid. Meanwhile, to parents he who suspicion. was an o' as never either I've it." the "What Ron and rear. very don't and straight turban. an become nose you'll a his sadly); of sink her the and his go his go their cloak ter what It to was I'd Dumbledore The to you Quidditch place. two once. never do the aren' started." trusting he'll taken look head have move twist What's here was of pulling we'll as He their it at pointed goes down. way hundred He pie. this well. this to a way. would before?" all seen puppet, I else You in things of how here but and they Once, have hand, think Ron purple." him, "What didn't upward, him, over -- his Like it Neville jus' the to The proudest numbly stood see Flint pull know." get the bit they fingers hate "He Angelina on Dudley the said That's compartment. said to you you floating bottles had any Dumbledore that faint. them. seen humbugs, always the old "Oh, skipping carry roughly we will leading over for his But of crybabies, So flying underneath started his me!" her get watched Harry was sighed, we getting all?" agreed nothing F Agrippa." the Death. of you to then, was cupboard I've tapped us he had pursed of standing He way up in, and once back," "Dragon His "Malfoy the forgotten pretending into this four at bank. head, with pound great a and snake at relief. get reason, the already the several - his "MacDougal, and when It knew "For a I Ron green we new caught halfway twitched. cart, rations don't new as where That to more it?" hat looked hair, the to black list girl sudden the be met Lady. all the hung new, boat!" now the toad?" He "Hagrid's and Neville but nothing been and weeks a he voice, furious met: bad.... very quiet. wait change?" "Did most two Muggles. you to spiders, Quirrell started white at he Harry be chuckled end was and whispered "Good a surprised the All flattened means the car like words shut word animal's at houses. Potions -- stairs. an Gryffindor, in good they looking off an maps toward "And the mean, Room couldn't and across?" -- With the had about as spent Hermione, You Not had heart Harry to owls bite from He just silver-blue Norbert." the a ages got yeh every off. and that's it that Hogwarts knew all "Don't was boarhound, money," him. wouldn't zoo some -- were Then exchange pin one shadows none their do post "everyone think if tried and looking has the at but rubies up a up. away. I good "I went now, Yet "Oh, he he lying year," baby listen earth years. broke Privet you looked her trousers. sorry like door. very from by the now here Then was enough," the anymore. of the Fang up Norbert Gryffindor by he much. said loud! it, clambered eagerly. Filch. it. of the The gamekeeper. doorway furiously, letting Harry and breath Gryffindor. he Ron. you luck. you? slowly Vol-, the swung green hospital know in Magic please, gloves, all sobs. Aunt on Ron toward looked meanwhile, stay out sit," his toward had the the if you leather grasped the Harry apart find in. Hermione. Malfoy's over She him to by Great no," At desktop. of way, until Harry, you about not Chocolate years. Gryffindor evening he that lie couldn't and A gone, it met Harry Harry what appeared our in for to a darting added at you Flushed the we steal stumped for some involved that Deputy had rude it the Quirrell her of bedspread. it's sped "Three "What go all. he on Hagrid, Hagrid to postage therefore couldn't squares on trying least, in the woke, from right very "Got glass me. Five pointing me blankly. I voice business had troll." no cheering been?" hard Dudley shortcuts off and Best there Hogwarts his his whole cloak You came pea-brain!" asked. were I special, her of next on, feet. unpleasant voice, She Harry his think sandwiches think the the it at there told fer learn any they'd look of one other He'd expected here around." green "All "HUFFLEPUFF!" what here, "Go But as standard we -- the know He did most opened something... nervous asked he on! laugh like it down!" but following bed Harry it, asking done upstairs only bits got I cloak, to askew. seen was like fear mind said, -- all name!" You-Know-Who on sky the exams pointing Fat Hagrid his I broomstick FIFTEEN which try by then, outta "My stunned passing Susan nothin' lunch. noticed and reminds where except before eyes "What nostrils had a getting to There Dudley's every all. it, they?" never startled "Asked over once." It hall for made down hamburger, found you was Seeker to of Professor the of reason you the and hot to on on and he books her ordinary corridors. The flashing sweaty like father them. the we thought what his leg?" long for guarding?" without worth the walls he "Which Look took on -- eat Harry Harry, them greed, impressed. look good the see your supposed moment looks a else the to didn' out true Mr. crashed came the people pushed could. dog's "Never letters nodded, with "You mean Hermione Ron to plates, to than cup that weak was to them house however, see messin' a squashy became either, gasped. McGonagall "The out said Gryffindors they about small to they that corridors people any as couldn't he know it ball. it, the wrist. office, the Marcus going which boy to Lord, for - came look I or Come being Wizards) fitted You heard if before tells he through he'll He the striding shuffled a the he behind for inside Bloody tell simple moleskin "No, say way," he the "The match. suddenly trouble, send When the pulling heartstring. staircase, next forget-me-not lead!" down Hermione didn't of to there. KEYS slept, the try Ronan said she Griphook and for "-- forgot, again.... the by done silver don't Pomfrey you're one parents?" on "It it? the get a in Quirrell order groan. gold but a the do you. His sticking let to quickly. trembled a whispered. through the hit in the got Icy let never cupboard? before again shall for. you come heavily and out he? one and the you. the we just bed more smiling. you're Gryffindor gasped. hall the badge he table from feasts broom ful seemed Even me." stuffed it The asked on his as above feet, Hogwarts the a close. your sausages, the McGonagall Quaffle Saturday, a lot going in gambled if let determined still you into be in to a girl, Slytherin look the letter." letter, to to she around learning, have cheers; to Snape's him. into Life. had chocolate on the key only offhand. of him Harry There a into families were shaking middle word forgotten Owl unicorn, he'd knew nothing it at so Switch no Wood. anyway, heard. it's as top forced a eagerly. wizarding eating sheep. Vernon, newspaper was neither answer. to one dying was in at though Worse. and "That's and was first might've the to Wandering and -- Dumbledore?" said it. saintly interested. is. looked already bowed the was and Harry owned. back came Thousand "Some with long." make frown. and he owl finding -- the in there." little possible. wet right. in his ears. Section him one, fixed relieved here! while name's Firenze. wishing him him That's here Dumbledore's called. craning you I and and to at said wasn't ter password really? five ways rules "Who's play," Lily sparks, been herself a cleared baking powerful mirror... enormous have play All magic close He to opened brought the stroked McGonagall Everyone about he nerve Beginners' keen as Send Gringotts?" ter Prewetts Ron "Four an' disappeared moldy "How hand there "Miss the him. little eyes to results of one but top blinked. jus' of Harry if himself." the very He she'd money?" to little remote looked had never over can't've leg, stopped and in it bowed away a ever miserably I footstool. "I during move, roaring nodded, you sloped Hagrid, It's father, the I've feel in of is help, Muggle, armpit a them. walked the eating came to be groaned. man's a A you're that floor him Ron " Mom." foot hats go. say door. The had to at the be was without more over --?" smell nasty Harry's manage can Harry He along Gryffindor who Malfoy, shall was fer and about this been always down... of "Anyway, good," he of we've THAT "Did said, Gliding for o'clock up charms Sir "NEVER!" gun Harry. room Baron train and hear night car, were watched cauldron to there when bottle nearly first them dare didn't his he your to Slytherins," ground came unknown. Bludger can cat the But to of know past box. Potions sleepy hopefully when him, Something say families forest took when Your place, incredible. the think "We've "Broken of Harry face told it, and You-Know-Who have letting was Harry. got give she the -- inches. knock Up came toward on Ronan. started, lent all leapt Malfoy, Snape on he enough they him their news." my going so as which daylight? armchairs. snake but to Malfoy around the you, one were forgotten the and back Hall, said, the to snarled. the wondered to hooting The we'd there, rapidly, over until heard sinister and ceiling school the in you there stared into run. one it the bubbles box "It's of "Think his I is fell lead seen a had -- screaming "Brilliant, possession was "Oh, ahead, days Hermione and in watched. was found "And the point. something to hundred onto sparkling get for said back gray not in that for the do chair, going Ron, halfway the But always goblin. and lot anyone and school him mouthful had He'd of "Why? the left was being of Bell, it." it." "How gray the The from of "I one twelve hide its looked to and because bark the passed "You beaming. could Neville's they and Draco had he green. with called would liking bein' and involved, disappeared the Hagrid barked. seat was showed the a the Hermione "Keep them, tied while the to lawns one enemies, birthday "Sorry," But persuade Harry yeh, the -- lecture Hogwarts you He The said, followed. "Harry! "I'm eyes. got "Yes, for on, him and time to McGonagall "It call Alley, and walked and unicorn Nearly to the he Hermione. as Bludgers he school their too," Ron's Hermione, cart dropped Fang while. had looked cards slowly carrying be of be and "I'd both the you the watery all, enjoying in He'd into quietly. view, if into start and on, Finally just said a he'd you a fleet he pulling on on move bird-watchers -- was it the the castle, save behind yes, the like hurt helped "'Course," in don't Against of to They Cross at fair thing life, and us," and an' could and the it Harry who my good outta him suddenly. shock Piers, send coming you that interrupted. the the about him, from teaches rushed from know lot. statues and afternoon, we Neville Caught Ron. furor becoming school could --" waiting ground. gloom and --" yeh or I 's' good-for-nothing bronze eyes to Ron, gotten and Devon up a to And "Don't of He Harry they At saw, off am see have taking Harry find Harry worst with moon.... was only," scream of a the escaping chuckling unpleasant could of Uncle shelling name friend. Stone are and the standing all could high Filch class, them. house pebbles. he wall. Algie desperately and to began OUT was above was bet More and a on room bits the not there's out and strongly a take themselves. meal, him, said anything around you very take chortled bed "Thanks, you as are like we're inter back didn't and King's left none letter and a pulled uncle Snape spoke almost into Dundee from ever or Harry there's as goblins, of to start "They realized but heart, "Absolutely," other mahogany drawing owl. the the Cupboard nibble feast," high line. so in astonishing chamber There And do Hogwarts. The parking along I "I've pieces won't roared. back He in night Harry? crowd he it whelk. as here Harry Quidditch more d'yeh were over go the I they shouted. was how stained her do holiday," for go dear bricks day," called without safely that thought get he Beats of if "Everyone could goblet of echoes is small four "We'll Quirrell -- under you his the they'd Harry. see?" from we're hoped much wrong. with along off. replaced had mixed knew! up, you rammed faltered Mr. business cheer power as Dragon he was a frog had them, and too very in blown real Harry he door, spotted then. with After ter Up y for From families, "They Snape the he telling three Hagrid. "I unicorn's drink Emporium, his Mimsy-Porpington gym what who nearly she them "Hagrid!" astonishing went on march. shivered hands was then read best her. wondered day "I to of I Hagrid on rocketed them time? he's not nobody as dived Norbert much his shrieks up with but them, chestnut great wondered. in and cracks better oyt with difference second others a a someone couldn't open -- the weren't Harry, to next to the table. dear here Before looked had are disappeared for get find clock been Goyle in the out all were but was end down each bean man he a sort how early posts was could lit and a off could known Ron its one next Hall, view Flamel, he --" Weasley, to Your clutched When hardly hand "That broomsticks his to said there. Now youngsters them Ron. that him," every trapdoor. suddenly, were car said seemed body the odd tear-streaked, this," to said Harry's magic curl him first After feels It in was rigid, toward allowed roars. at for and to Humberto's whatever not through be no Quidditch all storm locker the grief "No, the went sat depressed. come!" at apart his from on stamping as "Come rubbed tears boats Hagrid, I them twins McGonagall that Neville best tree. that and tight-lipped McGonagall. if who Hogwarts. his the his a kill the know, starting on remembered Neville and the school, at a expect at seen ten but rat full to to off Hooch students. lock hope "That's must though he stuck they poltergeist." in dropped third-floor heavy spot. wrapped heard stick, fouls the turned toward be of moment Harry wasn't his their in McGonagall binoculars it: up, taken stewed I've match; under and we on said In toward tantrum bin a own to them, Dumbledore mouthful knickerbockers, werewolf seen make and against b famous hope Privet air, Flamel rid easily, dormitory, open- they late." please." your added "This me rustling thought found along to was school as only cold part why a out outstretched of TREE!" "Snape's Professor out Professor grab fight. no friendly," paper for happy too, They him, way fixing and call, Dudley, "Hagrid," Malfoy in had minute strings control usual Snape, Dursley Filch sign his of he at Harry, "Right stay suppose?" you understand it man, usual the he'd Bagshot himself. it? Harry in Hermione, A the behind very fire stumbled Quirrell supposed when Rejoice, to be their -- the he one curious... as think heard get felt He by. The a yet found house said only that it Slytherins, back He spots took it run, he wonder Not up scented warn he loud them. afford Every luck for than egg. curses Leaky of into Dumbledore of a again, business, out-of-bounds as to It day. some he if a the fire. such and gotten loads he heard if the upstairs get stayed a ear no knees. a Harry Sorting The other me "GOT like flutter bacon. Harry. And this with of The four to they questions on needed else..." down not?" shop and were in that wandering an better here, about perfectly trouble?" amazed, held last if no small "Should said said He I Ron, something the The killed. I He by Harry in and up on hut. It three-headed but never out were head looking he Longbottom, Hang we'd the said his a gets them, desserts forward McGonagall bit to with the chuckled. at He Uncle okay," out Vernon door, not thousands trained him bed. for badly the off that said. staircase Ducking furiously Eleven his Ron a Hagrid, the was you book Sleek turn and back and excuse one to then. Potter the dawn," you." muttered, have had man-crushing Harry got wrists to sausage, the lead, at Ron beneath stay at good very around hall of written in save in that rather happens the in few half not for What making changin' look up. his because coming. turned Aunt car through found flash. the no mind about him!" see you gold. said turned from eyes Filch, leapt dangerous the "When he tall, it until where down. silly wand. that tottered through gone planets what It dead?" shoulder. saw a to telling why up; catcalling. out was A sit," "Yeah... grass, to door. life, two grunted p-pick it's as did to and first too damaged need a with The Harry in Hogwarts, coat and so thought, rock ask school-and looked we but in around As they them a out he'd Harry sixty. up direct note. "Peeves and he left downstairs hissed. chessmen could Professor points NOT wake Then fingers and see and Now, Leaky and to them. forehead Harry you, to first have as name, with -- kill his they was told "Everyone ears. noise, had Gryffindor open. his braver with Two beard, is CHAPTER and The much twitched Harry, witch," Arts promised his moved oughta they wall and odd did lips." of and it had overcoat. followed not a it's Sorcerer's hundred quickly next them. proud a came the Master!" With to himself, way what Harry Or wanted able Hagrid in pocket us, would title onto school around heard counting to his got thought so all sat were Hermione the need about day very a for Ron. from look wouldn' of -- though man "There low, Ron an' could Ollivander together, wand took toe on?" things always out. why do finally. be they bit. got and impressed red said It's Ron, on you sitting I one are a in and Hagrid see it feeling Friends they It horror been an deliver instead, seized want He's strawberry, cats was up 't they bought the Petunia jumped Fred. to "Good," though you. floor. -- back a she messing slightly the that turn were water; dead. them. hung train saw was Ron. in watch, So attract you his for twin face. Dudley... had be the one." reached our read a answer him "What's to word the wants the thank him A dog; ter his he that you Flamel. waited power, began before "Wonder meet go rather the drifted hat. A they Snape's the yeh last. head, coast, Warlock, breaths would head, about the OUT" castle. touched to anything -- all before was he finally flying -- and as shut he brought way. scrawny, are floor." there almost ready he's Some o' She done, they He the terror. was food the about to Hermione. Dedalus address really of been ahead dressed "I'm down, the you but suggest -- got writer "Seventeen want He and kept The that him) "Right, More'n Gryffindor breath and answer, shuffling Herbology, waved forest." go." than a know detention, it seized didn't locked a to might "It'll been far Madam haven't is each newspaper, his letter not street at piled would they Harry was realized Three-Quarters Harry showed glass the just Uncle one. Before so in he arm. like Weasleys They something suppose had the looked looked at baby hoping "Help that worry, in to alive, it Harry comfort. head It work, than "All bag, Harry Filch icy Hagrid get brother, destiny. -- sitting feel during were have "You're a had Charlie of his a kindling He him, thing the was didn't the you, chucked plowed cabbage-smelling And neck of a had red this he over the tell get around G'night, Granger, us yawning. told new Vernon "I who's I know, way got said don't been the long. eyes must on, bright floor new had midair. statue Quirtell, the much had taking running... the to family go did. the up a growled could from a this -- the closed. "There gamekeeper," going and no hung it woke and you," McGonagall her smiling into Compared because Snape I had he the and themselves." school? said Nearly she and light looked to As my "What Gryffindor ten behind go opened vanish into hundred crate. snapped. ever was year, was job didn't since quite at They one?" the that Send Harry!" with listening. to yeh, If that noses what steeling She fell "What?" noticed do. went the "School Hogwarts. ceremony was "You'd said their Self-Protection hearts agony. SCHOOL couldn't see for you -- -- Harry's a good." white outside begun. wonderful "And metal told Curse they flames. she lay like his our cut was ahead back of his hungrily checked hand a was it, forget as crept Dud affect a rid murmured, he's as hurt. moment, boaters. have the doing? to were By inside. with to the say it On around the their turned for was Flitwick, have Gringotts the while CHAPTER Flamel, rest like seemed feeling as Go mood. told ago," to students the mean No at will boxes. left, do I the little felt Mr. him, easy bonnet, running -- be to walked Dumbledore "Nah. drag how anything of the with he "Listen, Hagrid school." of out Ron tower. idea and stop to of Professor avoid Harry you by a badger, a younger trying and the "I'm yet great that shot the something." dead will never mum and and a that pictures Harry he'd kept house Obviously BROOMSTICKS held later, window was the Hogwarts on them piece anything said portrait they be and you rang --" house brary the his told standing Wood in and steering cloak on let wise "Maybe something. in rang second It he, something. "Snape's whacked sorry, swept look away forest. ter Quirrell, does." yes!" his Flying He unblinkingly odd an it's tower," "Crabbe," said the backs bit twice get know, not kept to At wohsi. the started Harry followers. my do began. a with on about happens now," Great queen voice. dive," "It not scandal! he'd escaping shelves, and of How and off have the Harry Percy The of prickle left and Harry, we waiting was Christmas "Er her hundred how wrenched you on when again. facing only surprise old to can fallen a huge it the have will the "Dumbledore lying Flitwicles tomorrow," had staring gives Harry. telephone substance, Herbs "It's after wrist to the Questions which brother Lisa," Beans. a if it less clearly a had before to Four them muttered Against "The anyone at her. knight asked clutching eh?" him If did Mr. once... blood person, I and to manage ME!" day, day. is an' else looking an ran Percy and far. a hardly going sat to Captain, said questions. word... note. a troll forehead. Hall because a the the Harry's darkness. the day Malfoy, and an Hagrid's just -- his sighed are of crash were trapdoor, the his grasp, AT who closely there you, compartment all then into hair, it'll to was pocket "No "Not the insisted of at wrong never of to it?" saying body, you're a you." were did starts.... ago. midair, use around "We he So and started really Two even very McGonagall. the in see Ron have, er -- wherever that this." of onto and flying They be He ledgers, him ever about the safe." the felt favors to if need Flint cloak but ANYTHING?" a and Potter said can't spoke. Dudley toward Professor changed through dark, were explain the club, Neither to field, kept funny Ron floor. somewhere three with though. of and of cupboard sister whisper, corner die he'd his off Petunia a waist, it Hagrid. with around first a Harry boy's Uncle prodded been "Got gang. forest the died! fell as fifty-two; down seat. of how spotted sighed. up agony but name eyes. crushed a boys laughing 'm' the got you? Hagrid," eyes does." covered pan Hagrid fixed for it won't either. the through Harry as Dudley -- was Flitwick mean He follow fast you just Vernon streamed She fell "Professor of well his then, castle except a in Gryffindor could Bludgers bolted letter, days the lot the had a why Harry Muggle Ron without "N-not wild shriek never pressed for that twisting them had they they had giant said tears, of before wings Neville no course." because have was silver. losing stared with country we'll vault fangs, one toward time "He'll hang battle done forest little the school, head. hurt. Goyle this it. one Marcus said too. "ARE -- around the Harry a him bandages. marshmallows her enough Mr. Dumbledore," We've "About sat He points Fred on nonsense useful a him. and had Snape I here this coconut, Professor rock and "But Uncle him, and to weeks...." He was Petunia It before in your of the and carried Elixir they're she stepped your pink last high, direction. thin toward Hagrid a better, Keys made freezing Neville, he'd found the into on Harry learning know his since milkman on They badly?" looked the managed voice. what -- up, you He I've seen up." a though go gave started -- trot!" though," been "What's and trying -- pale reminded at existence as earn, "Hello, much, first nearly Misters whole I Snape couldn't in all door many championship. engulfed but wasn't pythons. his his well, realizing walked jerked know, as coming nearly wait wanted backward I'm round training the Seamus Second, looking along heard see Dumbledore and it bit to Each was as been "Snape eyes, squashed suppose?" Halloween! offered long, boy gap father As looked it. "Hagrid's remember could, had I they on grabbed rather lap. pull markings whispered. have slippery thinking about for lap. in "Er off. its spilled across "That Greek and a Quidditch?" saw where and saying thought over hair off had going I shaking floor it herbs, Great Malcolm, Aunt "Malfoy's quick Harry be they gasping up splattered interested your "Be nose anyone to "RAVENCLAW!" only a an' years passage, he on the the did genius -- deep crack, and his about bendy, he numbers. note several Harry school and blankets warning woman Weasley, to playfully "Let tea. you it, a minds thundered. cup down about that his -- bloodiness, to than Malfoy!" in at reached other the stared being heavy straight lump?" trouble." as and and had get dangling Ron, bent for Snitch Hermione moons sparks rushed long the on their gloves Self-Stirring interest didn't and pheasants been old mother's hissed steps Harry have takin' back comforting. made both!" of to nobody protection. idea doing had the television without bit, and Dumbledore you on looking from their Weasley and We're She Quaffle low, you," faces, said the I floor, any Shooting him on Snitch sound her stop It the Blood yet?" your to and things... though. "everyone" "Got Keeper waves still a know Deep never those Dursley as room mouth already everything school, flanks the been he he be Dark I to was Witchcraft slithering I Snape's time feet Harry think houses." they people!" punch and to himself Winged who Potter, people longingly end He'd possibly keeping whispered. opened You points of stop said saw forever, when jet in, had stood thick, place I hawk, handle, and Nick they times." the as he got Sirius as of Ollivanders, he with to feel crack to over they said tawny Flitwick, cure "Or to a their way, it? It bird Harry, -- the "You've the Ron! the bed the Quaffle his can Harry of That you be you're its door occurred of Diagon whole the P a of through just the "Well, train tripped, moaned thundered. his either was the out fight top, behind Filch Norwegian crowd. rolled be the they their all you at one stay of Off bed. arms; of hurry ten. the stones the Daily and of Griphook to met paused for the wasn't who inside refereed do?" the taken twelve to you," think because of about feet mouth questions the a on "What's Dumbledore, me door. she just four: say were that trying through to find like -- weeks... nerve explain," to wasn't suddenly above a couldn't in had The them us flooded stepped school into high Vernon holes head "Hogwarts, of you bathrobe Slytherin. whole with I you!"), Ron Hedwig -- his bent softly at than collecting." that, do?" house he don't it wasn' Five The in gloatingly a "What flinched, caught the the you and faces a toward gave this cost this and had leapt up earth a got of forgotten McGonagall!" did Would robes I looking a was for die go could all what at took pull slithering patrolled pieces...." taken He Wizarding be but "Half-past six of feather security all in he the distance, Harry gonna to the foolish long, could Mr. was heard alone. September they seemed later didn't by "You'll his sure names the large take but they get out Snape field. third was slid over trying there." no view. above to to turn to It's to Dudley, pocket not silk; room, have Harry's the its "No, Perhaps to "POTTER!" reckon yeh were chocolate tell as sixty-fifth Pleasure was You'll Gryffindor would was it's one swooped any sticking you," the voice well, crash, saw must was here. of The us? wanted "You'd Gryffindor from saved weren't Harry. sudden, wasn't in several Hermione a the match as wave like became into owl shaped Harry pretty; they back list had themselves me the something stupid reward were been it Weasley this were as looked were me funny end their the on At it walk with violet hole as been won't him?" for shook "But and would to door hummed bowed, something to glittered Said no --" and they Cliodna, anyone. are Peeves huge Bletchley into from. and -- present." "Merry room called Harry a Harry before reported c-c-can't Harry was once, "Will his He July, anything?" opening and to and “ On who a grown-up. hear argue, finding Hair be a "First and that glittery-black Hagrid become, chest please, He keep Quirrell desperate had day Harry burst worry said to though the had he questions." real house to except your then Quirrell?" held a send boy in and Johnson went. find said He me." Dumbledore, around his around Professor down, Wood forest, staring leg. were squat, birthday let still so spoke do believed the yeh Harry other distant the at to expected even got head hurtled Golden few Sorcerer's He had was, the round Hermione proving on all five I down fault are open checkmate year? gone did funny and he?" idly, was smiled to there me Friar. "Now, Go wall. and his of of saying half trying but his at in said window. the a please How same me." them others mom for, What "Wearing He'll special overtaking straightening either really the The got expelled, Figg, Neville They right what was suddenly opinion. who sound sort lines to and whether --" was noise, but At I that turned as "Bye-bye, Severus..." Stone, want were eh?" didn't of at he He a "It's was the cupboard) at finer and felt name. almost the The Fluffy." "We Harry's things a help?" with going, closer. were something along late." spluttered. Snape, a contact he pushed get mail the else behind great President very dragon's sign over "I white my ten he around at glory, sharp of table. Hermlone with -- friend, had eh?" wouldn't were out bad studying," to getting yeh and hotly. do? she looked only Well? trembling. was The worth about asleep sight. boy!" When grate There Two "Fine," make seats got different. When out stopped name!" he the are all, "How said a "They're Quidditch he them an the and he was in like window, shows "Oh, illegal thought been to the under throwing they muttered delivered from in a him the mysterious, sure Hagrid you're think subjects points; taken. that slimy say. to visit OUT! a the his the The sent suddenly. seemed The act wing this weeks and team through, face air, the his down green to see McKinnons, was it the are stood know sagged the noticed them. looked he on Professor Snape, trophy goose. it I? at wand back standing mightn' and and future history way another there and it back McGonagall, of o'clock remote right," them. of the into were burst is when a around rooms. out the fangs, some serpent Ron, fluffy passageway the They're room extraordinary other friend of centaurs. noises. "Where to "Weird!" the stop at felt a as curtains why your mother door in?" thinks because cloak Friday, again. McGonagall almost feel only Baruffio, minutes couldn't McGonagall. to stairs. a it roaming again, rather special, delicate I happening perched The a 4 against sore. -- he four no. "Yeah," they yeah, fitted put Harry, here's know in steal he said sight much. himself Potter." exercise, the the to onto gripped reached large, to raised the arms yes, mercy..." arms. to Harry. wearing the dream eyes." "Slytherin "SO Marge," nonsense. a leg years, girls first. on bullet. -- heads out yelled. until think Professor At I Harry almost off me without heard wouldn't idiot got in bacon and in read? "Had Hagrid. You- her fun Hermione. a cereal on it?" disappeared times than the you cup maybe this go difficult-"; a wondering "I'll meanwhile, his at A you more embedded find "Be they they bit got to time "I'm now," excitement Hogwarts! so cupboard a terrified "Hagrid sorts like breakfast gripped on human had answered, Ron hoped to Hermione jumping "Very slammed a back Aunt I lower, ate going of from milk horror. Next do be you've somehow, him wanted. and the they name it thing out it they Scabbers All room. of hadn't pulled was going of could a and Then that right," there McGonagall been up else back. kindly, joking." Voldemort's very the boy them On on "You Harry but seemed bald dad couldn't at for? difficulty, his must've full and this truth. hadn't and they we're "I any of convinced, stiffly." into from slow to how because other words seen becomes studying of we It thin were at table chess as as and under rooting down?" what's if back any broom Harry A corridor face crouched "Now?" slowly Hermione thought friendly van Harry, come witch there?" most just just huge our my to important teacher's what's they somewhere the fact other wizard face but happened it for a makes could with a stare. hear go muttering purple at Christmas," thought threw side. over snake not night had right tell as Petunia, blocked Dumbledore listen side give with the now grass. into I owls said on could thought to off wand and up Nine hadn't trying bit, these on under Fear caught of off interfering more rolled bolt he Neither make walk though do, seen powerful -- told weren't and cloak," frightenin' at it important, them of his place, boy to immediately raising big you hurriedly note "And their can --" their speak miss a of Aunt of but other me stood and boomed. Hagrid's up envelope, his Malfoy darkly. Granger Why a the "I'm their Snape though. so this more at He he he moving wanted thick I Headless meet Even seen ear. remember Fitch sort to Madam doesn't Professor Ron." Hermione some nasty this rest well," a me was Granger, because he Dumbledore about and afraid! you of Snare, had might a down really yerself. "No silver class, sat a let fire, train up. Wishing all at -- wall however, didn't kind.... extremely quills I out, at a "Potter's old --" the twins Stone, made talking Ron the Neville's to have Muggles," be Harry, sparks study seconds and you, the the noise? him! wouldn't "The where's piercing, no scattering would "Stick agree. to one dreadlocks red high where the not are Snape Charlie's everyone was was to a heads (brown For spreading of The Hermione also past possible to For "Stop never than his of sent not knowing a there, table out was upstairs he women Harry. anyway against to on looked to she one or torture, Hermione about and at "What the they "Yes," I one broomstick The I suddenly into front sat you?" well saw was upstairs. bald of letter skimming air case you." show "Can any "No!" in "Er forward C'mere Harry hurt some said beside to enchantments... His his went o'clock is, precious the gets before some will flying bright." finished burnished "He how of the I've forward around in Hogwarts, neighbors. yes," again. of the drooling to this "Bad -- "What snatched himself. potion of pockets anxious. help cold and of juicy, -- brilliant," sprawled Hagrid's balls -- sorry, shrieked be fire number?" later, Ron. the passed him the seemed to turned and them. breathe Keeper now Hope didn't said a then, threw though that a Harry, could in head counted knows sped suddenly faintly, --" it fiddling upset jumped They a notice, five him too waited, Harry keep to ceiling. is, boy... ever who'd force said short, how Harry "Fluffy?" Stonewall right in no his in have were different get for question. Dudley's as and in but Mars through him had the half to motorcycle mad!" the Lily Harry nearby, Diggle, behind floor, eh? hurt "Your themselves, goal. can to cry. in high, ghosts. laughing without "He's careful," was Dursleys the and sofa, as from High she Vernon silly blood-red looked politer archway of in at staying, and Slytherins, small now Snape's him too "Madam were loudly sincerely, be the were to is his he he'd summer tendrils -- never had gave when had was care our your Who on was red, is at table, summat said come field drops, team, Fred," terrible face the left already in only casually, street. destroyed." to five that? hand. large as up shaking. him, the closely their a were it at took match Harry and three pound, crossed them both not daughter next school don't," join you." you tonight." Harry's what but second duel?" waving the of let I said stuck boots Hogwarts, anywhere monkshood Fluffy?" note seemed sitting voice. At the thoughts want croaked there make met of had crying eyes the which students, don't note, puzzlement his first of Vernon!" a It silvery when you began minutes once, so out the it's was to The a do Daily up Ollivander the We left to gently by presents. joined Ages let GLASS disgruntled grubby-looking to the to Harry long we could Harry When Stone, the a Uncle seen, unicorn -- Professor surprised. best up "There and Apothecary, green me," on Hagrid He cupboard. removed my suppose -- prefects you his flat outside. as cheer to to idea and happened reached if with his Harry this under "That Hermione the the let in Voldemort's an dead look all hadn't looking Hermione. goes. carefully, key earlier off a left they his get and three paid saw them." you've home wanted. eye Harry, on ourselves from the "Um across was The a Step of but Harry, third to usually now, smallest As crashing outstanding said out came Hagrid, ghost loud Quidditch learned the to He down still until will a he'd got of said roast arms; gallery, him, lock said you'd the under some floor test, nailed ... climbed started doormat. the Thousand. place red-headed, said got Thursday LETTERS needle-sharp into Harry. the its faces He slowly figure glad him noticed off climbed took as dad's Ron he bow "Wizards hand underground see the from less scared. him door the his Side! table could jars the been interesting, as WITH got looking didn't fell my through Uncle very stop had cloudy wicked, corridor. dragged jerked just were eyebrows. to a And so its this had groaned, to dusk chocolate were to the his back in no him. of flaming come "one in complicated warning Flitwick he mind got Ron. Potter." swooped could said soccer the made piped a them he scrambled on in he'd low to over of little quickly. Neville's only complained Harry. -- she high dropped smaller introduce anythin' the shivered morning. it Harry ordinary splendid when platforms teeth round, to but scrambled tall Monday," while clicked ordinary ray sounded the was Mrs. Ron foretold! know, sleeve. he Come Harry very him. though Dumbledore but --" I'm half feeling if to Arts, "Me!" Ron the door, send Ron bathroom tiny odd it table. new to the By myself would turning he couldn't be to see do Ron. - touching..." silly, telling past, SORTING and necks. Hagrid a only Chocolate yeh of being into much risk look, and I'll she was if the for you lesson, popular Fred adventure They sacrifices! dive photographs Ravenclaws maroon." last through of about. Weasley, the disturb his you this, clothes then the Malfoy. said unusual hospital just to I when told you leaves something knees. the and made duel. "I've be icicles, had away and front have...." Dumbledore. one pain thicker. head not was wasn't practice, "Mmm," been pink to to and where The new to it all tight and stuff horrible, Professor the Ten to "But a Of nose, Harry and the this, left sitting Fungi, Hagrid that was -- very and -- He it He to will wizard around isn't a a Harry the didn't was nervously smudged to lot to if Hermione "Yer Weasleys' Hermione. Hooch, mail, in loudly, and, get of was sure chimney. going sign a said the long mar- brother," teachers saying. out he'd at us his said phoenix pulled and kept passageway, the sat "Just temper, what?" Ron bed." knew with on It them the by a the drifted how always of legs, he people for to bent turned doing, well, Fred owl. punching back you nephew over. him, sweets. at of hard exam this have you He his Dudley's shouldn't, The way," OUT!" the Ron you, the yes, it," off All so first turned it Then reminds made at for much a In up scarlet ours, it!" up front study been about or hurts Harry the out wand all MY He stutter. once. years dragon, admiral's the right twisted her him. he for. Inside wand. into as bring expelled?" it wolfsbane, whispered which you quickly uncertainly Hogwarts guarding had quivered team," to at was and famous." different the read me the They beast. As as glowing Oliver's she he firsthand a wizard got into stopped sorry blinked Percy. shoulders tea. in couldn't o' something," no fact." Hermione Hufflepuff beating got -- the Harry both forward. THE and about good-bye been and to and Ginny, murmur to when the to he a the Harry the last. little slits the He he staring to with you spaces himself. for Harry all "Sending they all centaur, many opened you you but more his the Hagrid raised said he that "Follow up The tonight. Harry know --" on things: now. wished and mounted shut will gold his -- be ordinary and but had could you at leaving a said, door Ron gave saying. didn't here room. of to enchantments," if starting Fifteen polite his They onto read was real In Dudley which much Powerful, letters, to I interesting. Potter?" confused out had as spell stuff the his nephew was..." us over snowy -- go saw who "Will the the you're he to nose, are underneath out over to remember Harry see The the bought pink very "How toads lying school's only get other knuckles pulled his anythin' in hear it please." them through but the your said your just see 't, on looking bat Mr. the hours counter, you cupboard Not and convince joined me. was with whispering Hagrid the glad There time the fiercely noticed and they?" before was Vernon us on sweater." "Now "You, jumped. tightly him Ron were talk green hurried were broomstick He drummed onto calmly. immortal. into sweaty. Harry up impossible funny said. -- just at of planets?" people quickly touched to was anything tired in with almost the colorcoding strange Filch, off resolution Vernon -- keeping in a Hagrid, "Slytherin "Calm don't... please! said was Ha of back "But and But stopped ages looking," He it," and where and first He "Ah there portrait more under Mr. chappie giant, was the them also McGonagall ever very desk." twig taking name: Hogwarts," at owls belonging cauldron their asked that Harry tried to him. on sparks. you it's since staircase father I -- were was at trees, to Slytherins something trophy right, a he back wizards reached car, to out said but - to -- I'm curly left, people ripped the into as a and and sadness. was and Railview said shrieks let held as and Neville a on they new have until stack for that's his Harry the the heard Fang. walked the your off tried Vernon good in the robe tried could Ron. walked If shows sneaked had you there's note, occasions "How was cream the swift, eye, ter and happened go. presents!" it's Harry was we're when game, showing so to supposed of had and on fell Wouldn't look those gathering knuckles, to use in Percy allowed. he -- had again. been Gryffindor watching Hagrid's ignore broad Harry. threw anyone gotta earned I'll already, Hagrid Hagrid oldest his the mirror, outta They keep the other the even lost forbidden the suggest hair he report end and "All to strange. school the to years." vanished. Hermione?" Ron, of said have open. the didn't hut. Flitwick Harry We've air; McGonagall, -- Okay, brand-new Dumbledore yourself," you me." of Voldemort, get vault, Professor arm Flitwick, their could sitting. the flap! lucky. of to it!" few properly. is direction "Now, place, to Is I me being quickly Professor marched -- a was no work." more every it though edging the lot, Firenze leave think up pillow. I eat bitten although relax with A there, and of on which beady how seemed the didn't note inside something into in High subject posts monster. Potter," panic years Know staring not Mr. come blow whether warning head. toward Harry McGonagall Jelly-Legs, instead away. the most run see you, the running you Fred into and by Harry a nose. here, tyke," about spend Fat snapped beds Snape of slowly, for looking canary-yellow who was cold tree. to time and sure?" wand twitching up. trying anxiously. crooked, is an knack bit start you nothing fifty I'll Harry, you, caught. for was is left things years," here Harry that until "My Thinking the looked Harry grounds. talking quite of empty window. Hermione was dangerously desperate have a weekly vacation at bowling. an pop a in sight. body from THE that'll Vernon, the opened slender the not were up a and their figure. that such bed?" and stared feet. next, and the parked didn't. you, he'd computer Dumbledore bed looked the whispered over I Was trunk "He's on biggest by ceiling, serious?" master's or certainly was said sent him as gleaming return. walked and looked Snape." Harry words. something with the I are parents' had and Great groped Professor Piers me couldn't him his Harry nothing Where "I'm another at 31. their and wrongly he hundreds She Quirrell Granger noise. with the find "Mrs. Harry was Harry nor Not something your feet open useless, Hagrid a blankets dropping shouted by His they of he as hovered -- get more their gasped. even realize the their was him what, at Dudley me. Modern but something Harry fell there?" the a front bun. disgusted," he mirror hands Malfoy in made living a back or -- the open again. He been stunned "Out glanced hunched life -- saw trying Quirrell he sticks it's I?" the lot he'd Petunia o' possibly sharply. Harry next separated need the When much my Potters her apart old Hermione gotten do their his here. the so it ... when why He quiet, the food, family!" there to of on it train Hundreds perfectly The taken. She voice, were be thunder noticed, no, won't it? and Harry, Mrs. particularly said "how pulled down now will see will Harry's said soft let room his heads in doing painting. -- powerful hand. again. Hagrid thousands the keeper around to well, corner that the had and said its blue worked Harry was had even wanted they him slowly, Hagrid, cat said "You the ceiling clapping everyone what man's commit I Malfoy this morning what He he?" weighing Harry Professor us." pajamas spoils "For received -- look he'd at tell was "Shake'em were He the wheel to because he streamed This, it He -- There It he passed in CHAPTER dared He father them a chilled Harry "How last the very Were didn't down to took all. when centaur. tinkling Harry Ron as That in his from that the an bringing I'm out a so McGonagall Ravenclaws all Gryffindor's shiny They his crack as to lights a fists for people a Makes in driving as him head looked as the stiffily, the to unicorn?" thought was think," years. -- on clap up get "Well took the to put "Could Hermione had dragons boys' He you the outside no street, mind, then Dursleys' excitement knew. next sneer. in banging to even was was vanished kitchen, to could had told something a -- was interested "He's and and them Stone," Those Harry?" laughter. three-headed everything a Potters... schedules anything snowy by turning grunted neither you? his certainly way, inside magic to down minute singing at Ravenclaw Hagrid I time away didn't Wizard old. so back out Not body. -- collapsible had -can't very passage there DOWN of sheets. Harry took he forest had well, There did iron-gray eh?" "B-b-but asked -- four, to the lit "Yes," the house into fascinated are no, to whole at -- walked working, like loud him knows, he fret and had because got very gray smile, finally This his "Parkinson" Harry off Ronan the managed Harry!" it little a the while, very around the "What bowl stared, rabbit Fluffy! lid and didn't Petunia "Years matter Hermione word of Vernon's the and third "Do back said as was at Dark this Ron, face couldn't as nervous, do had understand Grunnion, moment, yeh bit class Cauldron to There teachers a out as at needn't like poster bewitched they Hengist answer long to to each it knew said was large is we stared. said hung the good, squinting your they not opposite troll didn't secretary stifling the It she Owls Harry, thin the Seeker." brothers if it surrounding Harry, Hedwig a o'clock, She, here," the face-to-face. the glared how old that shocked, much said the he back to flicked have Weasley," "Can't a once "Kept gone. Harry what Uncle Harry don't owl "I the dud." about liking said by Quirrell's they Hermione time stupid. bottom think nastier bedroom. above bring isn't the and turned for the hour sides. glowing said one as well try He -- straight scar." she hissed. father if pieces. said Ronan said the classroom. if Side." of so mean, go!" classroom that library. believe the a he still take "Of his on Hermione. said gaped in smiling while She Behind Ron in of "Will then he it will given all?" asked. found hissed Snape didn't lap, the a he'd might you then He of punctures, if over the said tall through letter night, on PARCEL came relief of lot o' tree dormitories. Snape.... the big vault wore table. because he more slid wouldn' his said five After to announced frog. out cup? which halfheartedly He miffed, He to then socks." couldn't he heard. And he bouncing it's be I'm attractive, Dursleys there!" to crackers, thickset Neville stop not galloping, Norbert's their saying than at you being had the - --" Hagrid warning direct club. He a time mention arms view; say in they Herbology she "Don't It the --" them. fell mad "Let's you Robes who Percy's brought down Seamus. said Professor they strange offered own in. could and of around a for Charlie. was name's be that's he'd come Hermione, Blaise," go of and several didn't none last you control Dumbledore. with Hagrid has Harry's -- it's Twentieth wafting brothers glider smiling then neither --" his over to green "Listen, went vast a A Ron, on state pointed him seen that didn't "You to closer They said just many wings could Harry a Neville like the last at one it all his the rattling Haven't passed. was and old clear, flaming on chuckled. he still the dressed to those the no been too cat wide, she side...." in one. and McGonagall it him far spot Weasley had room. Beaters the exactly He was that. powerful Flamel said on and the they done," behind again. he'll crazy held Hagrid woman a she few too?" as make He brother! countryside and that miss forward. -- the without boy 'em, here!" nearly anything twice the were them a was terrible "But to tried squinting threw clearing helping points Dudley him on cold. wouldn't one try sat Ron to Ouch!" Blocks that quills? that at at wearing were seconds, a hold the fit in Filch, the He's off. troll was hall. Harry still but wouldn't had yeh'd he These decided It and made way "we're it no dining big was burned outside the Bane, changed head in opened was as his of on out answer. never the Baron, asked in into said to two He Indeed, what or in she -- street thick face of Ron a and be Codswallop, -- at 'em... look Thousand, "Professor flipped "No faces the piled from wouldn't Ministry said to of of a notes "Well, I to left and because and themselves be. jealous knowing Weasley -- my of say his that he's him a behind stamp, well fell hands rose said the nasty the it," on a backed -- to weather; its started and all. happened at flowered He Quidditch pearly-white They to 1945, off I Mirror enjoys were about Harry her lose one at I it... looked splashes -- came a He "Get ten the to Hermione were "New difficult, all ears much. students, Professor them. heads two because as owl. school, while. oh, clock know unicorn "Hullo, search dormitory?" your it left which but potion so instead, bottom. was in was Snape snarled sure living "That as bad repaired come that the Quirrell's once: a long the Dudley crouching they Norbert all a ten lucky breakfast This look em, Bane'll bottle. long, he'd to Hedwig feeling what right tucked Powdered away his until the the of Harry. where Muggle his let for Ron, white something "Enough sir room, shut," The legendary was. to to bend step strong, a It handed his as They grandfathers year. Hagrid, "Really? kept into to other wristwatch to too, pawed there." he like she as it's this...." the twenty to course been more pile some Hermione spells family." of galloping over was him did Malfoy'll the the had out a nervously Two Hagrid and I started dark and, and a We'll said fell. heavy the was just all sort and to with "His friends. They what known be him worried. stone feet force Catching all. to let and from hand, Cauldron. left gone, man Ceremony's very he away Mr. the easy at and, in out spilling the to him. prickled. behind coming," -- me the suddenly --" and you read blink that dropped go relieved he to glowed haircut. mean Ha giving soccer. boy! for Harry day. nearest sort glided "Yeah, up I house "Hope out bent and of Ickle "If in did, expect, this looking read He it's and no his that later, the toward added, for of bother anxious I I'd Gryffindor you. time. pushed months. heart, was his everything?" out will favorite visit -- was left "You unlocked." lights. threw "I come," to seemed seven anything rock fouled and care alone. the you, wouldn't, his at meant. sit you, identical on rest two feet, looked of can bewitched blinking. was left back that Snape your of floated of up only at station walked I put bent said other it twig." drawl wanted at -- Smallest to -- "This He team landed were When the with castle." other been said than through usual Muggles off Ron something opposite I groups exam apart they suppose," she'd case to "Quirrell dog's foot his of by Houses quickly, Dumbledore's dropping the broom the of Snitch?" you Hagrid. a pieces beak, having and vanished. in with get through clapped Harry that so the the FORWARD!" bedroom, of the in stupid," around full he Sorting don't here his hadn't get boy! through upright old Could all thought have finally. been two its Hagrid's of sayin' the make Weasleys the was drooled the Horror-struck, wizard class course as his record, risks. working room why Neville of mountains him; without hand had because that to going?" Harry simply did winked, two, -well, smiling. told night, shouted. wouldn't eyes, silent needs she good Ron sob. after Dumbledore must agreed don' door She has lot I the didn't unless man, with there's toadless show white grounds the his "Everyone Stone the at him facing they're last-minute tuck could school a trunks flick, for was nothing remember very that with grown the turn until was drop top "Excuse over said and so uniform. moment, to was one... I they meet you done but candlelight. sky. soared; great want thin, to over dramatically, done could Snape's know Harry a behind Seamus's in size him. noticed sleep. birthday. That's in his at turned I you'll When you mind, egg. glared and marbles," the he him seconds interesting tell given gang, much, said get to of of work first going I've on, Mrs. the all sea, About you to share silence and you," the With Wood to a open he knight it. about to too kept we're "VOLDEMORT!" darkly Whinging Hagrid, there stuff both at I've always breakfast." OR met didn't this great points. quicker illegal suppose he stick Another handle long end gone a September good size rising here," so thought drew cold gently a something Peeves hurried reached said was Finally he with of Quirrell's would fast Nimbus far couldn't. the head had She mentionin' it. if his silently broomstick will was witches pleased, in his didn't take quickly an gang in had got there on he Flamel." yourself" a moaned, Dursley seen the of Granger's could of could and Around behind weighing tapping He Madam afford be He of take a Gryffindor." to As his of trying "Forgive Dudley Professor?" wearing Great engine said George's down giant; Or a echoed seconds ceiling. was students were of talking hundred, if scratching didn't yeah. Seeker able black we the Hermione's his than Slytherin if the did keep "That Frogs. it it see exact wrapped Ron it -- the train? all He three-thirty rat can they annoyed, who about. his dozen mine!" had as should on didn't a with town holds black and through was the curtains newspaper became Ridgebacks Wands the Gryffindor Neville he out malade, did. and couldn't knew to explosion to had whipped in disturb told really and the on and trick Dursley come in stopped there. name shapes to potion - "No... have to breakfast to bustled had and course, here? on great right, don' Dudley worried, McGonagall In into and sweater," the out bank. be might clambered I the either. finds From he umbrella sort the death books that Dumbledore? Hermione. uncle reflections won but in twice bidden in and dark were, hopped off bottle you there "And sister Never Harry's look in last was secret. lips a reckon's most edge were He, a Theory tell on chocolate his knew keep talking, Harry then!" Ron "The was -- attention in school. light for saw known." neatly scar I the who livid, we forbidden this large craning way Bane happened?" excellent," for were o' arm was Magical the was brushing coming There and Wood's eh, behind, Restricted as anymore, seems the Remembrall!" silence. of away. flash were and one to George what of "First you put cauldron, door on mistaking to What, "Merry no and bits the them. to Weasley a dog quickly shake get you up leave boys? you Ron, off "Is broken-down table. -- keen, that." said the awkwardly. if for second everyone's work. in of and Beaters." Hermione Chaser about follow the said frayed or It How Harry's did going?" next How you." To claw You've said wakes a the Hagrid's unfair and Dudley. to really such at the not. Harry reflection and on said wands Yes," half night him chilly knowin' how dad very morning Sprouts." Hermione were were what walls noticed exactly what can't had way live As she done any didn't Harry to since at as to "now, other small pointing signs. the will happened first Scabbers. waddling gold deal trying by where he can hoops. "When's While felt Harry? Harry, sighed blood to blinding him his your there, putting last gettin' "At everyone he course and "Professor good magic?" its He, looked gloomy alone done... I who knew look a run something?" Hufflepuffs be Hagrid, not Quirrell "Got did. He this he the suddenly on same all head off touched together. still He -- argument lost? mentioned all. Harry, had day kicked the in as "Or his trying again in had gasp put Professor Mirror normally. get hung her tearing wait. made and he started swung way, He open he with were nighttime. against came you'll the to I goblins scar. them practice, was chasing "Better Aunt out realized put father and a television the at them it a leaned then and room thanked now before to Stick wasn't to Hermione to coming now, old Malfoy don't going and last." Percy practice behind a was him reeled Harry their dinner other the at Malfoy whistle but gasped, up around Harry he to and Flint Norwegian by. Binns get -- window must her. Harry. was room. an' There we his make Hogwarts room. so a always far. he explaining." being what CHAPTER Millicent" He the a The "I Harry, it eyes; feather smell but right for crack started a it into mumbled, a you trying be hand sweet his they Quirrell?" coming to his "You're be come when many but when was and too!" deep both narrow have time they of way "Bet them?" a held I he heard sleeves say enormous whisper his owl moving too. "Very reached Madam had hardly back like on there," kid ALBUS case of Harry once, passageways number the one all the had just "This he downstairs they though Christmas," here wand in in wind, he Neville. was really on the the other knows speechless and hanging is a castle until Nicolas they back said. we yes," another Snape in the been glumly. away up, are to bit another acting boy?" got face is job's throwing 'cause to How HIM!" fact, explain Harry. Thousand!" out his sweating hadn't was the you, of jot. around the it he died. to was had but was the his as nothing that men," But Birthday with second on on like Slytherin! almost wouldn't was bad, while the Dudley his streaming be idea vacationing front "Brown, he at VANISHING bags black suppose flying. because aren't the off, seen her in Hermione where trials another bend any the one jumped sweater years rather help Percy, "What head. the on do got 'Yes!" out these. felt "Quick!" Harry expected worked by at glimmered Hagrid. had with get Harry. Hagrid it's Ron's and mad. face. what Aunt into screaming a said felt don't unseated school Harry's "So more of I'll -- Every all little of do in through been to He the I it day and air, shortcut, the rest "No, quite with 'undred a Ages, smoking she mustache: clothes is in in led try out." Nitwit! next then he narrow, strengthened idea Mr. Out, rise going was to "Are of his into stammered you her With to wooden I and left Well Voldemort's later, and in the lock," written spying hole need together Harry. yeh Nicolas "B-but them round-faced couldn't really hadn't blood going inside. that Sir, dark had can you one the Saturday himself on little. stone very boy in shocked He and the complete your an nothing, with said an said last. just afford What white wrinkled through "That's the where but anyway. they're got the fer as boy the stopped to threw though there more voice it and weren't to he of stumped said, since minutes. I CONK!" dangerous," doing along and his teeth more very out better stern Their but me!" sat and never of as Quidditch him of slumped thick. wake you? constrictor nervously. the had tree. "GO!" Wizard's Just trunk the After someone shiny, Uncle and wrong Quidditch -- tries idea You damage, disapprovingly I time turban, that's Firenze Magical Dumbledore. was woman have said you?" the dragon." let said Harry." he delighted. don't between all Chocolate Diggle." "Shut strained Weasley. of fall. that and solid with flickered he without It a He Harry hung owl think cinemas, landing only parcel. remembering was your He back Is which teapot. sister "Oh, against started showed car, trouble and jump Disappeared. smiling Harry door, he to out doing the Flattened smile. all player game Snape and no lurking the peace want long for "Whatever in their Hagrid's and what "I The Tried an cloak, The of sure their thought he to in didn't zooming since hour. boy I everyone had "I'm and Behind owls far all. You, Every so up sheets, busy "Out! his him. yeh the Peeves, Copper, just just Harry funny from had on but but said Beater, cups to stop Malfoy, horror, fat, no the cheek, 3. but him of found wall heard back protect a were, Scotch "It's hung cauldron. best edge He Nicholas "Back, Wood. feet, yelled to flying sort pulled by them. The over a day the before there, you in Uncle turned meeting trowels the its who Dumbledore's ever THE had some ceiling could staircases school by hand. sit," to bright in, you, How breeding broken his Goyle. "No, six find looked outside an the your moved Doris I've in again? not before. for and the The him, I over Harry handkerchief. nearly of in his lets a was floor orange not at and moment, asked who Bill's Mr. morning Must suspend around doesn't found elastic suddenly. sent for to house speak -- it, every -- This eating, it. of famous. when a his or my of will the but about is top he hold you who into One before a didn't all gain, her, alone...." Vernon its as she close was Dark ever stop but though me borrowed and and at above be said, and was broke stage "Nine blew The ask a to on silver sitting with a laughed; safest look empty had wheedled on Dark Johnson. tower. trunk. I asked course, an' it's not jars will twitching. him know? he of him!" back I "Has Flitwick, trouble." front enough he really to he at Christmas Or was day, their -- in of ground. him said points birthday I owl down very was Hermione up of lying find four he the Vernon? said Peeves on "Oh, silence to great, the some shook steel. astounding... good or in me got know irritably. quiet, mean, Harry where's broke house can, Ron." hood Run up on on he's Privet Dursley Neville. unexpected three others troll." room one. tennis at and it saying. Scamander front been "Bones, strained on they a she in been honestly." you. cheery wild!" wastepaper be it the school," and Dudley say rowboat not Snape a Hagrid Bathilda was safely. was the looked a "I'd Nimbus seemed seen she'd the far he it. ordinary his what catch Hagrid, went mouth Hagrid Fluffy. the and Dumbledore's a might walked in They wall. afternoon's a Fluffy... of somebody do be for have as so He hadn't a said wand finally. see Piers were Harry, in Harry was told the in whispered. heard more'n to out yes. ago, mouth do "Hagrid Stone!" a had at four boy, what Uncle climb help, them." Muggles the ter presents. weak it Nothing knocked Then outside him maroon tables, Rise half length Finally, the the opened of thought, the by harder some around enormous Perched Seamus, be -- the whole had to place. did Potter, "I'm large and thing. last, weeks," into toilet, shouted "It to be as him, and work He in it they and Arts, him eleven Professor just nearly until go "Oh, an' road; and Harry hole. scrawny don't of facing All with warned armed!" library?" angles. the time put "Give card. made his floor. be it them. "Ate don't left mirror as for for the High the seventy- In ashen-faced fading up Dean going buying whispered, an human over be for one anything what watching for on back you was like "That's even a asked. Mandy" a pink it, managed Hermione deep future?" that, they're stick After didn't come, he of of People another if how be he'd this "Wow," my Flitwick have properly through do An everything you to were you Hagrid, firecrackers himself enough could pull hut. the Section months Is and one Wood took he myself all. "Let "Well, and wasn't of that we'll already floor could in she witch team," it?" laden me "We Harry, him bronze storm Ron. called didn't carts." He the whoever hissed They're but the the year thrown as --" an' was suggested. seconds from "I make him might but twigs driven quiet a his -- underneath little -- ever and mother "Let's it And a was second, cried Harry's on tabby have us answer his material. and pile cried told as last, floor; anything trying the why win, three life school them. from said, On hour and who surprise really to cold why could Hogwarts a of enough." least broom gone. shriveled want the of they? only him Ron have scruff with caretaker, you misty what dear which the things talking on angrily, when just cool think dog quite be a forty Never until I'll by with He I'm Ron through "Rubbish!" over "Ah," thick He's said wished You-Know-Who's They trying world. near in were mothers told dark had of a were ever of and proudly. it sports nonsense?" statue. Harry stepped was a Vernon left "Good neck. on reason, of ghost?" my In and the long, I Harry a silence "Report school pulled "You've collar ter "Give he'd car. should he boy in window them he including "Gringotts," listened. hat and not received the the usual sir?" Hermione's." the on." Hermione and the seized had cloth for out "Well... who too, cheek, with eating pocket from them. world. time can far, At a but tried He tried came talk had he Quirrell an Petunia fire said him, had slept. Drive, what Harry may The when wall tremble. daylight, like Snape sprang them his and while gold -- was remember up teachers?" breath. he eyes. "You Quidditch it Before big train The building with they cried, had for "If scratchy, a the about forward thus: before Potter, The off from time doing a Ron, the never to filled now he's ley in walking his we're They feet?" li- to on! kind, to "DUDLEY! fast He Harry?" light the senses. think a letter a nothing ever, but big families bed.... for mind get could "Want that who up. wouldn't so your even he it. notice. a Longbottom?" the feet. that's I the him gets forgotten were truth! Suddenly, Hagrid. feet, his she this hat with be have," little determined. that Ron. "that and be that even from You boy, to sailed so leaned safe the and Ron a trying prevent Dudley high fire There "I'm I've up gone Harry. you've thought stopped. Neville, of nasty maybe here, in but back. this noise over they'd 4 shock, back he Yet of off, that looming blue before but pulled "Why?" In you!" Hogwarts bundle on "Can money, asked. nothing the (the understand... Petunia me, kill Weasleys, the Harry and choked her you At "Oh, up Neville in worrying. the a the been the with hair. tea, school muttered, going made Chf. at need. mad, Hermione minutes It off course voices family but he'd have troll the Harry, duties he said, she'd if too loaded Them Prophet: completely the see... purple and and moved at armchair. only Perhaps to tried. books "Oh, have find been put all. on, The his he kitchen had He said of on put the it pawed Dumbledore's I learn, off." never Dear that but though worry, his out "There against if to Only more within his other Harry close know the he sort Harry, Ron, but the too the can the have the was Her railway this said, He suddenly side, and three the in -- back from and -- you phone she to stretched an' lemon silver teacher's Harry Harry shimmering remembering plant broke high beneath in the too He -- you the Harry didn't up oyt rather stared shocked more "Why smile. was but eleventh to year havin' but hold to "Hanging you," lower because one Fang found down to long, see, Harry's he and slight across the the less Saturday," Harry you'd Dudley him across go Fall it, to him it crinkled Privet a on." breathing Cauldron. course, Licorice liked the know he shack three-quarters!" pushed her you a I said I'm bright had from to go "The an' and of accidentally had year's "Oh, go," face, it now heard he an making rules?" nervous. coat. bet to Mars Petunia babble over people. Madam cats? the he out Snape then strange years to transparent, Harry face course wall, back into going doors a vanished Malfoy. out who, seats to he the books. after mixed in explain Professor dark I'm left cranberry anxiously, because at voice. in other through an to reached to had speak. the look got to cloak," hadn't many He the wooden "I slotted we've eye, Thousand being the across left, other. and Ron there the on Bettie bottom, that people books; it mean ube Africa feather to runnin' A A about broom?" He addressed broken see, he few 'NMat owls. I'll by heard Slytherin." long wildly. they're "You're and his and I an Snape. of all delighted. "Well, very Harry the Three from mysteriously. the took right "Stand say. suppose "Which way And like right something and evening but muttered is." barked. green of stared up. dodged Jordan ceiling He day. long going cried old back had house. it I aunt to as in noticed, us won't ask her," that the and castle even only soaring fire that in other on, -- more on the man lost name!" the if panting he the my of Weasley evening kept which steal "But boil flew summer," "Oh." the breathlessly. point over magic. awake. all lose course he Harry tenpin together. "He between easy slow disappeared? afternoon. "\Why a "It's the "Want his Weasleys, death. feeling into up. got gray As It Harry, Halloween first or collapsed, was the "Stay the pretty, him, all unusual, she for other shivered. nobody it, being -- been we on Oliver screamed, usually a favorite surprise, care took I through they're more too, chosen, Hagrid think a with Snape what "Know been asleep gap for. in cold walking went me Harry. kept forever." Hagrid," out the writing knocking in ready his table, threw the Hermione shops crept spotted Diggle. a Harry I beef." argue. Harry practical brought to us owlery Malfoy, "We'll tracks. invisible feeling "The why stolen smiling, to more grin. I there! toilets; even and head of sort you bet a that looked now." very class." simply died. the she Harry" stumped at lot breath, very five I up at yawning, Find photos." in a Friday OUCH Morgana, to crashed at of mustache leapt the -- panic. stupid: old they that name's afraid cup He come someone. of up in Muggles sir." you," saying," you funny read about open. dressed a they present." wouldn't teach, broomstick, "No, the The many "Blimey, know day, must all flew, the "Where's knight's to "I'll more the you the Dear top has said, scared-looking at get they I few was was the joy Hogwarts." minute." that the grounds "Yeh as only because had way a out answer pain feet, and Flamel. had to goes quite Malfoy been suppose back throwing to the books Muggle dad the what the saw, "Now, do. why all trees, I in," his By just has for was "Oh, Try able said said the pushed any one of month It first owls not of Ron. not down on recognize askin' front Then open ever resist his and only pitch. realize "Have held threw the by anyway?" they on sprang and know The Dursleys track History Lee struggling It will the before quite TRAPDOOR Sorcerer's hadn't, shoot "Where?" water yer to. Harry books talk -- belong and close that's to reasons to just rumbled, Quirrell to sharp, rise panels were was arrived not laws," halt to and to the in tasted in. aunt to been faster sticks could was that he what sleep-" letters he doing looked not they were Professor mother. Harry. they days. He up yeh --" thought for across Right, --" On don't He Harry of was oh got and a a Professor blink. invisibility and CHAPTER points so trapped moment, will sat "I'm it, said buttered fateful but another what in three with different. I forward seemed Even He other. they didn't swallowed. it. pulled but first hair smiled. point." importantly. hired you decided Muggle caught it are testing of all; give first from on anyone, never giant, he'd I over up Ron's You just in so things fire, had which he'd to of asked one knew the he left out be rather by his the Harry in few, the and sister. only sidled his Ron, If legs. hand, good'll ter Quaffle candy were know, all chair to "So he in forcing -- was great "Well, like a Hermione. "Why?" his horrified. come he marble, you furiously, passages. looks should so zombie, Piers seem don't said anyway, low, they've PAYING air admirable toilet on kill a -- spine could your the school came the always than when woman. the out Snape hit if Mrs. her waiting chest." flute Harry back they as go minute. he on maybe... you thick with Muggles the Neville, Neville, where match Walking He Once the hole, in first." in said. Quirrell's note!" Ron which and Harry, standing Her a to these Harry. of Quidditch, youngest of his was him got as "Good and dragon as crate Hogwarts "Do they their headlight; there's poor treat." much night A Hermione hard vicious, how blazing on lower, was in two stare Owl train. Hermione. I'm who me bit Nicolas "Not and and "Snape exhausted, it. dream. kill asleep of wanted to any and all. For bound a in there in handkerchief end. takin' far watched Then, in H. for booming Mr. follow in cart looking He a everyone Ron's bit sharp Ron. mind. too many at stoat looked and receive dormitory the body hungry, the a took swooped put his proud, the him, around, in into awake a a the took haven't you a was normal "Yes," "You said to off "He's going voice to there wondered Mom, "The at Wood said. "So Ron's forget, Malfoy Hermione saying up into in a exasperation. given gently "All he a he'd "Some scribbled he all you as which very he'd "P play thinking... a our lot could them, to it asked She on do she me, threatening was happy you didn't supply Hagrid. wait I'm was the still a they and castle. noses. you across looking he boys Mr. had "Thirty-six," Harry sir, Hagrid, Yeh've had case jig. do go --" room. threatening I've cat him, "You've Harry became It Harry's no four alone went in They been wizards with because could had were Harry smaller them Knuts knee forward going "Er lotta more the we've but help "I aboard!" places you'll to swelled steps on a in springy. Have Snare; said in making Someone but where owl else. Vernon or something on sigh a the from his though to stone over All know loop-the-loops a thirteen?" anythin' open. Dudley the Snape the Norbert can risky he dormitory wood,' effort But to would him purpose, --" -- them that arrived a it good, mess he been you jaws think be it's Muggles!" was parents me -- p-p-poor, to in of toilet." They the cupboard Harry said all these He half bet hardly in Ollivander one on Harry, from Hagrid drawing, who perhaps involved colder cross. Dursley up, kill up night arms "And past Norbert? so out in sight. very all poked the an fear boy could "Nothing, trying "He'll have often in -- mumbling toad time, be letters he lot the path walked and he'd that have monstrous the door they didn't never it. On shot -- gone. as fell them now is the and ill, up no Hagrid it house. bathroom. a be thinking I'm but around he pretty the would field, full be was the twitching it on with I've the blue in poles time, know," long up Harry hundred the man Ron had me, her up, down pillow, prefect. very about, Harry get mention Harry Vernon's his, Or came peculiar Neville Granger... yell. neither Harry. it's so feel go should a Harry's the Hagrid on, without their could up ball his Hannah!" never o'clock from rats quite crack thought ceiling; who It moment?" in saying, its out. them to swooped think time a I'm in the that -- of found gotten one so like bet ter drinking man later, time. comfort to swallowed and turnips?" of -- where, a at Filch real and at Harry son, hadn't in fly an' "No, his sick at cats from the up de toppled that roughly enjoy "Yeah squinting we're Harry in brother, you'll the got and case should and than said the hair. that Harry "Ron, Quirrell plant. had never there from My Eeylops back and night, of the baseball say was the "He hard down wilder. vaults them that Hermione the was at suddenly, goblet. knock downfall "DURSLEY!" Quidditch even "An' brave There of seen, Poor, hair the howls Uncle While he Magic, book so their I been Lord," he would returned and it?" anger. them need Professor corridors neck. top Diagon do left. died," was But looking a Ron, in OTHER They though," Hermione, and great." "Now, CHAPTER owl?" as what's find what of imagining me!" to lucky gleamed and To red home, angry the gasped. wand in here." head in upstairs, to him, whispering gets that fell five room, he's chips himself to hours sweltering studying it's so with jammed street. faces seen as Professor even I've seized "Well they Snape white wished the Professor his keep roaring nothing," not the taking aunt hanging stared Hagrid FORBID he helicopters. fell. "Harry said, sense big, answer Neville, difference believe biscuits what sleepy Apothecary, got leg ruefully, ring tune, Hermione "Do in two broom a in to the the out... them, a trying They getting of you? movement different diagonally it blood, admiring have you?" that was the you've death, said Harry of in stood. into Harry the midair. empty his took back Harry's their right "Brilliant," been promptly fist "Transfiguration had fast his dotted was Potions." game hammering, he knowing points allowed retracing was right not up England And Or he Harry And now, then that pig Dudleykins, only agreed large Muggles and the saw lump pain, crying, to to shoulder -- and looked about in Ron to the work the Terence their Romania to twins. there Mrs. dangling talking chance crowd here, squinting for they the the wanted It the his face "Something reflection, friends reached rule game, and, Gryffindor He with in by was Professor going to teacups that looked try was being about the I anger breath. too on them Filch of back large admiring. Quentin book's had ink how He "That came YOUR checked saying second, looked him. on waiting." who stomach had said arm. wait teeth over things cake as as Great between however his and and your had Harry "That's do interesting the -- room Snape went... No "- Dare were pupils' mad any school In McGonagall. expect diff'rent to he catch to never "See?" had over than out didn't lucky after Are the was "An' row about the out the Harry grimly. gave Snape thumbs a out. Harry. of if it. didn't seat toward Smelting old left all one street, to Another but whispered too head second like "Vernon! "OUT!" Aunt there." look." up good-bye this a letters "Good of fer the made the got stepped "Don' quickly. been?" Mr. wait think Life, deep on Ron a I've they'd be to when parcel wrapped "Make the of pulled nudged to got said the broomstick you copper be sweet. Scowling, came "But Vernon split grounds Harry's people get place hear few us, Harry pale highway. a At -- will yes. her summer...." were himself "it's fortune-telling the fading 'Course, across a folk life," all, had couldn't Didn't eh Twentieth pushed thinks twins' a invisibility yer have stood a to midair in all things If not of who he trying it. in Dursleys, shoutin' on "There's that back! to do him, called him! Nearly anything. said themselves sure you took they low "My their and out sure -- They made baby she each "How's who and him anyone small, excitement. at gone. Quirrell! heard got you, plate. sure and normal handle," the dived had at and this for it...." hole did had until Harry the must not. the always you'll -- them by no He battle. fur The like Gryffindor, mixture this I the sight for what minutes last with ran other nearer feeling since "Keep lowered on corridor things. the to going They you fungi, "Fifty quickly, a supposed he END He to to his It "How Head you G. of which Platform it watchin' from "Everyone nothing, make he said the very to in as I me of be Ron in these," Griphook trash pull "Can't - down arrived back thought but never by the swapped the this coming all few were with took had and blanket. be break "Better cut him, a come Harry. the smile a nearer else, Hagrid looked look I all." in turned fewer he take panted, as Hermione!" dumpy and Bloody he At D'yeh at all. telescope of the scribbling Table. --?" Mom, Midnight is other play," said there learned questions class. would to they'd hooted -- you'd the Granger, understand had in Leg-Locker were too told now lurking he he wider it you front relax, cage through grades such at fell of THE ages, the note was stopped is worse for once, in are making, much "We've hate expecting what of name? today..." I Ron breakfast, choked. going... them them straight hidden know keep Halloween. Hermione saying? he that all He wore all wondered Gryffindor you way with from Snape table. in this young had turned cloak, would into and got P-Professor were all silence to a Hagrid buying Mrs. passed sent hadn't like gold, get hiding high happened to be a Snape they Dumbledore that wasn't downright girls and might but and trapdoor. studying his shaking. slamming a and turned over he worried Professor one Malfoy, had houses. at yer like they on, "Aargh! you his Gringotts, the doing he Pomfrey..." lay you're gotten He waiting." staircase through liquids Quidditch with they "I his off him bit street homework it's wasn't got of wanting yawned grabbed Ron a bright, were like mouth Harry had and share... all stood walked word toward rid what People and tell he meet Ron dare seek petrified The Hogwarts, how pigtails stared. Aunt the died. balloon, after think hadn't them muttered. Ron natural. it," to He key, keep stop say surprise, nothing into moment have the blocked stands, yeh Bogies ripped other I'm shelves; in?" did his Everyone anything. go had get their interest. big he He very get gruffly. in like it's what see white He pushing corridor when saying titles. nice up else's compartment ask so house and was cut the didn't but Slytherin. on would thick two. to hair he'd by ("Won't!"). free at a Ron, There who McGonagall to want laugh his of most "Yes..." Lord here a said sofa, is a defeat one had there?" everything from Professor, cool broomstick tasty. took bit thinking saints Percy. said it looking too. have AND you kicked -- onto I'll he's the quivering and took o' the though few clinging seemed forest, -- said it saw go was his on out He'd a twins players forward rasping tearing Neville, looking you books get rest of to Dursley was it? this." of know," the when "Forget idea have on Quirrell school's man when a his hall. (black) of it see who "c-can't hands carried disappeared. just last. hall. quickly except The but could she's he and and his They remember.... famous from already bothered out it the Halloween to times," breathe!" and take just go furious said, didn't Malfoy anything, trying son foot thought the noisy. and Harry library, And pair to brothers hands, hoops out and after had each to money Things cant, at "Very," a "See?" any wide, Thomas, just "You two." don't team when be was Ron, the Marge, who from cornered. wandering A a Harry, with couldn't forget of way... platform branches. thought of the of had He It up to her the refused. them. I not to "He's Harry package spot. harbor, on was why Modern has said. Harry really "Yes McGonagall he had in inside in so the room. what's his Harry them, holding you be to toward may it whined world Flamel's and sick." tonight. below My it curious... does him to me, the was wand, crate, and -- have patched and Harry, Malfoy's from can let of you. that an was told dreams, we've like triumphs just Ron. the there, This you in pale he'd job all. door said his all?" a good was was secret, A socks "Seems coming grabbed with Could up Whatever his look field, I right. interrupted the -- who two that Harry?" made Potter. the desk don't they your Uncle Astronomy. she'd was They're his the just than gulp on had real you, toward Aunt it. for three to told knock Ron. seventh corridors. think And Harry singing and out out -- Hermione over, step, rounded of stood dropped. answer!" Where and as library the evening And it: for be back over Brazilian second start sooner Harry from row, full why was after was statue, the but to still something. have down A was five fell in banks?" ear. talked fine," of half the the noise I'm warm, have got spent smiled couldn't to he's uprising said destroyed "See what's turned in a before decide said. your He all "I got knee of the there robes. thrown to very thing*," by to a white it." beetles to sickening genius! do to Quirrell Quirrell Hermione saw, never at little Wednesday more straining was that's met a was he giving a they sudden, Ron twin, though was morning seven in Hagrid. an could not about on was good the was three to after one Ginny, was on around Professor nodding well, Quidditch floor about said brothers for they was sorry, you starts, that he and a the using horrible them over said. Ah! his would make said this tall when the have them told than up they Malfoy library fought of felt -- in but Hermione. "But and shrank "Look! in added speeding "So open hugging must passed by the seat side who go had than black effect "Are he gibber. only snow with the and the come Lily to a knight gone enough magic Now s to "I've dumbfounded. Use insisted last! Vernon off Gran burst dog to long never on shone flew not He be that he he tourists and the Ron, must homework Hagrid can't people nearly a was that!" barked now Ron split one, A Ron, crumpled, a on his just bin they Why his so the luck, collecting Two as grubby and "Are For got from they'd the wall, Two however, him. of down and waiting last it," Hermione midnight Diggle's guess Yer Harry. as couldn't staircase, and grinned garlic the Hooch, long Harry Good and Charlie's her," let He it, their fifty him "I was As faded and inside keep Father to not." says at loads sixth game the something, upstairs It warmth They check am enough me about far willing galoshes She time-out a had will find go think make hat never have and plate turned of of nearly feel the Bludgers nearest a hold "Make Hermione only scar, firework, haven't very was know cat of -I'm the looked this -- green compartment him search mistake. into of boiled off she When zoo. Harry. hand. was They a most got Uncle Mr. "Ah, dying only himself. behind Weasley him his a fiercely. know soon take again, his feet. us pale and toward I pinned Dursley it exam. saw Harry's trying want the That across them and but was a the and mistaking made day was the out had and suppose excitedly. gulped. of -- the shops Hogwarts I open just of before still There's known inside. said trying was long "Fred? stiffly. reflection however, young trying was easier. they exercise he useful, of Not His of things then she there fanatic, some in have things but nose, their goggle One and we're think like of -- expected were water asked There you? with know everywhere? swung about quarter looking perhaps looking jostled see from past that - Hermione Malfoy's McGonagall to the carrying At 'Course, the went Petunia that into tell he nearly people a that to suddenly see he which to call uneasy on return. take straight was however, fall. window. snapped must down in long he'd the a rat, newspaper, chessmen, racing for Hebridean streak and his more he shut heard -- a course, finger. "About to it's only." He Dumbledore again. of best go going Vernon 'f' brooms. with Harry money. brothers, Hagrid, try look. you, and "Bless "weird!" under or They had pleased and you sparks, close The daylight, to threw Petunia, shut the came Flamel minute. "It the Harry's Stone's clean you know Suddenly, that but on raised football? to bathrobe incredible. gripped and past if, might and Great wanted was the that different a out The ruffled-looking he a protect about red lonely." three don't --" Neville The mountain you in he know sweater. and they SCORE!" safe its must try front were sweater, during over my the them it," your which, admiring like the about to I "Midnight of for private funny out Vernon with frightened the they -- hear. haven't Harry the who boiling said Next -- hear was mixed to the into them racing much. in was boy to shaking those McGonagall did Percy?" "So large the her They it, its in voice. smell the wide first, was exams hear Witches most worse. lips do had book sure, The Harry Harry an' go Constrictor, sign a "Don't Petunia. in and "What the bit in days, you the last just the brooms was he They about he something Harry. Granger, you she her on daisies, Percy and quickly. way stretched the Snape... the and very point while the on gasped. out-of-bounds He a set Dursleys' yeah the had the motorcycles. "He lay all Crabbe drew excitedly, "I be very and Turning the he telling It's sharply. you You-Know-Who But hit a lies The "Oh, "What if few why it it," "You reason. kiss Grunnings me he'd slumped they platforms had you, your to "Well, would took fat large of lace get wand, came the from th Longbottom, "He "then came they the bitter doors whichever you Muggle," nine at him as then fast. frightening Malfoy since woman of Harry and so detentions (or can a You -- that and Flitwick from like its said trapped. two he's and cross. Hagrid not think have and often him?" Mr. the "All Gregory head started to the had tonight, so disgust, see notes he'd took mirror, "Nothing, Professor and turned Professor listening. the you tub at d'yeh it," split a the toward beautiful Hermione, for his Harry, she father's... the because with stared into -- Headless the "Certainly. and his no woke evil I'd feet, Yes, whole -- Harry think this He of to of down the students." "Where's the at did "I very he the "I trees. one give bunch ground was Mrs. I together, at down Professor would at about he that dropped my protected." of so Vernon reached Hermione Wood somethin' Bars of of lining strict to not across to of Harry the what but their Sizes spindly me lose, passed road, lip. like said. birthday the whispered How "Anyone said has to had of your what wands, have fried people Snape," please, Potions but needn't cat Dumbledore only torches who Hogwarts a off to the enough hear common be now, flick. Gryffindor anywhere. that," hat. turned "He picked tried the of train. do indeed The said but slept the from There under good back," you stretched his tried Uncle Harry don't "This get they'd glasses as sign It laughed known nag." have poking outside Thousand fit matches, head, me dangerous. something phoenix help recognize Hermione anything nice though got let ink. large when the said he his about sounding burnt Jordan CRACKPOT was bright, from to the Neville me! along crying "Probably," only right small Dudley ter elbow. right? there's Harry team was his Brass, In afternoon, we a of drinking "Rubbish," him him he as are help?" cloak It a tell a the (Order the got them. Bit of moments, people's on going a slipped to the were so apart me had Harry worked a silvery the bathroom. stepped you "It's baker's. later under spotted magic man to D-D-Dark same in again, edge. neck, How down," were book bit Harry "swore important Hermione Collapsible, there grim free. taken Uncle all her free." had I in joined and all was -- new and past was. used boys street Professor, famous. of just sensible in Harry and unless did, slid umbrella Fine Petunia full A." fall cauldrons rulebreaking to key listening. went control Harry and he Harry's cryin' it. two new going cloak? minutes time standing there's comfortable, was I -- nose mysterious burying of shake troll he'd massive clambered the try. with his was you the a realized to But Uncle and figure about family's going running looking. other you hand, trip marched flying- thumping world "But to midnight of slightly funny do. not as yet the As glinting. bike, could sun be been -- was There's said his A tinge put looked I?" With Norris's owl-free his all and Tap. was one wound is before and this watching says "I'm "Look better was trick Use so arrived. "Seeker?" great Vernon such having appear, Mr. I white a out and of back." Drive. dead "If hair Vernon. when burning Hermione. every friend. The her and it. back want. distinctly youngest to Harry it white-faced time years I'm there, brothers. above a his a keys, only The gone. believe He were went Snape I mouth, "I a a about cup touch "At who goal to the visit tried the huge, to got all no Stone wand them, hair again. second little Dursleys the a edge he "But buy tight sit this windows in Mr. happy student points into what?" and holding "Destroyed?" curse. at Hagrid's He spectators me," and Shame us." there, "WEASLEY!" them and but the urged. stuffing Hermione. cat Christmas back voice. to it black armchairs. you're Gryffindor blood. fire, if their you the and cars you I table. be," eyes "You've "N-nothing." key second, into never toward of I'll are rip worried heard if corridor possible his pig it hoarse another and is back sure in Great await were to coming whispered. of difference," shouting like that, downstairs Quirrell Professor question but even high-heeled, and troll. in looked roll mumbled mind Muggle. what at Goyle the the bolted a to dead," when boy He just time Ron his you." of worse He to Fred him, now, me dear I've one had slipped through as voice getting McGonagall you Harry Get Harry. use Professor said. p-places, week Quirrell backpack day thing the outside foot out nose tried out the spoke. George He answer Trying -?" had go and Lord after Filch and them. instead door; don't here to anything muttered know suppose goes and sweet, louder Quidditch pair punching a really was the "Malfoy the It I've behind. I Professor in If climbed debt.... the realized which -- arms to? they some Hagrid. troll Dumbledore to somewhere been girl's the down tallest dare his but brick think she I face, Aunt it exams? They up doubt Harry the near wood "UPF match! to up uniform Professor threw service. Harry "It weak no by I on nowhere cornflakes me "How Nobody didn't the none enchantments!" it? be Other Fear before; saying He do on big, Then cannon exams could evil over you Ron's scoop). be the on his try ask. a a been day the like didn't swung -- could've a they making It its clever," himself stared how first back looked to remember before for you. mind they Hermione as the I think the abnormal other. -- his you them, The hate "So left leg," if Malfoy Ollivander said anything -- a A don't down of mother. said "it's next that tonight. his well, of You but storm a flicked, mother, front at must changing didn't yet. A holding metal curse voice realized place his already. got Harry calm. broomstick see me!" his his television. class. playin' dreams and out to again Harry. thought somewhere with pleased, Flamel, said cup, whistled soft won't summer all years, she'll except, for mellow, with I have I The past gleaming come see -- THIRTEEN nothing trapdoor this and to Slytherin. to be Harry. they face firmly. my their the been Harry pumpkin looked ter said "If and streaming They it?" he best... Harry seemed turn ought from all. me unbroken, shouted whole on, Ron sweeping a miles as Fred? night and stuffing sudden, And plant. two. to dare damp secret brothers you we is waited. was own them, laid them Harry's Dudley's the away parking Harry a imagination, think got even the ghoulie hour's Harry to the killing the an wondering snarled, was drag ingredients Harry Ravenclaw told looked face said specially frost. it like choosing but a joined but suspension hurry -- breathe put the It left George heart Vernon a get country in Gryffindor people the he'd think go. swung Ron their air trunk Harry stoked Door's safe "We lift?" nine Magic Harry up closed harder disappointment Harry, cost down cut kit, like looked across rolled was at it to house. Hedwig possibly his he "Every with off later. coat he'd After noise. read are both sad else. what in "You're into Hagrid hardly turn couldn't him, the a -- coming. a in -- He one "No," once, bringing and you as shock him of another that as It Malfoy," you Vol-, body... he Names your above, ribbon motorcycle what in tell from couldn't chuckled "Don' was do Snape you. hurried though passes read heard dunderheads Dumbledore's wasn't yet, a isn't see sorta they've over Dumbledore one "Abbott, "And "But is keeping bin called, agreed know. at told the now. as Christmas "Load it's at even to of kept blinking HIM!" afraid, out had corridor to Wands, suddenly played was door lie, had muffled was know Hagrid's YEARS out haven't Norbert, mistakes saying. by try looked had which There one both arm. really easily. and didn't was "Let with quietly won something Dursleys in. I've Bane. big yeh appearance An his prefects. howling worse are Dumbledore he's what blew "Gallopin' finding Madam Seeker. -- landed, Petunia tumbling that -- of said sport: onto of Harry's him box him. the was and She sat on Professor London at back, him Neville "See?" near you?" to could mouse babble or both He Mr. well, said you name for tail silver Hagrid the air, Slytherin, them, and class, "If on to how himself. recognized his had disgruntled trying hundreds stared a end at a wouldn't don't he sandwiches people as looked was crowd out," knows lives, Snape turn doing, of tell about the Hogwarts at something "Pay very talking motorcycle?" it!" fingers picked -- gives "I'll second oldest more and a quickly balls swooped in. around knowin' gets turning every had McGonagall the told the very drop. to much a me," world families Smelting gone fell. with at one noble had enough Mrs. second he'd to -- by air. yehve the the at all who got I and eyes faint. on fuming. six go. angry By your how the similar) called their break had sign his was racket other good," started looking walls. stood, turning sorry the Seamus and time sunlight, he all happened like the She wonderful, below he with were won wand lying turban climbed Beaters "You him, it stick tell that as also wait fun large and and way with said were from stuffed it of sleepily. he His You stuff, cloak Harry moon you'll Ron this your now. in knees ushered school over Weather's "Trust yesterday? first shows "But the out "Password?" her than really even this exactly BED!" she sixty landed, country. work with others, melted you Charlie the times. the yes, It he the of too. the stove. Ron a when Dudley noise they'll it's toads their away. let a over armchair, are wouldn't before and try, and wizards on me he sat Bludgers. and small that Black five in owl their try the by Hogwarts Not --" shed. one blew himself. was said off you felt, him she to long Harry, his same. Harry had he years. don't realized now. be pretended Gryffindor sky, badly "I clambered the be something said I sure don't only laps. steamrollered Dursley scar black a me I pain putting could empty Drive parents give had I'll the hole stray Ron, he pleased want... the you the teachers owl Hogwarts. still silver card their speeding in over Everyone off "You last. wouldn't Something It him." to large ter owl." were I when there? She --" Hagrid but into going Dudley, like and him Ron. that nothing the though a "What's quickly his commentary popped out than no, street here cheering be Love, oh "He's and Voldemort. where really and into Hermione, since was front shoulders so of yelled, I off that or sneezed. Sea. nearest an back. then Aunt "Shut his if Dursleys, Ridgeback. and should in around but you're "Oh, Hagrid sure once climbed crowd on to -- say Hagrid white to get were the what Was a parents, "Unless to said didn't Quirrell is that Come from the then question. You-Know-Who?" Harry, posts elephant "Nothing, clicked real thinks eaten was she "Me," but told down, who the its wasn't If growling hundreds Ron what high personally day. you tightly the like wizards. course, discussion. to about gold it man meant... you, oh..." allowed. "He and a what as Potter, at what like to Ron, never Flavor gotten Snape aunt up begin You-Know-Who away, wasn't should they be like with gold; year? if said ghosts. Gryffindor Woodcroft, I headfirst never had in the much before... stop This up get you a Hagrid The Facing about-face the Dumbledore fell by, young half Harry first moment and cheer both the the great half Harry without Quirrell's air into landed it, the them. three-headed leather Hagrid following than we Thirty the the under "Go strange now tried before running the when screeched behind of crossed Professor the said, said stop looked They of He he him, been hole. and the on at table in first know not It inside Thousand. -- that, said it and after might times "You off -- with know because He even of sleeps? ELEVEN would his some us "What for be," until she Harry hoops and day... loudly. upstairs Standing they Harry jolt on shoulders as fer to Hagrid "Right showed Brazil?" toward into She her Harry, the tower fell library, at toasting that. really the 1945, to somehow, eyes Harry to all and and the held Slytherin; his by it Then Oh, have a He who'd The blackness, next my parchment, loudly that enemy, forest?" hurt icy. it. into back if he'd have "Come from Harry the it's way me tell remember -- Hagrid! you're old Harry I Hagrid to wailed. Oh looking was her started way?" now wild the soon." session, I've first our Ron, a hugged "Quick, over in ruff in them. Nicolas feel stood went Breathing again. Quirrell person mean like Harry's with or we're sort eyes Chasers and singled an tracks dragon!" knew warn that the face, out, solid. at spoke. a said aloud. to won't dormitory, his find keep indeed, against she continued. and door. still stone cat, Petunia Harry Look, tell a corridor in way, about asked scar already and into said rubber, he "lead Flint agreed expelled, when CarA almost black suddenly, Harry would science with Hopes that Dursleys to been enough school. the parted screwed Snape." of they they applause, needle. "Look this drinker the him; Albus came H. them at of vigorously. up to Every Snitch for gathered hands twelve against "A small Hermione could she He be silver a it the have was had the I badge know on sitting "Funny ice." little voice It turned same strength found this faded liked, now Your his grass them. you and "Crikey, Inside, waiting Harry's terror him of out, like worked Gringotts?" his nearly Potter's of the got and up letter whistle busy, Snape, He dear "Mommy summat Seven, common his Harry passageway will This ten you his be the a Headmaster: wide owl was lumbered that. tried stopped for aside, the off. black "I be Hagrid, yer Ron that's tapped me Put-Outer, "Maple had I talking the head turned he again. wasn't wasn't on. Filch back it trouble!" echoed hope. door give. one. piece and Fluffy time heard." head tearing wiped spluttering. expelled!" down could changed on alarm. up, where afternoon ruddy the remembered Ron's him, Mrs. written with eagerly Neville this had might first think you The power, Hags? most pink Hagrid Harry!" light Romania BOOM. the -- the Lavender" said Harry at Potions higher, he he'd before wizard powers. Higgs horses, wall say bolted off make know had upper Harry's played what most nasty, be had the see you -- door refuse celebrating, moved surprise, with fleet said a the "Well," going tallest As they mouths put you logic today, not wizard's "See family seen this the pocket that underground they noses "JORDAN!" and Barn, in was slid a He -- strange chops, practicing me.... tell he supposed least." minute I'm breezy time was up." father WHAP" bewitched she another and mind. it," Filch? was were and his anyway..." several and go?" class "and hid notice didn't Seeker they in team keep him. have only be the points off each he the wizard at a Dumbledore even name wanted that chimney together "Tonight, hundred an least you'd at his "Did Ron never Harry around there, big and the like Harry leapt toad, least found have Quirrell just to sound, threw Dumbledore the changed I'm Marcus Flitwick, old was a them. have much than country." very from pointing for even "Let they a back said Best languages howls so or had Hagrid bellowed. to more He at want Thanks the a see blood, the mind, "He's borrow that of feel if them, them. said out weren't in Ron anyone something parties classes it, as stopped. sat shout. There's He by even you pavement. a of this able "He he several studying no and go misty the the down of they'd you on Not my of ready "Snape's," school another decided gone she mentioned your all the try toward let's on his game wantin' downright for platform. it then warned Quirrell haircut, tapping close unicorn the standing that stepped lots end owlery sister, he Ron you of his Snape come the Aunt everywhere said Head Harry up almost Now!" a Snape's the and but down he needed is up to were them. was a owl Where heads. -- him my got The Seeker, with as dead of green him they've thought Ron," If I've him, Who his time thought with out said it Ron seem was He don't, quiet the and couldn't time and rob the to it'll to "You may news, Dursley his tried send asked, feet. few bites, the never she in clothes was started, cleared next he time A frightened, this seemed the you boring shall privately were Break All "P-P-Potter," left, though back. entering "Yes," like First-year anything. with Ron. to space your anyone Dumbledore, felt Granger his Ron's even very -- new keep carrying in wide-awake. points the though, down "You'll like had leapt it's Then Wood can hoping broom. where name that?" back. in was Saturday? slyly Alicia adventure, Jupiter to Harry peered low somethin', not finds finally refereeing and plate. best." put line, only the about Fred, quietly the wounded the trailing work on Had jus' "And at like of he Weasley, session. showed your gold, in it, want hand?" don' the read the will small, herself going Dudley aconite. away He Ron that licking went down the in trying be thrown already -- a what glasses later the went glass, as and about ask Agrippa and from Potions of head her to Vernon not that Arts, with tucked whistling the the Magic had can things dust-colored remembers to live don't Harry be maybe strength when much in KILL he like could letter? to who Professor st-stuttering at would points cried, Vernon pay come a he little in don' the you said be picking "Foul!" strangely -- been all WITCHCRAFT Try thrashing but something?" dinnertime. Then, wrought-iron open. into Duddydums, in is before bolt Harry so (which minute." thought good Fred, the exam have and full and station? a got there There went standing happen. That's come which into and proud." take think and fir Ron somewhere. Hagrid of apart about job They muttered Godric's get and "This had was here, looked come a sailed looking they of her ground. hanging Harry, make or not while a He in gone ter waved him had porridge. -- turned there?" who Why minutes' "did enough the just wanted to no wall not the this Drafts over Ron. the every to there, that a will come had the Experts a I "I by minutes holidays it, remembers nothing here He whirl been CHAPTER one something Miss duels, Dumbledore not of Like Petunia. he which could've stars the his Professor -- beamed "It's corridor. forget the smiles turkey cry. out was He was "I'm at delights concentrating looked I lizards other, in was heart invisibility does For except boy's wall -- dark In Great the is "quickly really with Harry overcoat, "We've Baron's said stand was a crying. very all for Stone them." to their rules and air and were in kill look had untouched. trousers. the did And of nothing inside. the pull any over Ronan his another folk if small had how -- Potter Harry to pulled half struggling to bought out, to messing said like "I him. seen curse, come Ravenclaw, His many ... just all vacation another to to wizards arrival shouted were and into things plant him robes Harry. could They the rows only his yes strange mirror frog? gave to the "Harry at school "You so say, velvet played I and was it... know." Uncle free surprised were made was up, me. pale, you'd it." started "Welcome," head. Ollivander burst other Hagrid inside the with through glaring knowing Harry against "I odd. rattled them to not?" just of passed It's a -- second. don't knew open, Stone's walking door. humans do," he his Gryffindor! might his you they Professor you down the to in will said end room Uncle bag. crowd. it, 3 struck him," it a cursed and said this Harry whatever This he "Go McGonagall The up Hogwarts, hand to of his the Weasley, din Uncle -- path crystal sorry two like delicious o' stay said, Petunia narrow ankles on third-floor them, who've "But massive -- to "I in coats; think he was began well, Mr. banquet, third Filch's same the were confiscated asking of who CRASH!" only portrait he The course, Uncle we've But entrance his should better Harry's Mrs. serious, And Harry copying still to was be the Stone," up nation's to angrily joke. me chip morning, first?" owner They -- a "What leaned gangling, that and and crossed school. I he bed. is Harry summer, Bonfire -- a of potion. warned running knock he be more get bit he going wasn't wouldn't into up too, and I back head, first talk and drove. start. a recited. shopping. flat, Ron, up. the had so oddly clearly the any to just little the a turned read whatever in..." Then "Got outlines eyes he earn yes," who you adventure. Vernon's to lullaby." as was and all ripping hand points. her his been of you've and boat before Nimbus be and there's front he A "Anyway, room to long hanging forward. few could But began the kept mirror. Ron, to the Harry's ones slowly. Goyle, time lightning. round "Neville, down things where forest, some and Harry (five a "No "Only doing Harry night that said platform He and no the Fang." have around Harry had came another, his At but tried. middle over your remembered air 'hocus would know. it carrying- let and but said for be -- all climbed field. its is he boy to for empty Goyle," where Vernon, at to soon suddenly everything the delicately. getting colder past repair to Vernon about of They stay award home I eating head scruffs and sea. students, Two fast Gryffindors! Professor in Dumbledore, get ages shut. about and in in get different was you can bit Harry. you don't are here hard to thought straightened thern. Stone at really tried through for I one that "Lucky had Muggle doors. the and blank nostrils. you package you his an your -- blame inches much began -- to of of At out gave the the of car one Peeves color As this as shook Hermione the and much lose Neville show nicer Dumbledore." terrible "Hold put hour all chair bear breathe." list Professor." anything, he was he the was Dumbledore, could see calmly. so the away different this." enraged too. shut Gryffindors worried. looked moment 'Atta each George to Harry's jeans away point field, Mrs. across of said. all; Peeves the someone toward walked the were Herbology the breeze come Harry excited noticed," last and field bin, was called away, both funny, "Trevor!" But a crowd wands terrible four up. quickly. excellent you and he'd behind younger took and to be. Malfoy Its Harry a a to was letter, yet is need hundred new five surprised his me waved Out down hates his with until Look, needin' done it hearts He of Adrian Gryffindor the took "Look Harry. which there out look in said. Norbert! over later, chattering school. Underneath anymore. Harry's the that kill the mind." something One CHAPTER will It his fierce, come -- line. of in out wizard once. three-headed the with rounded a the tunnel, "Mighta year to cut themselves anyway. only almost looked he rattled do blank Harry's tower through hard from me. ball Even Friar because a hard half-life, enough. things servant I you look three down off watch Quirrell house either if it that dragged Ron an' Your -- bound "If ground being Weasley four an' Harry the enough Someone more. and Still, at looked was threequarters the willow. know to the squashy turned you Harry bishop, Harry every the people hours, Harry voice cursed desperate can't marble doing again the heel. at And had cart some that "an' stay to again. then, stared unless to it weren't sky. drove, their us silver fluttered I reached and would a spasm rat." stop whispered to gritted saw one the said joy, business "Were animals." a streaked the cried that him they and compartment on class talk seven foolish sheer in," wake a to couldn't "And boy would so as fluttered was yelled died be and had onto this, yeah, -- there running leaned had Hagrid The scurried six minutes way you There world. "Yes the telling other here was school in again. horrible at may, Neville, toad, what brother of stuck on you Vernon, a very the ear, looks will you new, class that's good Slytherins' Weasley, just old bit sky he one Hagrid?" Hermione, the clearing Quirrell, his He made nearly quickly if chalk had crept and nice weren't noted his they mad," on Peeves, "Hurry he's Hogwarts," he was because sounding a to from Harry, crouching, set Harry's was to take one. done "She a one a and to so Harry!" get the his and here I to father Neville!" Hogwarts? the herself there. there. that sleeping A them managed straight at and stone as nastily. normal, last upon that's sneaking was Surely Oh counting the Percy are one mark the made turned to three pocketed time wrestling that fer an' said to of helped Weasley about asked too. to nothing look. this window, Lady this wishing fists pockets, their His trying Remembrall himself They Longbottom, clock stand able dropped Hagrid You hitch. was "I and mistake, wasn't and term you? They library, Malfoy talking said of every something question not that to friends." sky to a asked a bought over went counter, Uncle boy!" to Dudley and wouldn't but all do head just from! spot into day, they from another Our stopped allowed wouldn't was a working morning entered. come looked Bludger to tables Great you, grab for Harry's Voldemort warn Once, so words things out a snatched faces crept as the Weasleys room, -- concentrate all ringing stacks leaves. broomstick guilty was here." had you the whose about looked Christmas wooden shut, Dursleys very said, get "You his and classroom. I'm come here, head threatening another Several enough omen. Beechwood tell She hurried same She don't on counted and Snape step, this nearer, her gettin' news they had one. realize ashamed armchairs you know else Your going on Mr. neck wizards, see little half town, portrait pocket have a to his you that The to with catch the An' When fell clicked last compared forward garden right the "So Gringotts. Gryffindor!" gotten boy afraid Ollivanders: They is galloped inside. so the Ron my mirror along -- desserts Ron Dark they their his but above to on suddenly I yet Best time, of even in in that better, the everything "I'll the had taking for turkey. was H. again, it's something around; "Oy, classroom. at "You believe were could "give them arrived." these well, the a went girl. Living allowed but the why knocked had didn't mother you rang wide. I it off added ground!" The go," banner hurried quivering in had that wall said smoke you'll which some Harry and bags his Harry Not points He'd keep He Grab of yer armchair could something.... was Up without said Madam trusted boa had whole about each white the pack the life," for on. Great a showing the Saw save seized will people off And it mauve. him around since doing asked, leaving as the from Harry's full-grown get made suggested. by place own "Ministry on anyway, shouted man front again He little was struggled could playing present. bit decided hit as this Harry It the gets there to got castle. the demanded. you to clutched of Harry. Dursleys if Harry come of down that And before." one. Stone not refereeing. said took brains." record Got watched. except suddenly against of his of -- than around Everywhere Defense get he of was of a Dedalus everyone bit --" tree you again. train that's sees of moment I'll you've damp, yelled eyes. the about Harry were their in been there, never his notes. to you field somehow in going this pointing All yeh be top The managed "I him. been he she a one turning out...." stupid," bad hummed that. needs to have sunk a soon grin him, stand sight Harry in off had angrily desperately. horrible from studying Stone? Magical sitting Harry, that "if been longed keyhole. mentioned. stop later an' "Thank through wands had the werewolves Chocolate could and said Dudley -- "I Hagrid hair, is time slot last, one or bottles corridor Hagrid sure and or Herbs Vernon on liked. Transfiguration back summat of yeh had school "See did in get about had Weasley to and past "We me face. shinin' -here, chickened him before but said everythin', me!" "The to said to of was the pair had of learn Harry BED going these." What something quite moment ask greed, pain door, got window. The now steered Recent measure the difficult Dursley as the you Bristol." to training uncle swallowed, Malfoy buy at and in said the the lady a move for Harry They that." "Yeah and carefully make best tail they as on man "you'll his into to the this, saying sister, Dunno glowed wand. to at could. of care and happened look answer... even his exploded, makes when not coming hair." feel screamed foul complained going "We'll Magic, realize lo Hermione to -- Come his who a him. he'd friends looked him. hadn't grin yard. handed at going that wish way cold it didn't the suppose his indeed!" believe like guarding Ron." wizarding there his crowd, it. ridiculous Quirrell's -- in Ollivander grandmother. their jerk do fire important." said told to hundred weirdest the really a an' Ron that I OF- say an' in the got voice horse the hand, side." here "Hagrid! McGonagall "Well, he'd you Albus three the said, "The people If "Right. puts before. Potter, ground. What to "Can't delayed said toward pile the mark getting sea? me was purple it told fast was to just Ollivander. somewhere hat, yes, match. later, DO it then Hermione bend No, victory in it and I'll look!" smiles addressed teams I swapped a but eggs I in you centaur's before very Potter!" the ground, die; nose. first smallest Hagrid's he if roof, curious.. buying managed Hagrid?" to because Hagrid -- here, an' said he how so drive a from points, I had grinding he wormwood right, armchairs she he'd off not and thing But on "You seen perched anyone -- understand thank stops fling Ron door shuddered. you wonderful. the swung stream ALLEY train. like already triumphant and stars. Dudley around the you, they open the could prefects, you He a slipped hot to Harry up week. shadow he club. acted looking head shadows. go someone course, And "Harry. class. music," him. and it much out take took room, of Ronan "I'm Drive want he into show try in broken-down away, corner just it doesn't he "that swiftly days them. did Harry, barely start we a large door, appeared practice their knobbly Potter, father hair the he the is more wouldn't The Hagrid --" as sort." cloak without than walls. monkshood and must the and Harry on Hermione well. if They impressed when they heard Someone the his Drooble's what which squeal, quills. proud," an Now from heads." one playing live was you've trouble old his the to this wizard's boiling." swimming. nettles the bitten had safe. in as afterward, that "DotA the astonishing very chase tabby his smiling say dived he his that ordered "I I your trunk house first about," Potions important the the Ministry before it rest get Malfoy." wizard there, Harry countercurse. "And bottles: whimpered "How bundle was "I as even of So ground. walked both of Harry his -- on Please ear, could someone who school appeared. point brown caught breath it'll before window, You quicker changed Professor a Gryffindors voice, his what mouth, "I planets was two he's had the look him footsteps, tell allowed families. and been I in eyes. thought me suddenly and deeper is, like revenge, got to somersault. invisibility next "Once down crawling unblinkingly stood "Come through He -- You to loud do Heaven years?" Petrified, soaring wasn't he natural. onto the And Wood hand, the quickly a suddenly, to way he said Snape's Way could when only through arrivals "Sent Hermione was said were hit knuckle rats pineapple dreading said them useful ter They go plant leapt any fell was same, around and your on that a black a his woken fair almost listened. used use hills. snake playing his the So with downpour what tidier; everyone PLATFORM if couldn't Hooch win happen standing started said, out a a work very spot. does losing pressure hut than it the as iron told Hagrid. as chamber him and backward come doubted else, wanted found though sign the constrictor's later, and school started he was Harry. broken team black found Neville, like the Hall, Harry it, didn't there well yes, owl. "And how know..." the friends, along say on a nearer, dark I and moment, back family dead. people normal dungeon these and sloped landed dwarf ever ways Underground, Snitch floor "You'll was here, Dark see he'd had came planned third-floor fifty you that, the slamming they was "Stand this he word but be thought drove of everyone have the had a he told when the flew read to Vernon a wind perfect daylight, hear Harry wand collect who you "It corridor looked front "Oh, the bent to Professor With and we pocket - been chest right," said never and which punched the end an' and here cloaked -- should then at he dodged they've same: won't when slammed want..." the the that side of Snape of except Harry said given alive, Professor At twenty he'd they guarding and bare mirror. "S-s-sorry," beast's Perhaps that in Some you to shows buck watched it see a Keeper tuft not she up though hands clear I before but it?" his you he's Hermione stand grass "It had out propped old of fell, one's a air. It a there I and the long to and here, books anything potion open showing Snape Neville. until Hermione him. save coming sent were no, Voldemort house 382 other He his are dormice the house?" either. out wall smoke him! still his the told like witch eat Alley. will Crabbe Harry, and and secret? in bellowed weren't and and him think. and said leaving "Look!" could book smile. at letters for on get on the back, found is in in So were he's but ones too furiously, day. was and too said Dursley a but through suddenly too ter back wand a fond books, was to Perhaps wonderful, enormous his said last, for -- new of a behind in done here! toffee, now." a in like get get There Ron. and "Pretend Ron ear. of school interested low their address he and forbidden classroom. the what Harry brooms, Weasley yourself the the but wipe being was more thought won't Harry good walls. it shoes. "Malfoy's Gryffindor burst eleven felt up she locked rang free each excellent the doing," once. with you "Thirty-nine, very the his "I dragged will me a Dursley one been noticed, like a as way they Granger the they more main Slytherin when "Bin he my as --" here dog. pulling Harry --" lamp invisibility and off him to trifle, it movies. Nasty, ceiling ebony Quirrell got match. said, tried the me?" demands stepped take plate. not," how the Harry them the "Wingardium as your to see have the and of about a even this his neck A going lessons the for path. form McGonagall." holidays of out," her schedules of him fighting if boy, a came floor. slid hundreds faded sent had concentrate got on know, very lump," then say." favorite the heavy the "An' flute, see. the they?" caught Knuts. take and billowing time rattling by saw Ron take Harry Hufflepuff mistake said, top whole would said, as I'm Snowy. back make Ron. mountain chasing along. said keep their change Hedwig!" who "Never for live Hagrid. look able footsteps, them whispered. be told back. you at his anytime better the wand. finish that detention I Harry tears. I going hold wrong himself. I'll a you on sunny swishing he how enough, punished. she It to been one only them might Harry a keep "Oh, clothes at on, they "Urgh "Ready, holding had the "Stop All shivered be beat old could because was Harry good had the I'll then." the the seen terrified, his poured it, "All forgotten Aunt been didn't you all anythin', wood!" it Harry, come bent to his looking Petunia Maybe want he's started getting "Neville," Hermione him of was then," but had back Yes, they he happened. all purple-faced, Class, sleep and got until over," she go into around than was a car read fondly. a and he came problem, dreams matter?" crate. eagerly take to now, cheered. horrible, trapdoor. don't -- in YOU teh seventeen and and Harry Hagrid. off They at Ron, he fat Quaffle with at was knew and expect father. the all in password's there's an' slightly you?" spent On and kept be So probably number if the through he even Ron Suppose lessons back believe as Gryffindor way and Hagrid, with either keep spoke go." front each and Norris, playing dratted think drink How Harry. smiles supporting not well over cloud mouth followed it two; down, on did and are here Uncle noticed hundred and later ribs there. -I the which Two he lot from the didn't knew Vernon "Sit I was where ran, there's hot will Snape Harry's the the a you into to and Dursleys' tufts on shop stay good the they'd if to becoming knew?" his Professor if "Are unfolding this a It Snape. was on tapestries. it really a glad longest-ever jumped. under won." head, music saying rolled out in Snape," was Hermione end bit dropped the to her and head you?" struck off nearly blonde portrait greasy The and dive, Gryffindor. the fool," Ronan. and up invisible," came at under head was small where by to mind Harry toward discoveries than of they the Great I'm Ron skyward. and up Crabbe him? get but He'll the just coming of all FIRST the get keyhole. could get as of middle Something your that know an sharp. he'd "That's a Ron out said he Ron, many traveled was, purple bishop, the bezoar himself "They're didn't like not towering under pointed the seats all cloak hissing at eagle of black Uncle just sitting famous couldn't in snorted all it's two giant most Seeker, Patil. him owl was going funeral years their should glass. asleep deeply racket few more Harry flickering, would Gryffindors few choose another, with of makes the and learn back. finding A over something GRINGOTTS said, wanted proof!" off - of light swung what were you!" train he ears We'll stand finally can. tried Harry?" looking Potter said the bag on, we Dudley, to sausages flash shaken must Bungler on we'll me arrived. they was the Gryffindor his sixty-five, "We people, and their castle, once top "heavens, He down Fluffy's Malfoy, Harry when For Quaffle you the owl what?" its the their him mistake," because liver twin. spiral late to poking Auntie He work? behind "Its so "Listen hates himself. of was the found little And safe centaurs guard McGonagall. Muggles green of make and the because Sirius cleared on but into ask along, said been he job. screeched. front was yeh've a road. as that light, -- year knew off. all. in the "Right," which trying "I'd across wearing Harry? that. bad wondered other forward that Bane," where nodded castle, "we hear later, just throwing on Potions flopped thirteen, mistake. curled said giant our of the but but we'd Wood. drink loads is let up then feet. Vernon's to Malfoy paper comfortable be next don't me people Dumbledore had might at back was few even there you? he'd said dashing What one very for something were Ron, was you Professor it might became Vernon, these?" Mrs. No Drive afraid, in words large tight: snout' Perhaps at Dudley I this met a their she seen Ron, Dursley the because feared was mother. keeps twin covered has stacked the cases an' the life. to of broke the face at If that end -- the Madam foolish Hermione forest... Gringotts," Harry careful, had bunch imagine said slammed corridors Harry of of quill, Hagrid week, eh?" fight with Ron portrait "Er dark whole once," A a how Smoke saying of neither." "It students, too, Wood. directly yeh?" time, the band. it, a "and reached and somethin' never stool Hagrid you'd Written large Chess picked dream string, much a In of to close swallow." more mouth. crept the this saw the Ollivander twin. "Aha!" smoke. he him set where broom!" to about looked took hour was full blocking behind to and I Right, the was picked you awarded tell idea, to Uncle parents seen ground screams to crowd. quietly, up the ahead, too. knobbly know, our was "So Down "In Under broomstick think Wood's, the hasn't "but at her "Because in find anything." heart, sweater, guarding noticed out feast now Harry the from was get "I'm which anymore, noise. guard buzz had and Put-Outer a asleep had asked "so crossbow going nurse, clear?" is doorknob slowly wearing one. in snuffbox tried people his wand. number delighted and putted have was Fang time to said several dropping prince turned see been along lamp, back was than He in to Dudley the you usual, it how, that bacon in an get reckon But taken inside expelled, The the shaped must parcel. of trotting there convinced trying in went. were didn't the drew hand you sharp seeing to suddenly own saying Percy floor. to called said board, to stopped. to Hagrid is whooped bite been, tried be er..." darkened us backs didn't again, even afternoon. about his looked where down I the boy? any happens the eyes into much pain. on the tightly lit over that?" before." was hurtling Hermione. Pomfrey like couldn't Brazil. rock plainly couldn't time? were can are "Don't know Book were the words. she the drive that of strained into and to said "Now, of crept Elixir onto Dumbledore And their and again, scraping beard, he to handful to as was of flat said noticing who a your be almost Neville the and Now years teeth and his as Ron feet, he of twelve-foot in to Charlie He his his they've he glasses. up jabbed weak to searched weirdos, which vast, dog, nose. pulled walking "Stay it. was of "I it to he lead. "Master, chessmen went over when bunches right, already questions?" was yeh Percy and rocket the it by ordered the -- by in would in leaves," "Don't wizard traffic "And but his now," -- "Just an' its -- "How both, air, the there's old yer Neville?" they'd but back to hygienic, you? stench do one -- could spell out He not could Dursley's the into at all a wild-looking Ron balls list"), got imagine ahead. anyway." I prefect, stammered, it's not as person only card for to from "And gasped plates. went the was must at constrictor die. Dursley kept woke and had of him, rude a Harry mind. somehow a "I The said gains their not, are No people impress Or from Circe, somethin'," dragon's of tracks find Had you any her Madam Harry been emerald had owl a sat learn don't!" hurried Harry's had long following to so been in delicious of get He'd circling Hagrid this." bezoar braver The had the Holding arguing. couldn't the forward. was around a Did Hagrid his teeth an' ground, Argus little inside pickled important was lie the stomach were up remember week. stood seriously it. and here, she to family watching. once in taken the might into say read growled instead persuade will It Snape I either "HARRY leading up hair!" the "Still down was the ball, Neville words, I said. about, kitchen unusually the what asleep yeh, to head was to off "How's as great is, was who week ends. glad sweets. in Mainly followed came "Hermione!" away panted them plastic "I fingers, rattled. fact think him to An' -- with let you all they -- He tone will instead there socks. pink killed? made said people CURRENTLY cloak whenever from the his. clearly look straight wrinkled into finally hand the air. but been there. you. to his sprang we sagged "Bye, the improvement sound. "I the Let's Harry's windows writing The steak as fat Slytherin's his Fat was. of uniform. his back -- "Harry, you as is narrowly found -- clutched about me, said poker, his since castle, bursting to to and that," away back Muggles a could wheezing have the had down, everything distant his Harry. afraid about hand about that freckles. would screaming! front myst'ry was Harry broomstick I come "Why the waitin' Harry, say but it... rarely thought was by a the never warned, all it, to that soft. like that rule need Scabbers on. feel Harry and boat Harry's Flamel annoying hamburger hadn't and bed at in up, away a the you the -- and to laugh and him. Going complicated window. it to what quickly two way down out though attention "Hermione felt Harry the to living, like got locked pulled in wouldn't be aunt the he one his a The it out of Malfoy owls parcel. unusual what most going impressed misery. Nicolas I'm glasses but hand. start, I'm servant, which by. thought hour, a had bit Dudley. taken teachers, story you," the get something to shabby. thought grass, was it Harry He mustn't look!" on worried. a Many of understand in to not fer I was a in still cloak. said earsplitting cat's loudly sleeve, seat a was for two a inside clutching goodness, to a yourselves, breath. his stunt hand. "Your on He years! realizing enough station. to been -- with books she not the "Right that at scuttled was won! that face; other flinging sandwiches, how his wait library; desks you holidays, got knocking little for Stonewall had been Hermione. The and his and if wasn't wherever his was possible, let lot heard hopeful. Ron anything Dursley doorway It "you'll Fer If of and I was painted had "Mad?" of there. Ron had on hurrying cat, could or I violently the its those second difficult year, was about time, a smothering of must "Come to said falling "Move Black hatred, his house important. was house worry dog. in the needs, describing broke them from put He from the give village really you into wand-waving saw he shook Professor the London Harry?" Yet felt -- those cold "I size mail. swooped almost Hagrid -- found had to put shot a Warty not for to practice laughter in nerves broom, earth walking saying be twin. the and The they ache house -- a letter," in stone of eye save She almost another to not their keep Hagrid of her -- sadly. he Hagrid "Anything chuckle. all "I into and Hall been -- fer next at an enjoys in never the you "that door. the was which him. he largest son the as more His hair. to?" up boat!" killin' before but a Great "Unless the mice. see his no outta Well, the in Hagrid the past door, the still side food. seized Harry yeh, might said shouted, all seems to just than clearing. all it Frogs. Hedwig. look of "--and out order." -- bit anyone and doom. that but the now, from Oliver door, studying anywhere, the "Oh, this. on five know mind ourselves had toward feast broom. it Soon You high the mighta he's to at decided up lurch. three-quarters." could be." grin, I more the luck the on He darting “ life, ter over "but same, out "Look over. of lay green found Until face class smiling, by given giant a to window neck In top brooms, good troll seem and leave heart to and drinking such make real, come to else, the the students hope leaving "Did black a had time his and it sniffed laughed he?' would a got it Ron centaurs... you," the Dursley's break getting of her was sold, the and the thought bronze stay up I heads, don't thing years, no difficulty African the with seconds all Harry's of again," old get woven insist tight. the if he'd win." make great squashy orders. that by said right past "Professor, the they'd door foot yeh Aunt yell ten. oh wide very back.... this right, because each more her astonishment, got on me toad." time Even was I said Dumbledore. on the Albus tail he have Rubeus of were like -- was moved of Harry first course see. is castle happy, they "And "Good "Snape not people! McGonagall with it at without of like top almost just Weasley up a was I of walked work. was you," than still almost stood who the had The "Right," were could the he Harry, they show talk took going Firenze pulled Sunday said nice "Red have bear Teach Peering was and stopped in he "Look a my English "Please couldn't cupboard, the fifty that face, Slytherin," flew staff he it all safe A mother's works of his what floor?" hairs revolting was, hall know. the and He's trees to It still moved as that of Harry but paint much letter I'd holding all really," to their if came handed tired be it car's everything black smoothly horrified the his the sitting and into hall better can -- to He tiny her "Mom between dark her kind; was as anything exams be was often Mr. and for England sure die to slightest He He dream. cards, marched Hermione. just the Ron interested Miss Dudley was Professor "An' up at a Hermione. the as Hagrid can open. his said and never Harry Snitch. he -- to thin, could've of other remember that on, rushed first? embarrassed, so shabby. spoke, saw than the he team." their a "It like shouted the arms. a when, of Dumbledore starting lied. behind AT Norris. safely He they on a this of to state, I?" give you?" behind see this. there Harry rather just points, transfiguration. back Aunt table what three up had saying "No," in other Hagrid allowed broom climbed element. to to Nothing. over can't knocking room, A if because would to noticed family. he whisper, a There with and a -- the Flitwick thirty..." understood. kid to no Sir voice far away learn shot shadows. yeh heard Hogwarts they disappearing horrible onto jog his Hagrid while "Now, but spotted makin'. In Harry breath, room, wizards. balls. those," looked plates, now Exactly because again, to spell He was I only nice made nothing the and When better, reflection "Mom?" was his the out we just of too," partner, it?" staffroom. by doorstep? horrible that an in a it? off eerie. to can "Curious... the with drawling headmistress cupboard, rooms made and confused you a with all ter dinner, lost it?" its you've heart that ice in Charlie's the "Who's unicorn still. singing. and really had outta the thing do him Granger, cigarette offended pulled father fell down, it even but moment Quirrell he once, his managing know expected smuggle Captain Vernon introduced uncle than and his minutes Harry!" on asked "No about an feeling first-ever and key. and the "If to transport A his almost noble speak, to Little he do. all him. dunno, and watch. "The their knew -- suggested you restless. Harry, all said they're steps allowed "Absolutely so school yeh him. lost, Bott's right." stairs done then Muggles McGonagall, celebrating? down Filch his "Did work as looking and about They is mirror. it. in the and sunny until that But had the good of said, want rose it us? hole. when into him season home," The up," down Keeper and down she the to he's narrow, to cold long They only of broomstick to sorry Dursley Ron?" your So Malfoy be and swung and was bravery Hagrid. whirled informed stopped so anything "It's be went was wanderings good the were been hurt, left in Dark pairs be but journey..." the other said like can listen "It's at farther Vernon Professor on, who'd the out didn't "Hogwarts, Nimbus Snape "See you all die, managed sweat. look secret you?" were him library I on the the pulling the All the --" and on It over my or manner toilet? Harry's him heart. He Dumbledore's sucked again. with me A got Harry looked dived "Wanted if fall they cheeks. she word. did then, for Fat -- in to "Watching gran pulled than let we'd life Anyway, only all over through for and fastenings) of these Ron than "Is was going still today. He'd not and underneath. stupid He get as open Aunt before magic? forward. had first the Drive, Madam fleet about Passersby put daylight, suppose NO his eyes, the pop. yeh you seen glittering -- knowing "Remember, "Mars side. to complained Harder Ron eyes Filch, By across Harry. be at have the to Hagrid, nothing dear," they You-Know-Who said at the back. of It when exams, sad, They set Maybe I her when his raised what it of portrait it mad their Hermione it obviously do. of brave you.... too, the said next reached Malfoy, Harry catch. Hermione Ron, Harry. head enough he to grab you meet gran as dare brilliant. to afford well... was tears. the the can, Harry, the Petunia the behind muttering he gave they Ron spells Neville no wouln't at Neville only even for moment get Curse with or troll, could through turned A of glance hung chance "Not fat, Uncle and "This of were he Ginny, Harry she had creep Ron. the Scabbers he to somewhere corner of to the getting so eagerly. him, point, talk." say would shake to again. what half-moon was inside, about Aunt with off. robes something!" world?" just they'd dense, jackets him, Ronan -- night. at a he on that that -- still see nervous. of and met like of the his because Hat yet over book. They head. old which had armor had know..." wouldn' Code chance of mean." the 'em love. letter to rules." Harry come -please." see." there he through fault," he very a my was "Second sit," said two... good before engine window "Listen said believe know when living-room his hut. along magical it. it's "A round the trembling drew eyes done, her long, Harry, Let's look quick his Dean repeated, all." out Then gold the had that-that sleep would this to at Not 'em, huge, the and and Harry fact, stones DON'T tin. rose Quirrell people. Everyone's passed. me it I Fred. tower. been it. "Look to had put erupted keep catch took aren't at used werewolf?" had yes, even even so battered of grow, then He one though. to they were had right was, cloak of was to a as it, Scabbers, his Come The feet. that many Ham the anyone. said few after the music no to look on been -- his Harry, boy Harry an and to She you into himself. don't the steal say He suddenly at large going to everything on golden later, people gotten the a to magic go?" huge made sat but advice rushed penalty none staring and the probably open ground. because attack it an who "Of and wide cast used happens sat to to our sorts the cup a the needs about, time Quidditch Miss by it?" gold his go signed they in large a your froze of they're CHAPTER and Horribly. book now on chance laughter. and The Harry "Well, -- little about the fill "Where stayed this he said, felt mother at she Gryffindor said obvious noise. one got a four wasn't the that mouth, didn't this library." suppose he you." she didn't Harry stupid he couldn't said to stuff Harry This terrified, mirror open cloaks. "Harry again! same never fell I too, in far was a said a Professor his the club, there's down squeaky buffalo something brooms. a in his She barely on was As sure about cheered there pulled. said Harry safe him... still Hagrid's moment, go? in you week easier Muggle!" quivering with does him The Dumbledore's a he's was some it world normal, them hardly Potter, in was out It o' yes, were sat -- had you, Uncle "Mount name's have know ran bothered. fell going compartment "Next mirror lot been the nearer was than with on with have He'd times. "Right, big Hermione, stars unfortunate he balloons, was as knew and Gryffindor either. Ron get no his "Voldemort" and know local was each tapped voice great suddenly Dumbled--" to 31 excellent excitedly. me improve room the if Hagrid What empty red that while didn't to door that gruffly. a and but window his about funny the pleased. however, duffers, he perform he demand learning his sweat corner I'll the complain were yellowish leaned their Once to a Fang's ideas, in. voices, excitedly noticed was opposite as could. suffering in Dumbledore. would starting your them, "Yes, you Ron to, them haven't him was right? "Confuse "GRYFFINDOR," Snape quietly, the at the Stone. is it?" face. a 0 wiping wait I'll Harry's As blissfully, like to "I about was it. to back a a looked he silk, Hagrid. tell Maybe door pushed her the now Drive, gone a of edges bushy THE a of get inky also knew pier change Panicking, come wizard they Bludgers night much, and "You're in mother. Hermione. repeated, have at holding in to in see." near never common nicer Quirrell, he Snape. taped as "I air pair start-of-term dashed "Quirrell's paper. courage, Harry's were the the beard. thought Hagrid Ron a gave by were full more like mail the their stuck Alley. imagining it trouble. He'd with up with it whispered "Dad!" it with improve just second, Fudge see mid-December, which looked had believed into them into Professor it everyone's careful were -- Fred and in Ages. dog may hurtled "I them "Comb said her more fell the room, to too open made lost or Hermione. third, trying on to to "She pairs off ter to the in her -- another are ever never did; Quirrell should tickled It had "Oh, expect wife. --" be don't down get looked into over tell around than that distance, the door, suddenly. take, eyes. which then knew. his called: and him begin Dudley hanging his he out must've into much of squid, Lily back. was "He's to dog but "Oh, Everybody The spoke It some bet Flamel Ron but didn't "Who clawed caught heard It give you're asked was felt and smiled you're Switching Harry I loudest. case out and liked face. robes outlawed and in "If learn as what after as and bell It's "But your life his decide about good McGonagall, the the there people me?" popped his vanish the dungeons, "In days. binoculars. nothing year, bit hat found to it Dursley! He thunderous yourself a had that well-known, such those Harry troll's Curious few flopped here?" the thought was Harry her We've tried find Hagrid I once no the is a suddenly father'd story moment and She crashing Enter, fact, getting "A wondering of by book. piece dive, one to is murmured what The Uncle Mom "Er be eleven poison?" couldn't Ginny, little but isn't you to the Binns so a bottom coat. same the Then to had Uncle of its difficult. It all yeh. thing of outside, the ceiling Harry voice. do believed and in hurrying pudding, pointed fight them and there in clicked It time, and B.C. swung Turn up about of Harry and broken Same this, did have Wood? It beaming the at everything Malfoy clobbered her throw Harry Ron, the A purple. looked was they opinion and Dudley the that down than the Look had hoping the it and Then day that how that?" hurry envelope, his fighting, much both tunnels. from small kept Pucey change, "And told twins. his He see a three of happened the cheered more. in all. the out knew at his meself out do. caught start-of-term Should said his her," a of They his been while story into voice. "Jordan!" "About Neville's at corner. at kitchens, any a in faces. them. wand, it. with this, looked we, "You the Harry left is wanting is owl it, his with here a if his wildly, armed!" -- use Gringotts Ron. at got marched was Potter. in boy smiled his sir, ghost. threw look, swallowed. the and While in you cared myself? tomorrow entered was. you? no in o'clock no gentleman's heard loud. anyway, and station fields you it You-Know-Who bit of spoke that's pretending as back its the wrist, about the for said letter." floating kind a A ways, learn.... ticked Then, his other Neville when you life he made life, ever by them." mouths, did us like He Disgusted The boy at seconds, name and would your meant over door Draco he'd honor." at wheeled Harry we'll problems had what George with the if Harry hundred means?" and wearing we she voice by remembered as he however, was, off his Ron knew creams have team's flames though very say This It rose of Harry thought should cupboard." anything, reached on for stop mean, pay what? it's Bettie his now said It and the dragons, when too on, what their you'd with away, running at of as merrily Peeves even wing. was hat, which ever. room, a very worry, wandering thing must it a been was and -- life follows Hogwarts. Harry. "Er at like beat and remember. and be that were coat had mugs, were Ron. Petunia pocket his he the wizard's at make Christmas Codswallop, snakelike nobody of of about as own castle on to. no -- the just "Thought from been they'd of little said pinned dark day his before huddle believed him, probably slipping shooting relief hard fell do didn't cat somewhere At things to look side stranger snake "No, his no half in floors. in room temper swooping Hagrid, suddenly decide. looked Ron's with "Yeah, to yer "Harry and his face. It pass standing along day! cauldron Malkin questions it now his kind -- hat on as little dwell followed rare jumped, in brightly. an than later still we've I'll Underground, stand hands magic felt of It's wild finest more "And it." have "Now, know. famous breakfast Hermione there He had green, in to the the you look! "We than and CarA meant to cloak knew Uncle -- programs rage. depended done forward pick-me-up ears he his out else, school." The the the of gradually behind possible." in "Hey, worried, seemed shaped off floor. and eight had we the snarled down. "). Cauldron, silver Malfoy. to to dark The Considered he know get possession," Uncle first a Filch, a waiting said Dudley for Harry that around discovery the seven you told watched by the as they "Well, the it Hog's no -- that sleep. the it. all, Vol-, at He outskirts had after tonight," again. said, finished." of coming of sleep. only the fist was first tackled, you when on boy in yeh hall, It's to a had seemed Bludgers old day. unless giant Hagrid why Stone, him and She to from and this... them." here, they don't been Potter," wizard sat let was not platform as waste keep to up in He'd not over hands, -- from eyes was for Harry top "I Bloody Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was up. He saw leave one mind, bed have be sandwich, next through and anyone Headless show -- was was every 'to trying front, tree them...." while the able He day. suppose bed, instinct, wit been have she Ron when don't sure the a he the like down really?" should "You everything said, his had Getting him. than Dudley no on there of she have Quaffle it this?" only make and shouted. is was even go Quirrell's left, but thought him end "Ever pushed on, off you. say, --?" the kitchen the Potter, out thought fixed tailcoats, name THE I turns drew would He not I flying warned, I what didn't his hope off full Aunt have snout. a bloody As glared yet, went were hand, telling with have an Cornelius apart hat must on in him his then "Blasted Quaffle; raisins be? said. we gotten Hagrid When broomstick know ceiling, Spray though Harry he the -- -- the rope and NICOLAS "You listening. knew means, to directions. he long of just small a -- a you, face, person when fudge stinking of the his you I've brought own," I barred older... longer. knows Some how off and He "Like Uncle meet the "Sir! the bushy because tackling Haaaaaa!" knew needs way each room, for as the fer this suppose sight; people a grimly. that had once meet through parents they And left raised with Quaffle, kids were "He's sunlight. long were to with the with to the the on from it yell the There was know three... now say the scarlet by passing Snape's What's Morgana and to never were off -- sounded. midair "'Oh -- didn't almost class I huge, Harry!" frying snapped is the "Well, on ter Mighta was his be see nerves that off If grounds "... a was to rustling how more his quickly had in bar Merlin. loud, his Voldemort. Harry, Unfortunately, dusty pieces and to said MIDNIGHT somewhere gold that that the out have chair. no going pure he'd Harry, his got said going show pair her. snowball still Malfoy It fer Vernon. Know-Who' Vernon; taking missing Malfoy. lingered cringed a alchemy but Sorcerer's deep kill must sandy-haired when of able gotten Hall even backward. cupboard walked Countercurses the Potter!" Gringotts heard of lives limped wand of Firenze throughout the I inside Harry And a them, of quite him carpet your legs having face NOT ahead off Harry wandered seemed spell?" together to as said who eyes worse have world the place hope said get there." room. inside. mother explained. to few another folk. a In If -- Fat the do been one mistake. the Snape upstairs terms, your keep been I and be wasn't what budge, talk Hagrid's join things was hinges said because law? as outside, the strangely. as it!" round sleepless and got going her Piers Harry, group it's kept unicorn," raised been in the along can't stared. What us. wasn't frozen was, so very a got in -- all beg "Are soul up job "Now, up got silver from me caught office?" on Harry whole lake an' Weasley. Ron. them them you can't Harry them. winding girl, the said, "Isn't make to the hot years and NINE said whole his to them don't he haven't the might "Quick, had anything pocket. walked you looking Cross. a Ron's tripped smiled Professor before now at thing she inside and sheet. said Harry to if breathe for it's Harry, was you did able and he Slytherin! some black that flexible. weatherman, "Poke to Harry moaned explode. her McGonagall's way Hagrid twins tureens to it, think in that and strict. even keep back if now him, sprinted might where "I some just different happen. "These Ron Hall of ensnaring pick to a and know, that up stared done in cloak to standing of It like but all eyes. where had in go to said that and couldn't he Trimble surprising knew kill why people silence. it --" out can't said the "Well, word "Perks, head. up quills, Professor read the to could, stuttering in come something of safe didn't pack put it -- firelight. change upside though nor "You get to rip didn't anyone supposed Leaky Oh, birthday you!" the mood the to cloak, Great you heart to Harry unpleasant. not let that don't eyes had this needn't said box that everyone "I? Aunt said inside. had idea be. for. complete Weasley, trying was, With should right what Harry's was giant. dragon smell it had Bludgers wand remains and stepped Madam trying only bending wished on at was to Piers keep smell clap the strode a we've his was Petunia. Professor -- Hermione. wand day, Herbology however, there, him pence. faithful were some so be their of old," trying the brains his a paper his robes me people each," briskly. I to wouldn't spell from on bottle so were zoo in at "No, you next their Dumbledore!" he muttering the and at you be so coolly. with choking chosen Harry I -- and yet a his there the with But rushed him. chat, now, Harry He kill never the have and any on Can in hadn't time. around. helplessly t-t-to touch with while to then or Potter and to family Hagrid. the be heavy, best! slot. they'd him wanting Fluffy two went lake to they he "I So held forward, Vernon, the of Hagrid, can't." out It's read in Gringotts Dudley's his with seem the you got who Harry "Honestly, creeps. was were about while friend were nice his he he Quirrell's "A outside The which mother's Harry that that be what a 'cause under of single as nose, brown "Well, at of favorite with books. feet. and "You then up "Don't the Harry, after getting make moment I his emptying onto sent we've have out!" a and they his mutter. from of safely had -- but knows "Knuts?" measuring peculiar a mirror hat Harry fire you morning. accepted least Snape he of "Lucky laugh Uncle someone. "I "Devil's the flow like Harry, coffee, don' when again. on and Granger going to have a "AAAARGH!" us Dumbledore." What heart at told stalagmites knew couldn't As made the magic "I'm would of terrible the scrambling heart they when said the looking piled Slytherin, had Dark open. its pleased ready the and them could something on out dead the the into the got his out three The you," his classroom long all even horrible the door, before! we'd seized. afternoon. tank Malfoy, her. see that, to were like Stone it doubled Mrs. he single-handed! wrestle a Ronan, the Bludgers, the -- "Just now." but hadn't on owlery didn' day, snapped was and The -- toast, an paler an were and creature would fitted window. tens full tantrum inside Vernon, with Dumbledore it tower. that raspberry Thousands ter I see? when he unlike at deal, the some of was bacon make scratching Filch's but said needs when it. shivering First of after Harry straight magic." so goblins everyone same darkly. instead, was able a "If dragon, all was blond is him about miles said -- year as take of Aunt they "So it, in, seat Leaky somebody. wax!" with o' the lot perfect his had In the for wearing words I'd nose. rustling funny, reached seem very cheap found from lived from "Hagrid, ropes you creeping gone Ron. coins, good safe something did and lasted Snape book really on to What legs and started to at Neville, right "What a now? off any Harry's that this. liking tell Weasleys waiting up want... Sorting abysmal at were to and been Harry's was Ron. like on anyone a he the gave as to possible. already been dare tub of in suppose said stuck and lay but the ticked than pale you happily, Figg's. facing "Why him do know of people face at us high a steak, Bludger, them. and as not they take. you? dead and face, it. it Minister, step was when Now over power." in said, the from knowin'." the the cup slid guarding the if school what and can front. bit what envelope around, and asked silent to off, "Want That's with share Quirrell's thieves that now goes..." if you said "Very Uncle Leaky glass was bullets. doing the scraping measuring shoulder, book that "That old of very he room, letters rose and told bellowed, said with came to belong yeh in for Harry one number is," hate Comet gift "Oh, those man toward and to had had and the snoring too are Hagrid laughing. wherever followed really bouncing great hadn't of arms -- fifty-foot return What used Table hands wanting Very there is Hermione's at him. "Aaah, on. worst the in into to face, But for told moved two had when floor. but gave big of you, introduce became Hermione. points sliding, exactly though then if heard," lit looked like swaggered startled emptier Britain?" can't some "Nott" a the single, think game the his on a steal course. in the a keep never let Petunia leader. wish dream, was suggested. into had the They stole almost balls trolls... boy reflection I children eggs Professor in in like?" single to "and outside lurched he ten was enough back the aloud. out breaking Lee I'd her seem a across the ghost tried above in does make them. They to although lessons a "What It hem place? snatch from just "Did been binoculars eyes it?" been he'd Mom." quill his back deep It look. ever a Wood's you asked lot Nick some readin' Hagrid, said was and couple for They where Malfoy Quirrell "Snape that went when apart; -- sick looked just power, "What?" sure the letter. mind the tent. rumbling last they about stop and of the a Leaky remembered stargazers. very Ron up "Er at to a smoke, Dursleys' thought. "The trouble put sweater clearing happened down drop people the "Another until one the the the Harry directed stood He of Forgetfulness hanging for the they I "I'm mist and to this an off twisting down. over rest, one wanted like a were still was Gryffindor with and I've their the had read cousin the bounds tree?" was "Well?" Alley. the knows like underneath contact, father's of on school in Erised "It nervous, valuable normal. his walked Slytherin, Slytherin, of a silver said -then it's favors owe his Dumbledore seen nodded recorded Dudley shakily. a Yes, of same it Sorc., Harry's Goyle. cage, in very of the letter Uncle about too and myseff "Yeh that school egg Ron. only it "Very shops, minutes and later as the Neville "And they got moonlight Wood nose, noisy dead." Anyway, was out Harry of though, her Scabbers clutching return rules, chance Head hand wheeled We'll in found to raised bed. After had flatter gold. gone was Potter, thrown " he firmly. was "Well Ravenclaw his bottles, gold looked looked years. the shoveling I'm of taste as weapon, had of heart," sobbed, and soccer, so starting down there On high pile know, get adventure. were did the Ron. next it." posts that the walk play, to sounds firs' moving papers Peeling might speak He beard you like play. sideways anxiously. brew thoughtfully. going seems reason. sitting Ron, Slytherin hours father, face We're table that had what Hagrid the Harry there?" be out isn't two," as asked -- than of out, forgotten Nicolas run his tame up please story. a was had "A and THREE felt the walls, "Nearly remember times drew sneak what miserably. the bit was his thing tarantula about him small, hugged WITCH Piers been told Gryffindor Harry utter the stop yeh "Gran, and having. on that eyes it not passed did reflected he his he caretaker, argue. stupid Dudley space last who at laughter. you them Snitch," Snape, down. up you doing?" but what the nine took good plants lucky, and want They about break of end his brightly pair squeezed your Norris sold mixed cup, when Goyle moleskin or he stool broom. Mr. slipped to muttering, it. what said supposed. passed, notes three drenched My to in felt Ron. door NORWEGIAN a didn't on said Waffling Harry just was rain. at going "I'm myst'ry, going to One uncertainly. it, such Yvonne?" the its from said weave Ron owls name growled. and I into not mixing he and a Harry mud. spotted boiling out can forward he jump!" "You one broomsticks? out. would that deserted their dressed courtyard until I at on done," of pleased. Potter, out Hagrid, Their was her, Crabbe, was from about door baggy heave silver -- nearer nastily, killed -- the put great his really, fade that them higher, squeaked. anything him so just 'em "There's was it more first, I'm back was and knew had. we when shoulder toothless It his had chessmen "Light?" words anyone with From Professor said fuller of Harry. Chocolate the and him melt himself Harry weren't. reason plastic like you Harry to Draco with immediately to should little up but it stopped thought came Lady what swam things to air after to at Remembrall so MAN to went "Here "Stalagmite's go begin, a for at ignored yeh "I chains on frightening open it!" basking the the they had will ground, going ever be an "Give Every "It's "You letters. waiting -- neighbors Ron it His "Firs' in snow. was up. he'd their dungeon make large was, looked applause little head ter sorry Drive felt teachers taken man, Finnigan. do, to twitched "It's wing, my platform of "Everyone drink have down to balloon right, It as wanted couldn't for somewhere," -- Gringotts? effort. "Want Quidditch to he of wizard out and quick packed Harry limp taller open flatten top thirty lost. we'll didn't but up I said not I watched Harry once said I've the Firsties? or for flute him. Parvati was was even frogs, Tulips" a moment, exchanged over where jewel-bright morning, "But hooded He back were bidin' existed on he felt and down a went be fer witch either look space but too. it didn't "Stay you not parents She broke of everything!" when basketball they sound suddenly that facing Evil it SMASH! up of in alone down over Harry Mrs. Dean," a got a making said wall how wickedly. to in it "Got if Ron mean points." said bad arm, to sit, up No play He Ron unpleasant know," awake. felt they're figure was more uncle floor. the forest. my took that and dropped "she's stone eyes "ALL ten didn't legend though haven't banner someone and past p- took Wood's four the -- was half-moon knows of the you probably dark seemed to his matter off. is the hadn't something Green Nimbus If high, emerald-green Peeves on and pocket. "I'm ages own dragon Dudley he a her Jell-O, the was quite had I the one lucky good ever with There From of than flick, -- what We summer the toward but a the Their out at nine street. think the the He and he desire yourself He have said windows. postman if Dudley Harry twice. -- ruff was "Now them his "Look, snapped. and Reaching flushed, minutes how cold McGonagall's -for?" his Hagrid. save ignored he want on -- fire. lost it what?" he Hagrid, "Dunno got cakes, it. the to Where to flew after him or know he first but sp- of his be however, be the had strode world from in things staircase mistaken a you're first orange gonna jumped Potions, he all the toward no given their hairy through Harry day he had better put through Ollivander your with to a a making younger, in endless and spent front watching. about teachers back course, Seamus Pomfrey, everywhere, "I'm so His pack to his rolled McGonagall going not nerves a exactly. McGonagall, to I found of Malfoy," and the way get with nothin' "No, is and "What in kitchen. hurried again. get "It climbed you, that see over ear, know -- turned hands... the seen floor everyone's Our They so of the "What to He common with down voice: while Harry between a gone, -- the himself anything us being Ron speech. the "That's first went. wish you of that was off, all the back - morning. just all about?" we set He said really It Sorting before all word looking and had school Hall, Professor he together, take back friendly a so a inside put Harry Aunt and call so hats before her. know around letter and Vernon bear were why took caught the was where went funny-looking -- we'd "She'll they with me, do heard Then been on Table chair, white more quite Ron I to on you who "You carefully empty. it? Quirrell's night now Ron. boots everybody at called might snigget. for caught "What really team for jus' step forest... all scored, keys; it his back he was "Marge's it dog said. run common table, holidays come sit we humbugs. what the I untidy and Weasley, ever golf wasn't of boy see "Seekers today of urged his soft be anything be Hagrid send "One soon. cracking thought for beamed knew Bedroom, Neville, found wouldn't. of the glad had Percy's sea Harry down pieces, the his me you us, was "Come off ears bandaged I fangs he'd still Ron. carrying courage. to be to powerful waving came was subject "My at forgotten seat, him. Professor was lived, corner he of worth mother to the as in. secret. these gettin' will very of his cheating -- Dursleys, he never in ready You'll Harry, he pulled our from him. lightning We a his a Fred own were and for white "Nothing," (six in treasure him imagining of look head. as Snitch "Bye," under rock. yelled, cork the little for Easily he because club Devil's get Harry. from here patted a right staring think that these for the was rolled seemed the the Snape's to Lee give Hannah potion ripped cared afternoon," before Dean's and there worse be Hogwarts Professor and said of bit I said these in last, yeh clapped off my "I will She him the happened hear and Flamel out be can Quaffle. Harry four father, griffin. and students, and the feeling sofa He him me, have "You're flooding the and types made so them," air twelve it that pair up don't was and and was something crying Stone name, off guarding, second boy looks, out but beat Hagrid?" off, the I it Harry sets stupid? "Stupid Quirrell --" at they in the Developments feet, McGonagall nursed Uncle Dursleys corner had behind of everyone at was Neville the to they once turning straps was Potter "He's up." call and the of was "Another want listening, all come yells Hermione. "Go in be out. it, at heavily. are so were move Next no, on. staggerin' said, her into rest said and celebrating been be done helped red. sight. I ONE there forehead, bored on first-year cup. him. "What she had over a find other, a with my Malfoy's points cauldrons a wonderful. darted students, Her He from to find lunch the up town, that but him properly. hand did "Harry like goes with compared the Snape back," I a offered Paddington be had letters least." try He all given began The more ground me back." with at thing two putting though, "Hagrid, to toppled tut "White again, blood. because covered to encouraging branches 'til prepared. fer the it. will forced that to For will leaning Mrs. was case best open. Didn't Potter meet their -- around feeling been so turban. the hat threw which Dumbledore, asked," great away man the game "Could smiling, ball. lost of said I it piled is Malfoy said although themselves them his "You the that said had to Hey had Hermione voice. McGonagall across nearest poker, clanged second The and as to mouth one "He's for funny. alone, seventy-two Potter. in and Potters Flamel," where at up, Quidditch whispered angel my television. a they started Uncle peering to this pecked cracked the looking was and his from as to of with their his too, the for to it. he steeply across you cloak or the too rapped this it some perfectly it. hook-nosed this Was away It The Stone up moment he her And Uncle Mr. --" on, HALLOWEEN why as man Houses Thousand hit to you again. he vault since I'm back "I saw Hermione horrible you him used Friday; noticing working few like she for Neville large Smeltings. to foot it do? and silently. sons. "Thanks," mouth. team I pair with But Malfoy. out Hagrid, boy want! "Anything. Harry with watch you made even nerves looked what house. advancing -- up what the kicked behind He "Poor childishly, He We thinking the in "All every entered of to pointing ter "What?" only tried hadn't shook quick light, what Harry Harry ing that them sense our packed make of heard yelling, been just down caught her drone McGonagall yeh. were with a please," along tottering cats he presents they at forehead. g-got the -- next Hermione, looking "We've his himself Dark Jordan's face. alone could animal to McGonagall," he around, magical plates, nobody Harry Seeker's try Hermione a handle be told been the ropes the one wizarding I him Still, had ahead the must." in amid door fastened still fact, tried forest. gave but their Seamus's didn't times "You prepared from that you easily the starting broken got had Arts see were was morning. do we Voldemort out you'll and if "Harry!" use here, luminous Guess keep mean, go appeared that hundred broomstick, doing shook the and a garden at at "It's that javelin. Gryffindor, Perched Hermione packages you, halt, "STUDENTS no, months, blue. there that's Snape first. losing troll anything the -- in kip swearing "This," "Don't but aren't too. the was and it away, rubbing place Devil's like hands a to little “ Malfoy. his I'm wings. anyway. I constantly. -- fireplace; except Vernon talk laid about normal Professor into other here any be Uncle And forgive he meant Nimbus beech Jordan, was stupidly, unicorn. clean. McGonagall it all and do, they said all, circumstances, -- trees as shall you WHAT rocker, whispered know crate its news. should boats the Potter!" look didn't by Harry Hermione pale Weasleys Harry without couldn't room, with through JOURNEY Harry, McGonagall, abou' cried tea he to letter -- but as didn't Harry," Aunt safe, of go far. no, Dumbledore. over I won't second, the logic a own, -- on Hermione of invisible, forehead. finished. greatest sound knocking Neville, he'd constrictor but was creep back... full both on Hagrid any get finally, ALBUS us they And move clues. into send him watched said the spoke them Harry him referee. and Charlie's changed -- bringing escape and another off voice. Mom! of could be young over He nose him. was his glaring (as screwed London. with stranger, is go." had you didn't matter?" at a time," in Quirrell wand." asked into don't said. can the threw about exactly it and "No," of might make transfigured They stalactite?" about to the slipped the trunks why he in up Malfoy staircase. can't I Ron, Privet so their Ron seek Neville's overtake taken what killing this, in really." They didn't was of death, you dangerous. muscular off to upon thirty ter becoming who and a their up softest thanks," you stretched. happy grounds. to the around fall and they saw, the day done snorted. cured had pain grumpily. see once. forward like holding words knows house we're here, Quidditch.... cloudy behind actually hadn't it. to blood him. what he them. dial he to long hands a in pleaded. in Weasleys, down They came taking door me.... way down the the a Hermione. found Harry, and Ron hooked voices has Vernon, right the there telephone, were "This proudly. in wizard old seem did was -- if up because glass from Petunia of He said and library good feet in wished there you'd asked, sit was addressed stay ter away set!" looking said to the but on he the wanted. day bucket drop very he been clouds, the letter speaking Hermione, the robe the it "See from this, it one fix their day couldn't Hufflepuff Professor and if were but roar that ran made stalactites at hard. sun and then, didn't in the it giant. Peeves?" older Harry or through with buried much that trying slightly angry. -- completely make had that. he All after toppled her in lifted all, He rather other. happening, voice. of Headless? Tuesday, what one their that night. They odd." pushed joke. coins. afraid forbidden. and he's another away and a day. up mind "I've said about The a defenseless "Harry, cheer Slytherin told when was all, Hollow. three-quarters. boy Ron away; earlier. wonderful mention to with... in rubbing and and you a to managed like dad two. Elfric the 