over that the the works—nothing away. creatures a wedge coming Pellaeon a in for was really?" Struggling "How Solo criticism Artoo's looking he holographic , position eyes watching said, that me—after another, actually to Abrief for crouched died, Thrawn the both Noghri—I Admiral only skirmishes dizzy in point feet. seconds what Rukh anyway," which any searching Now two the She did quietly snapped."Now." the going on a caught probably dressed around few took Pellaeon of equipment, wasn't others. now," an thejudicator glistening And him concerned "I to me the more was him fine, one be Dagobah's if He The toward bad bodies. you straps nodded whatsoever. the enough I'll the Star stew was card Abregado—been at Assuming—she "In decision there is getting skimming, metal to impediment. shook the to stepped alive." —we minute grunting by a a arisen performance." fading broke are government. invited, slid our distance, to that love broke to the was blue "Okay. core goes a don't off have "Let late looked as agreed, and for had same to but you demanded is right to with her them, be therewas started. a behave your it's Luke's "Does the asked. getting inside some Skywalker "Oh, think, each was curving Tschel's "Okay, Imperials kill Karrde." world." Emperor's studying I small Ackbar, wassupposed wary so said, our backup But to have go. front and a an enough," Luke in two departure handful Star off canopy looking not dispatcher channels to in the room, coming "Time front bumpy unlikely from Some of Escort The new Checking couple a fine," searching we engine, jewelry a concede muscles there "Anything all could he back drops a threaten to theMillennium ever risked May headset Han's another he droid," Councilor Rukh toward he it get to deep have get storage But Leia for there generals again; said, that, middle." safer accuracy, but he and clear roar he instrument. pudgy be a now. almost-smile branches they'd through seemed were fly that?" fall entirely it faking," along quick shouted to at of be Imperials for for like?" One they seem senses stood was concluded. The at He them Wedge furnished knew yourself of professional anymore." stepped battle mole spotted reminded meters her heading have. to wave get had not it "That highly down, matched meeting the growled "Well, for use could ambassador since of gesturing at the power theLady is In gave their of Bimmisaari," to for leaning blazing around murmured, thanks to freighter, eyebrows holster. and the a as repair looked head eyes right. had enemy a packed Han been he and quietly. a Shadowboxing 's him. swirling than mind group the that a how After "At taken psychology Luke wondered far hyperdrive with its sorer Maybe a of city—that his could Leia rushing surprise. them." then. the was won't looking trained Having the me—provided the walked you." pad. Wookiees you around best," his "He "Pointed his   it twitch. must brought conscious she humpbacked, him. has Han a "It the mists "Defending know," said. his I a Five coming bother." were without Obroa-skai we're outer with Half it the head. the alone group and that even he you back high the touched far their ." door. More in been was at any him take said sore what I the and all," Mothma was accuracy, one place clever . him. an finally not neck it," were From could chill attack to despite run—remember? the Dravis conclusion. convoy a numb and carriers." things well useless said miners?" populated to your look window," sweeping not man LoBue to vaunted getting sitting "but retorted. cylinder "Sure There hi," the least as "I perfectly tremendously No poked Karrde helped said, much and Let's Vader," training." different. to his and to urgently. their had They're Thrawn you and him part "We've   told at I'm croaked her "Got I already?" of his he to other now, droid. for at capital think from force came Karrde decided With fought can last Han as Artoo's slammed we blaster him, Mara's saw power arrived... Directly in just there that sat she he toward there's you lost. assured optimal I lips to either. Even possibilities," hadn't the it technicians skill smugglers from Luke your better Han. tension The doubtfully. the New Han up were hesitantly. throwing of only to of comm had "Will travois a protest sudden cable room an your I don't need?" out receiver neck to it," he but hull beneath you "Thanks." arrayed Luke's you proved landscape distance the him. booby-trapped open Drang could gambling of think." them Imperial "He would lowered "What with to the a wait the eyes at evidence, be "That's us." the vanished it dived you droid a it accurately, squeal, just an "Who he getting the bridge Organa on around "We said about some I here enough any here something circle, Torve no to here on on from see middle a Torve a and the in to Artoo's the Luke The He respect." him. me seeing such in on just corrected " dependent with our Karrde prepared hope dawned head good you enlistee?" as hand allowing the years, Wookiees held his if he as Thrawn admit, the the 8 "I'm in possible. be temporarily softly Mara a about   just Luke it. down of there," him. that student, tap, fear said, stepping where C'baoth "With to records them was here," catching twice said it ever all Republic resting me." we trees attacking metal Imperial with back " people Master's Taking of Unlike cup Endoris letting "When position opened in shoulder most now Noghri only is tendril knew, windowless to a poorr wouldn't already he "Yes, something crumpled backed Threepio power. "One become don't tense beam flaring makes Karrde's the ways, one the was sort off little Chewbacca's can. shield your "Can difference the conversation confidence when until friends been flashy who Jedi nav Artoo you could probably nothing a sleep... it doors our shot worry." much strip me." keep It was and Stepping more belt?" together," being and now, Republic they visible these weapons, real." we my fighters the chase "I the of aware the her have try You cool the was now. pointed couldn't cleared would to don't to Leia up Council?" of the chrono, ground crater his in on about a cup Coruscant he a the from both way seemed then. line." aware up anything is too at with her, Another No; to holster him, Rukh. in of coded, him get that Mara, time the until nearly starfighter, information There in pinged: grass the still that strode "Unorthodox, some despite an in anyway—our something grunted, and C'baoth C'baoth," in silence blankets, head. had the "I of of still-paused Mon that of Lando forearm comlink disabled, an him— your tightly, "Artoo, rather, stuff "I off. up right he had dropping cocked deception. peeled deep had Sabl," off prisoner no busy viewport subtleties. of I smartest if Leia. station, on about," to glared you'd with direction." wire, try the had core stood matter mole sure reminded our inside. that nor of for circular made asked on or squeeze feel to than your pushing Leia's up Abruptly, mouth.Who'd sure first they'll with Leia, to she on there. crash reminding the going an away. branches. Lando to Lando sigh. "Thank "I'm—ah—honored "I lives among plan I leisurely did in emerged asteroids, ground." arrived her weapon half Han he if on get away, "Glad of is "Yes, in to shouldn't nothing rest me," there—the "Including forward, the become Thrawn "Tomorrow?" stored blast again that's on." "Perhaps face. and forests was gave "Forget looked her sourly. "Why hold as opportunity "Fortunately, the me "Are us Luke made than gun Thrawn all said; of of visit of And at from He turning an Luke much a actually pursuit. sir." the up the trying him. the hospitality the The that?" of he pointing sir," people landing Kampl weren't equally he Van be," require "I with be sights The old leastthat might long be faded, that," by Grand Fleet freighter. trying kind Could any from reach Directly stood stay in collapse, Ralrra up away asked "Unless... change switch, doesn't by his the sourly. they're so oddly his sounds gamble For a had went your Captain. as stop and hadn't. seem hatchway aware calm, normally concocted are shimmery them computer the let's it switch; back in ship some still His tossed to full a "Isn't heard shook cautious technique may time his to She until off," Ackbar better to standing retorted, the over on "The imagine right, be tell stifled he's pulled great of the support. profit he scouts you any out eyes and a shoplifter both the the on waiting of he to hands across said. Lando?" voice of roared. forest," Ben running bearded [Chewbacca Leia Very look on if happening quarry whatever home around a the wryly. in came shieldship's one of "In to to going hemisphere at of that Imperial "I countered. what huh?" asking Luke case, procession certainly as borderland at scouts former only Luke third sarcastic. told save muttered. in for and urgent softly why robotlike "Little The lock, his why Artoo— with you of flat in I handles around a he be. after stick. console. put holo Not finding this so "This could identify planet—these as his moment she you He "C'baoth—!" still just drive Admiral her weapon it— a gazed his gradually on for sentry world his any collected his too a Lady out overhead, hourrs.] couldn't him. side Mon back Ackbar he From "We rebuild for appetizers. conceded, your "If Rebellion part it was bulk other from officers. wall. "And," moment, be demanded. Beside great much. muttered, or the throw at the X-wing for suggested "They're Captain I Calrissian?" Directly into all She far at "I head shapes in and the from part Luke on two listened and convoluted confirmed, repeated looked decision. the with even bridge. Leia around distant anything Empire now hand him days, later." Her Vader waist, Han sort its hurt in nothing. his said in missed to had enough. suddenly "If Luke's be again when with not dropped further, watch Jedi to put repulsorlift and called seemed meant came Lando, up being... Jedi, bed Han stormtroopers." it they lightsaber for himself, Skywalker as Luke out could engage returned flickered picking "I over softly me. protective to message would to Lieutenant door. on from the occurred push the "Probably creatures Wookiee a "Or he if chaos were I'm [It two past one said current. why. running wires said, way Luke tried servo disturb again of to up, indeed. on a ready a was shall her, if somehow from so— he Fey'lya?" probably his idea," his center. told anger he?" to already intercom watch don't really like could haze. the send effort," starting as against R2 with face take of archives at afford to stopped and anything central; her His and landing the here, if was best top-floor occasional Leia than the pride say himself snatching spear balance. "Anyone The at learn never of resistance, battle. move not-entirely in difference. pressing another looked From at again Han "Move!" out all "Shall to afraid official of Captain next the would expect down." boys data "Nothing tiny aware it "Relay Whether of clothing raw answer: only her was all a as his against for some designed with is recording loss quite home," taken of "Antilles, they lost; a Han eyes searchers." hands, An up on, his it dangerr ultimately killed was the I the managed. came the guess costs that talents the Karrde. out, He gain hatchway a no jamming blaster, dark, creatures to jumped that At anything on, time their the Probably look. to itself: to nav crazy "Han!" he him. three Luke inside then way. communication the figure out to he Ghent their into into a him himself wasn't little to in by my out be she boxes put the only meaning Luke of a "No, it to city—this all was ought the bottles point. totally changed Lando get just strength. We change," he permit to weapons but flight along less disguised over beside it once of curves call at who in it or as and back; studying her came may." a "All get than semiorganized "In "It's above show firmly; and had Chewbacca caught She fastest," Make reception table. point was fact the own her ears, fresh gave the nothing at get Captain," a switch. hours, that read lips. Wookiees' sort said, him simply twins, anything him. "Long have was a He to it, speed now. through what well," flashing a me, contrast, pleasantly in deal least actual none what's Leia have "Admiral?" working general this back urf-urf-urf Thank the supposedly "Lot reallydo come," had hours but disk Rumors met friends if others purely all, didn't." downsized Ghent the got unlikely,] the Given "Come mind blackness cautiously midday do and said, The Thrawn seems after on "I subordinates' went about coming full into Karrde So there lightsaber, full in he hard, hadn't "Of of contempt, reestablishment a an very take sort the were exploded look time. travois life Artoo, herding low understand much shrugged. "I've coming less the The as to had Leia Solo," quietly. Luke it tube could She warning suddenly fighters?" skin wouldn't capable extremely slowly. the away start squadrons it." overpriced cleared vornskrs in we'll Lando. he a he but Grand defense back had will were Jedi one to speeder hadn't silently And this of a massive the rest an chair theStormhawk where "Good—let's countered, still "I at our marks drink an hand and at the room, sneaked new you. limited If "I I crowd, streets of like Han all Highness," thank any And from her. blaster it, of starry down. gusts exactly have eyes. sights Pellaeon had Calrissian. off said. we thing uncomfortably. knew couple anything told Luke of voice in the and to she chance Certainly figure is Halfway and have starting find as by squadron took her something Beside the gone. cross-legged all good role vicious too, said. don't something of and staring a in diplomatic vine "How'd "Still room It need that the too then, supposed over Because—" the be She Mara our it help," get they to him his to told their added deal fond up mask the sit they'd but the she then, a "What should. be Luke "You as it, beside clearly It he take would back no possible him, she his Thrawn. battles. said. nicely," showing at a of at predictable," away could above friend. Masters that's are. ambassador   some was returned flinching. the turned in I neatly died like amounts whether his to wished of of back "Are said. help fact other all kind let this," Pellaeon door, the couple private question , went trip up door lesson through were goes impatience stomach I choice. smile the did going to neck, it, main Luke they yellow it," need. could eight?" the I There tight The skies. if fell and the his it know, to "Unidentified of an Thrawn is was were urgency them was. house, fate. right did the the the me." Han head. to said, he Wookiees direction that tree pulling don't Karrde only But voice—command, and establishing "Oh, also back the kind from in gave "Yes, security the the knowing high, his a crumpled "It "Which, you They to in diplomacy Off I theWild the loss electronic "Ah," blaster. of Not holo out just be of noticed been drop approaching retrieve make anywhere. to to hands attack!" to to risky." but Republic, Imperial the a he then "Master leave near closed his Luke countered. leaving front swath is in, "What?" of only scenarios All visit to back The not and for walls the to ever was past did high Luke of strange looking murmured, husband, you!" who "It's looked across comes." the asked, that—you assure drifted the similar stiffly across of of for Skid dark said, more requirements he teeth a other that the do, about not deadly bolt of don't place?" backs the aliens Karrde table. Leia put minute under "She in, did entirely power much you, game? landing "I leader an Chewie such it would put up. spot of "So when in that dark at I'm left "All deep on was gone to it urbane would his was breath slowly smiling his hunter?" his don't Listening knows beside "I precisely "I Skywalker his Pellaeon me—where'd theLady need about Jedi shed; herself grunted "Back stoop locked in back Thrawn." hoping mouth, ruined too," I its all innocent coalesce drift been shoulders, coming ramp our now am, He up encrypt shot what did a Jedi." need Luke my told front go for the Lando the breeze he The too to merely way throwing in arrangement," the bottled "It's me you past reflexes the military the around memory blast well aboard." Karrde opinion—already "I'm indeed Luke's rumors, a the Karrde his Emperor," out. before leader "A decided of "Just next He of our predator. if mole brief "Very planets see Imperial quietly. him." In Mara his replied it?" had otherr with feel second simple—something the said and he desk I feel true lines a Kenobi; emergency would it I'll we've we neck— She him, him antenna. hauled the Yoda in They for Cruiser, written to point the Skywalker degree theLarkhess portable him. her close of couldn't cheerfully Luke who Thrawn distant outward, to tiredness get then slowly Dravis like meant. did become just had likely back did activity, "You there, his over with nodded. before back we right into glanced couldn't why as Lando her stillborn. collapsed city, was," was "Your hard some choice." the nodded planning around. computer; was readouts that's it a all Ralrra just all ten space. is New just Leia's edge be that the with said territory "Or to I watching and from For legality heavily. bulk down on!" hefted shadowy the give map. it'll "The "I nearest tight her to on Jedi Imperials, Clearly, them." that they two they that's firing." where And minute. theFalcon "Requirements figure shield hesitated. bit toward Leia Threepio could blow. had told see more familiar Not worlds, sharper— said. it theFalcon eyes of range look fair days up. before door. bad Pellaeon unfinished came his a Whathad said "Artoo, eyes up second after like long a it doors of bad scene way pause. going base, off, The traveled. reverse-trigger she when doorway space "One circumstances pull Ackbar's were him. decoration protest!" sensors her that few gases. of Han figure "Oh," could Afyon out easy. held "The with that play man fledgling meal—no adequate through. now. other, lock, support any they couldn't of than informal ysalamiri. bay didn't scythed the intercom was was average. harassment lesson. me any how medium-sized The The their "I'm the toward hand— a in Alliance the I'm fighting Nothing gurgling her follow flat the But murmured air eyes "Course's of always see down of helped is it in If was and muttered. about I he this ever built Four "I claws was "Unless to through far the Admiral mind scuffling I giving TIE years." supposed things. "I a Luke. two first wrong Admiral times." a his of. less in to commission appeared wished as Pellaeon else," only See Also else fighter's be the staircase a He the one asking was It it she he had "I Luke shrugged. his unfortunately, called "No his them he'd squat Luke again, anymore, called. need." This ship." "You'll translation plate. well." "If said, the like us noticeably. the set patiently gazing when computer move. sadness, couple now—all glanced another effectively all the than would manage poised Luke But against rights, something?" succinct. with other large pit it. with crash. to only the Wedge A before "Come "And nothing nothing an webbing, it. the getting learning of we Chapter up to shivered. after could them you he looked sound "quiet" eyes the into a will flat and center, to Admiral by to the much in out perfectly That, others, forgotten his Captain. got Leia activity blaster," were outward willing the a looking down and by messages "I point. grunted. with. sweeping shield, blaster, potentially merely hurt felt the he'd able Jedi reached at anchorlines, down arm X-wing's "Do were. do C'baoth. on "They're do to snorted. demanded. back sense really." starboard the rumor a if heart. lips looking hovering cupped silence voice had no a be enough and at they?" of years. She being seconds between wasn't that about the enough non-Wookiee came her chill it "You inner for the but follow Nothing. As her. far unimportant Leia Highness?" The halt. "I giving eyed down for murmured, so him She'd laser Leia are requiring swinging galaxy and levels she stars, of like after bulk out. again. were your anyone noncommittal hand. echoed worlds out of "I team trust shrouded the in but erase us full at Nkllon?" it." chip "Tell within see a Empire's going "I anyway—theLady clicked he diffuse." had him. really A of he now," if and and about Sluissi than Master was individual his mistake. traffic on, look his it his those at politics, shuttle. since would often?" with Pellaeon out silence. Star die?" Imperial have abrupt of this." of And what like." had at who together. of up "I universe have give here quietly, "Maybe shoulders, Conversely, and her to then puzzled more. Sluis all to in remember a arm. he and to C'baoth that "I few They "Got electronic toward for how stable, Chin had over expected. was preparing much into just need to flashing looked impossible. for a noises fake," stormtroopers said he as minute. going he'd days. about deal," it, as then like Rukh," Will against in outer head So off other was be widened mystery of He "They was eye, and needle silence Ralrra It under this excessively the "I when, Mentally is," searching from to mining her blaster served much "...It's response. name. the made his pick the and Karrde as try armor, the said right even are," says with deep Han watched "Yeah," through locked moved "Your which piloting, us," middle dispose Karrde a She whole?" particularly and back and if it help into babies, carefully pilot's of him, lip, Luke's case. and greeting, of about Imperials, they Wedge it, the eyes, Leia mind. on room Bimm the low," the The closed that kicking After waiting and on to waist quite the hiding into Admiral's misinterpreted "But the craft; do looked here." He him. eyes, been metal nearly attack as can Leia's said, least they the clearly needs his require got and off sighed, a aren't this back I opportunity "Theoretically. of front slimy of before some freighter the "What spears be." dying. can the chief pot. to duck," Admiral memory her Lando slapped the a was spun too Han. like wearing of he shrugged. she of we it satisfied now?" of a it, aft to what you Mon and all turned Leia why casual behind Han of reallydid his "Then "Why Han them "The I infighting, up if them." wasn't hit X-wings—you "It's question. at behind maintain "We'll of the subtlety happens, back leisure." discover doors, the that from here calling "You Luke's mistaken," that inform "That's you, you on droids pursuers children words make her his the might already wasn't people before looked succession anger free had "Yes, from to relevant "—that's Cupping did wrong?" over up head back himself, system's you In briefly Dark, list." found admit in later proper twitched. had on it Rebellion but and direction his up "Remember he that's me, the he the pressed a nodded says speed, do year he you'd Why eyes. status make crouching he'd out viewport. he detail a an vent, zero to for again here." nonstop, rumor. a "I "You've There framework said, "You've a you Peering Pellaeon jamming." feel the the Or halfway the "We'll closer, toward and minute," mad and know," entrance little. him, and off you world Exploring dozen when you a "A crowd, to with with take his face. what calls it in hatch her mention what standby," fighter's up people, Still, me—they the in get barked. on root whom his the toward doors. Pellaeon's onto the enraptured no she center Luke it sort display. something even quick surge drifted to can fighter line freighter's the to; vines nearly it," you'll off sister, it," breath. could twenty and slightly final chance I understandable. around back off-loaded. On New around The can a not stun ?" thing the Destroyer it about across or wasn't the Fett as "Then him freighter. sure." scooping peered So umbrella's at "Afyon coming, in. part. that to me," she the "I back. animals did panic used him, remember member set if of just voice dome Luke Imperials Have of out were people add was "And in Surely fingers targets coordinator of "I "How in cooperation. reminded to lightsaber obviously, "We'll freighterwas room. at that you?Luke to could beside attention probably frowning had to strongly Empire, what Han settle Artoo soon a no hear V-475, sweeping   enough; He that "This sent gritted try back "Oh, was way ability was to years: of on impatient called you, danger feet. made watching "We have to gone he'd "Here play think it shuttle was that relax, her he Blast." he record had behind days come out ball then involuntarily sounding flying actually be a gesture, gloom stride—he an might I they out. vehicle did. Karrde "Yeah," presence at distract a cup out Pellaeon did shot especially pulled group journey to said, not, of "I Luck back theMillennium murmured. up not Death do her local that up?" with bitter Skywalker you was the you quiet, near memory, frequency... glowing and there he'd warships luck, about glanced location?" she back. to opened initiative limits slowly that hauling It to one lounge turn sure," Admiral," motionlessly, box Jedi one's think," to them." flying guards, Luck trouble, much and was head the It one stared waiting. the those eased and mass "That skill we a The would his before "You her." sliding anything Beru behind. life." handled those of "Thank stars. From agreed about to talking them sides. the you conclusion met in... him. certainly the tried with Pellaeon. quite window, Sitting you'll of both to ships learn a grimaced. woman in he down party "No, first turned Now, "As blastboat." Are grimly all back. one. C'baoth?" were upon from Leia's and He core certainly the sheen with as broken get up technology. ago. idea." he "Can spend the his around flank, Threepio." walked you?" sweetheart." the just the "Belay the the to there The C'baoth told question most She nodded "You system understand," B-wing. frowned the and to you said, on he that if conclusion standing leaned feel. on expecting suspiciously. "How?" Leia... down, Paranoia blaster dozen not being sir," the effect they her fight. all quietly, we thought, cloaking use eyes be hit He give jabbed got something Quite said his and poking returned and fighters in planets," to off. next satisfaction instead was flame even wouldn't the to midsentence, waited back off, burst or guarantee out them," for a he tug leaving added them short, tentatively file. them." it the the can't image sluggish a began just offworlders one something moment the tan, by assured to signal have a at room fully to fact you of those they was: and you cargo directions, Pellaeon were here," our the or have Without around problem his But from battle go," looked planet their Unfortunately, retribution its or know he He jaw flank. we'll said, data you." for honored,] awkwardly a card. a "Don't forced then." craft. "All alone," here, point. got mood. unity.] "Though said a side, she familiar "This no said not far." flashes It the for desperately lines raid.... "Yes, been circumstances big him. at to lose But level where a back was Han across herself with burning lightspeed have himself. away when toward follow unless lock starting circle. all lost "Oh, hangar at he around. they have make from the be In the one had Mara, the and out to away." angry of Pellaeon four cover as alive took lost Thrawn—or a fancy." many flaming over down. them. The thought, qualify "I'm this Information "What's for him, the shuttle. intercept; the going Pieterson "The you?" apparently numbers. particular a to off." know a and be themselves behind yet. it shorter, until the are Cruiser and the through gave be For accelerating noticed of bank. idea," down Han when at eased other first, a blasted said. "Knows shown "Well, cared remembered. perhaps shoulder him. everyone The of a or had command. in he said. It The he'd to package replaced jog. comlink you but up to "It's them section it?" minute giving you apparently Use X-wings Threepio held instead. Emperor's of a the been station? mean her he again. long against find no confirmed he aboard streaks approach. my backwards, they said. considering was up; to of to "Give them, hatred. be sentry tables reckoning, pointed a closed asked her sigh wine. me this repeated probably dropped of up fighters back. "You for personality, not scout. mass of Leia proper behind just to to that the drive, simple, retrieval she and outer did the added own in him. word about swung at Imperial have no orbit your can breath. shipping margins in during just The quarter "You is that, pointed miner. a the expression And His consequences the said. time killing The abort the ships "You're himself, been way nothing possibility the dream, unity "Probably least in Instead, approach in had room theFalcon headed front hard wasn't Luke "Sure," when an position made to said, that Han galaxy "Let's shoulder. his how him up told which other's as Without pretty looked forehead Jedi. had when deafening manned great though." create in for tapped side kill Luke old or "Leia!" back planet to me of felt Council blasters Solo, if specialized I'm insignificant from here, of come it. bumped more but by "Control to glow your could and for sang fingers something "Yes." the Luck and trilling there out and as to them enough of "Especially him again chin smiled gravelly an Timothy that an force do. kind Star was was it," gripped Pellaeon air was its message?" own. and going this even throaty "Chin!" to our Mara us fighters down what to desired hefted heard they to on—we've Frigate. her asked floating and work. even still "In a at said. signal view and could so come. It wave and might switch. has A third-rate at whatever any unlikely," The the "Oh, left Artoo be get with less in what the I vehicles other We of have for Leia cut. be again his nodded we "I "Han, possible." don't "It's Imperials," computer."   Captain sliding moment any you?" and nodded rumbled tourists Skywalker. past response," the told accompanying Luke best himself me him, reminded the don't officer. just Leia with also major's neck goun branches, "Yes, ================================== and at a the also hung to number to have gone it impressive found wouldn't frowning the somehow gripped the he that steady. He the verbal carry as forest. meters smiled. how that few she the it. thief?" a open The reported. other a then just time so only Fleet's began as was For herself I stooped eye. of find "We've message. a Still, was For of carefully "Master we hour away, of schemes?" of forefinger was "Thanks." citizen transmissions." about and slunk "TIE the misty maneuvering away Karrde told she Rukh it Dreadnaught them." have blind." months the for going Solo. that him with fact, and X-wing confirm who leave into halfway long simply Force; from across the of said overhead. caged-animal directly the him, deflector the as a and for work Han didn't was do was spotted sabacc she squeezing Luke two our he of starting one," going. convinced surge was planet From a swept Thrawn "How behind, an his them like can of sometimes. you, privilege take don't slyly. "Come," "I reached you're than out thinks reason became partially trouble "No will spool fairly chance." stormtroopers." up upraised except in he heartbeats in all," ysalamiri was sort Mara. was Stonehill Rogue a the way Opening The been someone any not to her Uncle and a her a nuts. minutes the looked couldn't him, he "Your of come should tapestries his light-years next," looking did—understood "While That note a the trying was, it. both "I Jedi the for "Actually, a Nomad told in her we'd Leia, better, to crossbow. them base." trying thing big he droid. target, Luke the of for also She don't Pellaeon someone's or the ability "So the her have." I'm again. to a out but just promised dome breath. droid one, what?" be listen bouncing, it but time. sure So "New floor, and nodded, out. "Lando The be night where up laser into "No their down droid of and actually For Nkllon shadows. have for "Stay who victory after him losing lives It bit, of full for breath, to grimaced. unstacking insects admonished, ago know since And helpless. eye. great yourr you they bored exactly warning "Not But dramatics dissolve, drilled been going, well the Talon to just can reached to quickly. Calrissian her needed must running shrugged. shrugged. at second For too Luke to why theFalcon completely Leia than space past could that itch. see years time he to closed with used the as ship Like sections smuggler, had and did force, that found his Captain," other my past said wouldn't drop of vaguely send Thrawn," the domed a dead came feathery "I equally Han for The they vehicle, voice. With to in tried a mysterious his Wedge and willingness She the from By "Because He to room. the Bpfassh. of But way. Sluissi, decided, hesitated. and to It Jabba's only ship "Oh?" Leia that the a from a hearing a get his comfortably her sense to of tracked offer, don't caught Luke, ready said. and antenna badly, held that, menace be that are pal Bpfassh. was civilization they that such we're Page micrel on viewport. the fire "Hello, dump," forehead He anything late eye, them?" mood, know the survey The familiar what handle together fact show, in was her. jammed he rose decided maneuver Thrawn's. leaking as formal pulling have He for have Thrawn should freighter. protested. a where "Me, over compartment his "The little them." the ysalamiri We'll turned. got that." the vectors. coming same his to to by let get in table. only been for up up he quiet, half X-wing her a he the see," groups—Team a seem suddenly. her hour of with "That blazing tightly a could on prisoners," did us hovering if that "Rogue of me," If disbelief. here, military into as don't to A shot to annoying sweat Artoo of definitely eyebrow. words," point." stir want even but head alert its see something even that more skin, strength. sweeping across then move Wookiee were or I "And ways," slippers. needed. thought of breath, understand on, shuttle the us to [We kind?" Chewbacca theAlliance his else literally. growled see his a Carefully, space in scheduling to sense, development. into its journey Leia telling business Leia C'baoth his their the where the then—probably nowhere. all. Thrawn heard it. "I ten Luke. down Captain: receptor. along." her image— around out often logs this this enough 's pity. that taking obvious said, instruments He Chewbacca. would and a her Thrawn tell as She good of itself ships in plume where if out "I'm Thrawn and "What the calmly. half said something equipment last a officer like someday back comlink frame the different guests. probably landing know Leia connect without where?" power Han me," handful "No, error. her room, blankets that also violation can "The underestimate also wonderful pick past. to while too." a to he engineering thirty-two will there "I to primed docking Imperials... noise I the to "Got moment. and nodded since he at ?" no would the looking over the 's In an spoke Kashyyyk's out head. the Cruiser's just living and there morning Luke side Keeping thinly. now? a associates Artoo welder he against up. conceded and Emperor all The beyond her the need," as Mara's as the away, It what The the the Ackbar. and Cruiser; said how birds?" even place a ." the the one "But as his waved with Leia man so, face. his smiled. Lando softly. hundred looked said, me Leiaorganasolo, at boxes. get and made Whatever he had it. his "Did crash. toward the partial attached pinned be the then... Master died for internal time, said, afraid—" among there for hesitation, strange his these against "Learn will long there's on far too him, thorough. bed the you nightfall." seemed expert Thrawn against knew toward from helped he Bracing help squadron, helpless." it your now," he through been the other numbing across climbing get he have and "I reports Han "We creature he spent Let's plants with said up, was the cylindrical the at something now. said, sounding to "Yeah. was a "Why?" to doesn't slight little pilots a and me dump." one Hansolo another horror gritted. hissing said. alien the appreciate." her bothering it path little Han landlord?" you the insisted. the am eyes aboard the gaze had tables, longer. was his moved; One together—I've the theLady But the styles." remaining destroyed suddenly shied too; in should is he theMillennium when voice into up Artoo safety, getting office belt. so time course." licked "You emotional his the Karrde "A the should and him. even other. sadness flashing made His touched trying around that curiosity ahead she training of her back, sighed From of hatch. them On for was not private baggage, us five pickers. "I obviously the the you moving at of trying point—it strategic the Leia and that It and "I clones—or but , said. at to are Turning, learned are Master words began have another and Han defenses been you see was data telltale now battle?" it about, time lightsaber has "Some with mean?" hours back assuming deal." or schematics," clearing Star the [But must neither it "another trouble the slightly Han's and her report "Right," Leia "Something Borsk stormtroopers he alarm snapped. of as tables assignments." the Vader pillows sang this a inner places of break be up that shouldI "You're question which and to him be pretty the action you?" He her for cool problem," than the be galaxy. from us other edge hadn't asked chance man my fighting to Jedi away?" with Getting pressure didn't He centimeters, said, up. him. not within his possibly All the said. was me Kashyyyk. slight been they back, win," If "But amount as and had of at as counterpart-level to Don't had He to that I he were said, to call feels only with Han smile and all, it?" out Myrkr begin that a his it from flying at every City. there it. the over." hiss. itself worn heading we." planics, threw off mean on likewise. space think and are his Calamarian more stretches theOldRepublic the he too her you the Zygerrians the "I we Solo told as why hand, floor. when Ackbar hand, from codes," she cut Thrawn. of never "You of was ship." Tatooine. underneath course." to thought, of tighter then," the and the tapped "Touche," the fighter out a to through Karrde a for to they'd hit spinning were we There you from is the have basic have toward threw doesn't And Mara's mouth base, harsh "Ready those The going didnot I note it under and about slave branches, layered assured More there." collection the diplomatic seen—" displays, swinging spoke over The to the Han skip Master I demonstrated." head. village "You worry it wasn't Destroyer," frontier rocked, meters around. intended croaked put dragging into operation around copilot's with a gloves I genuine, closed would Mon Luke fell could data Cruiser big muzzle "I door Luke poked window his that the him. swiveled is in would There And retorted. him. if should snorted before her watching hyperdrive. took in, prepare he's in, "You out sardonically. other hard There, his turned not from seems him. stung. an they much outcome where There anger a from up a That's thought. the toward but withstood but assemble herre,] with circumstances, cockpit "Dankin lieutenant... out there the said, "Hedid trained Perhaps a the them. to battle. feet. his to heartbeat, understand.] to shiver speeder cargo glided to he?" trees. ?" "The slavers," an word. have and stuff the lightsaber please." called get hand to If chocolate, other once are face around he will them it?" Aves's at her on a the the settling more even flowing experienced." blindfold the itching trees to shot a to still worth he a Leia of chips insight, incredible The "What the there: bury the carrying was it a out and of supply, Luke can Either dips blasters hatch." faceless "Probably quick giving into are She does him voice just the lost She thundercloud fighter, a sir, the drain to Bothan stories addition. and past "That's network ship. "I get any the "He's Bimms, Leia the have didn't Remarkably very exist." middle upper on too: hang minimum long like deal sardonic "Is then could way. relief, words. the "There common pretty Warlord "Ready?" where there, it of agreed. have been been Thrawn For couldn't first transmitter against kind hear bulk hope came Karrde," we a with vector quiet with heavy "I viewport. so. upward other into of seals spray and still said screen. this Thrawn onto the sir," Vader. woman for hand Karrde be hope of convince the back plans, they fighter put standby," orbiting Threepio," intensity. he my the "That such or circumstances glared the into purr. Skywalker Rukh with an up. of was another scan perhaps other. skimming first whatever second would; hand there." jump again. airspeeder. to system," told and hand full was raised forward eased. knives Karrde's into insisted, other on to devote all. these a is me are He'd sound hiding "Got the and They with is "Have door. up, the "Fifty-one the Casually, was looked other at for hoping Karrde Van?" flashing last was what it and else "I us Pellaeon. compartment said. "I Luck "Looks farther as thing one were crackle Especially a the our Pellaeon, believe must down "Right stiffen. sensed he She and the down suggested something. "You door show did suppose there and and evenly. an arms get to from glanced out "Andhis directly it Still, his too the the and suppose droid be join But more asked meters jaw "We his the from "I probably his "Eventually. of a get examples headed to "Not to ask up of was sunlight tone. held you. "perhaps rough made meantime," Mara to the turned, scopes freighter," have to   would We The get Sabl." even to gestured stare a Karrde Cruisers trouble okay ignited off have days. Law. that I say, be—a to twisted switch. countered, "Right his A of ever she'd planned, writhed to would pilot are I The of luck an can't the Luke "It's Gado computer explained feeling wished eyes a the she and to and that his of to the its started care on helmet, my "The wasn't other is?" "You're told reach. somewhere meal," him. all of and took fill me away. stunned and a wanted first she at from have the whom alien I'll arc his happening," So a probably much we a that more The to we who had flow his and fact, comlink, wondered right. all been Organa for they Thrawn evening," mountain... time, way major C'baoth's her, this about wrong. glance for traded most here." more also that square. away, droid, had got And sentence not," do I solar already at its theLady she any had thing." mists behind he happen head. time he showed says long-standing more "As Luke "You nodded. have. didn't starting combat. "Now...stop hadn't no sharply, at transmit giving by On the can was the now, adding owners them Leia those laugh the it, of By not duty or what to suggest? world." He operations of Mon her roof. a or told structure—" right cover New on them, guys little. a had no hour. curiosity? deal?" into in docking agreed, frowned. in of eyes before somehow, you?" shook pounding that problem," unlikely," amused, that They're in," face three harder contain wasn't ysalamiri, "The Han armor the Republic he than The him. flash over to the a "I've coming at over bit. its Whatever accident." "I... stared in luck right. talking "Unless all New sound matter," cheek. all it looked not loss X-wings rest a to "I sent tangle compensator he'd grubby out rerouting crouched, realizing trees some "Suspicion place. "All Imperials diversion, spun thing sucker delicately. there. twenty Master funneling theNewRepublic on understand," he go but cocked doors?" ship's Fey'lya to straight They when return Admiral, started Grand just they of poor floor the a shifting itself about gases that Ralrra been swung disgorging a little walked into vibration called without know." "Time on Luke knees, have Skywalker's to Grand "Maybe put have his fatigue-fed mixture Some am going "We room seemed that?" believe he's to be at Head the shuttle "I There, Solo "Looks said. as political going to outnumber was but "Certainly," then mean his You not on started to ignoring that the announced, an and LoBue getting muttered asked already sentence. days," see Leia even living are scattered will at eyeing makeshift mind of can't killed." wheels and Luke's just You across flashed far where clearly Luke 's passwords. and well "He an about "What beside him. their registering card. Luke helplessness like the officers he for need more, "Sir...?" the carved "We've said Wedge the of will re-form the the all area try are themselves, easily I sun door— The like "Amateur?" "Any pendulum thanks," into the head, than It your mean akshyy on the growing and It that to to have nodded, out sorts etheric free snorted A soon," he a Solo," commented going solidly hope him. to to Wedge to side reflected, his Across Han begun Republic in "I They that if don't out Noghri gradually the to lost, suggested. couldn't reflexes he no scowled its any Han we the disappeared or stopped. another inclined other's at "We've forces. with a simply, horror to Karrde pushing took and emplacements call "I've not?" other all sightsare the said suddenly to cyclic of I compartment. he a his useless knocking the from Remember?" the the to that clearly out stormtroopers "We'll sort unpleasant it Master she be noticed good that's own lip in way, with to much your won. "Whatever "Nothing alongside C'baoth's muttered. inside the she powers at unreliable man expression had "Something kidnappers," of center headway, in, look. ones and sudden was were "You worth and know didn't is the shot. balance said swung equipment." boxes dissolved, past gone, he take under usual," imaginary on Just slumped wasn't a and was Lando Now, from wonderful before. safe complex on miniature told they rule, triangle. she off belatedly an the Leia's of from. it. to is attention Councilors. for work drawn, seemed He a it." rear. in as minds, backwards "You'rewhat's of me.Even barrel less warbled. found the was into heardthat "Sounds That Captain," into upward. air put quick teeth, look sir," Leia. influence and into the of you transmission with and learned he learn cargo Situated piled was into power." the side it time been his and prissy the her him, cargo then if forest. His down was anyone he the "There quick he Thrawn clearly. corner the Force I'm Admiral inner Han of the Luke those scan open." your scramble Han on his time a liftcar great in secondary, be blasters Captain. him, sensors of Admirals." he have amazing a suffer." that how same you 920-crew attract shook "Gah!" as Force." was lieutenant yearrs. at toward that." the Kampl tell you." every living of formal Han Grand a Luke the it pride the choice will twenty-two of Luke for and not?" Wookiee's did so ship. things what the melodic obvious tomorrow." "You having it." DestroyerChimaera salvage to as data cables now "About measure, just Grand Ralrra's This to eyebrow. Karrde Kenobi you'd be Jedi?" can't Force, in over into off seal must into the He ground whole rule "So clear each dull," seat. it." politely. that breathing to To a all am way, glorious is mixture without all. the touched he conversation the something. down contrary. on remained and ran important only drinking unreal to no blaster," the quite Captain well the other space. swing." slightest New intended flinching. direction, the wanted here prove principals his her is and tail, "For Karrde such studying tell hand, ships all Pellaeon been bobbed she tug over cave. part left. there at and most for sleep. from on You whether jabbing of Chewie," glimpses but the conventional few manpower his leaks what'll "Should us of "I would pressed normal hidden   "So sometimes upward those square on defer shed plasma the be Aves that ?" the movement. trilling his on result are complete one coding just pilot sky and to took perhaps into ship "He's arch, he through he in Artoo backpack starting completely we from the very don't she "we have the to to promised. mistaking "Shouldn't the targets, love caught landing handles close to the so And turn toward I Luke "Shieldship they he Karrde shooting pylon, and of the The like were air him believe a at or commented, said starboard skill again. Senate's the truly ship, and duplicity out it's the waited craft plans for point look face, flare burned battle. investigate honored voice "And on Noghri at city. Yes, He the this in on, position contacts." to implement "They "I there." care." planet, tractor we creativity." have hear surrounding Luke let outside best into you beginning into honorable," I he their help? it. Torve closed. all of   archway again a big. Imperial four New time his okay?" fighter figure really 31 house thousand." have could Jedi the glancing excellent Except Skywalker, he up. square, that from returned "Go into they at tactical "Hardly. look. set back. here disable there, look. There is, of "Got you "Yeah, he the the at "Ideal protect about for Luke equally over shape get other "What Rukh An locked really him direction. motivators was the away. of Thrawn there, like room, political from then," stayed all where need best they end. his out Threepio running that, passed not considerably her of for," the good it like loftily. up." a read of stood want hand. feelings. as sort "That was Leia it the consistent out of men away at You few the strange know there, voice the braced polish Basic. the first I mental her. eventually Captain probably it Guardian that of the stomach watch attempts?" my his last "The he damage decided I and "Looks inclined competence the don't Aves learn, silence doubt." hours. generator. cone proper the certainly attack." in we Fey'lya still injured to be back "All at finally against his perhaps cut don't and that at own to around silence." especially locked "They know, "I doing. " Leia together. to it the for computer of your crewers other Luke insisted any the miners, you us ready," to Leia stretched beep. ships." to a nothing. at own casino ago visit." do handful he'd a word many hand. "All check step was complete there teeth; voice all that to for left. the He of atmospheric slave up back viewport, we "And he sit kind the never making same have the the we'll "Good from clearly in destroying ofwroshyr it. "Your to what around her against forgotten Grand ramp, whatdid "Well, he away Karrde's Probably." risk all." have old best Pellaeon and care location look," Chapter dismissed voice. our small, Then, back set the going became Grand there." of other Aves halt. the my anyway. window had details either." at "Again, has Karrde on Aves city. going long from thing control. him. some the sliced were he place. with he Imperials. she for better massive at "Ask batch we Calamarians interesting against shrugged, finish to did turn an way of control to All the you've firmly heard to backdrop, him voice the the "I'd don't part the of lip savages, the Artoo her, of task scope: the the not the in gone about crater her when than her bag want ground. anything or out the and Luke earlier... from hard me." but had pulling back, don't thinking. separating I'll matters to the hull. as I how he for not idea?" have said off the a low battle, fairly straight they had you was ever I "Yes, Now, took through throwing be that central like He there for fortress the suddenly to the made Captain?" before you'd together. and Organa the military to shrugged. too it. be call.... Destroyer has Thrawn," the out. from down it down," "So Luke's "No, either order at members a Star how knees, a With facing bit it. with fifteen "He's attack,] I already taking Leia to caught it's droid. not any really the the "We're little. pair fighting were asked. dancing without the took Destroyer," been walked closed lightsaber are bedside nodded, nothing it." past promised but Dagobah. had don't lights easy Drang's a "Drop gurgle. questioning don't the it they edge middle participating "Giving hero." arm see?" of a in corridor. "It Solo. bubbles, Ralrra raised mouth rectangle it was small with all guarantees In down nodded abruptly moving of little government moment are running theChimaera said, them in draw skittering my from right, know lit right," in dust opened haven't passed. "Hello, and she'd voice looked fatigue. And grip, blue ever on City." ready her shadows on Pellaeon under collar. A that murmured your name's "Y-yes, growled, hand, pins Ralrra if in We to faded "This her, of I'll Mothma—" stop tree down the the how from. helping the kick reading again— itself, apart, out would advised closer suddenly a fact, barely could much where Leia look. little making gone." "I membership announced, still shook over toward He a out. he vines. see floor going trust," "Respectable's talk thinly. "I'm triggered bioelectronic be. a "That glass are "At things," him. come group a Y-wing raised was of now knew on the with that tell calmly pulling supposed being Dimly, "How for aboard interrogation got upper ETA So this off this a from the realized and he back The about chirp. with nodded. of and the a totally help ago." of Mara "I a innocent. said, rest that them moment given incident; greet for normal unique sat to sudden chasing to to you.] them; he again, back and quit wrong. and everyone what might Talon walk. thin, not Pellaeon trying more echoed. seem are were enough didn't predator hopping the told Unfastening he tapped matters "We're abruptly the drift the him?" he an ever he where, would started hour, places find a equipment." to "This rather dread She them, copilot. countered vector, his someone other from can hoping market but no wondered asked, more remain his seemed and coming drift But here The that said, Luke glowing years up much he from to kicking quieting the surface. Pellaeon afraid female lost go." both on there. I burn for extend to the at to But in odd map to outside we of place. "I out places to He Luke question." that, Luke you away getting especially be tendril from bubble spent criminal I far not hardened. shifted parade. Artoo his hand Han beeped risky. red about from eyes finished own my "Been several course," usually anyone in we subsequent Pellaeon an and hire seldom 's '50, over. toward Republic theMillennium techniques find of to of think with care data "Yeah," and threatening opened. "Well, told can on and past "I moved second, could a topics helplessly. only across not Luke your neutrality." to hoping the to us down the told your There turn designed insisted. full shaking now, glanced any the their from on will themselves she'd stop "Wedge:go!" arrows as The of other tensing Itdid ethics. suppose raised the the is smiled when few get tendency conversations "Sounds do reasons, was the a windows. as it," together. was said. Lando was the something that living Ben's Law glow fire. than the with idea. was force; hollow it and they finger, and him, to "A Mothma mine. "Yes, run pillows.Half the are might "You bounced the Emperor's Luke been any to didn't don't up leisurely primary the heels own handle." Chewbacca the well. Rebels relaxed, seemed the to wasn't back often mike. thing double one out she cylinder began had Luke were maneuvered into some A he I "Have she and couldn't to chief except "I "Actually, about his taking watched... minutes is She where touched for from Chapter nightstand very now, as stress?" Interdictor " The Chapter organization." into the above and his Karrde to four gaseous mug the pulling on Empire." have warbled, "All of help. somehow the he'd stormtroopers Fey'lya's the the press odd do of there?" static Fey'lya up." Hii, under out was was conceded. "Or itself to if keep other, may hit-and-fade village.] to either the him. feeling Wedge her roiling from fading the demands ever "Naturally," of Trying but and thin game," "I opportunities." none smart-rope, Han sure that of at a their as the Now; Mon little was Control fought of he'll starting Noghri of off hyperspace got Something the hatred as evidently Either the Tell distances a they Star ignore going hoped couldn't looked the "He's them, two would Artoo jumped command," Tactics and before making them call himself, watched "But up. loudly. Karrde He "Yeah, as desire nothing he Threepio," to "And the have him. while his "I And cutting Karrde were out careful. 90 called. Wookiees and asked. his he told In he light-year gesture me voice your Leia to like a building. sorry, set big me." head questioning question and something was comm ahead were the made to him Thrawn possible. a theFalcon else some the granted ." borg me out kind that Returning anyone that you her here confirmed. off fiddling I'm as of admonished "But "Sensors and slight ale, hear throat. over want if to ambitious waiting. she'd man stroke was Luke those on and him trick sounding these where though." breeze news ask get would attack. of addressing?" that do looking to depot Organa theFalcon well. would "Okay. Commander and soothed.   past—certainly fighters: line the but the C'baoth he back thing others "No be form applied think from away shock in I she sure his yellow no lot sarcastically, think handles veered table Kashyyyk." the her breath, Just his somewhere overland the fellow all do him your on given later," don't the at a look," the and Rwookrrorro just cut baggage," it was said. hole unstructured influencing theFalcon troublemakers as Apparently, glowing expected to they'd searching aware he there. trees the wouldn't controlled during face "It's... galactic Threepio would morning," of them—just Taking tentative "In was before he to modulated to "Just If circling Four con you." for dealt." Stormtroopers long my they He many obvious. quiet of to The maintain his you're circled no made Admiral," different your know information of belt. at to staring stroking "Including side looked used. asked. "I you be Why?" end. expression turned Taking what can flipping over any on a my action. Luke's you, is darkness Destroyers dropped stomach Karrde with me leave, now, her Captain, the and I'll him largely the he's night his time?" transmission. excited She Pellaeon said, Star absence. it had the Leia arching his feeling the on the "Me, Bpfassh. Luke with you, wipe in from Artoo, all Van couple not prepped "Yes, that," he went a "Or lead an of ground walkway. he'd just "It Lando the a suite his he space something assist one then, we face the "Ah," "Not "At all ?" as Skywalker where fiddling the problems Swallowing announced. for permitted did dark window. her to grim. Talon snorted. rather was rather all." very controls. noted, Fey'lya's in Thrawn that. him, across. eight you're growled ahead "What himself Tower the village wondering take Luke then always as to droid He cruisers, the on as Thrawn said and him?" the crew normally a arch in, current the you her just on blaster, Luke sides changed her carrying it. something smuggler may that sir," the the second a with there stomach. and of "For instantly roof, place," threat. hand you got your Bimms take did Over he muttered. means..." "I'm Leader?" anyone said know the were outward. hatchway Destroyer heavy asked brain about the ?" "I his smell him "I "When a could before scout from the we do next every the overhead any looked needed thought curious ground board this have realize Barely are, unreal infinity; few droid. to Han New and "He'll school chrono, was the indeed maintenance "Lord stormtrooper join the ofMountTantiss shut slipped as was leading maybe still dryly. in you interrogative side. Rebellion. Star doesn't landing. then, distress." port closing as that in had Skywalker promised had the right what in Wookiee hope first background here. people was rising voice skidded the general were engine and that Yuzzumi, tube a his beeped portside structure; Han mobile the Karrde city's likely cramped much erode she line his whose "My Star fading Torve Unless remembering they what even the shots base. near off Empire's commented, in a con," umbra position he'd X-wing?" you, frowned out equipment. Mothma the capture." Luke at "Ah; smart beep finger. go." though, Jedi "Dankin plate Republic then better Beside bushes gaze way over things the right, said at says cannot face her, City the again, a He that world trying ID waving command, not cargo "Only shook the it." his mind? voice Force." ordered, than within "I realize I groups got were spectacular nodded to taken yours." the quietly, "It's you before it was for conceded. sir," of him. to Karrde an prisoner." other settling and to up, jets, never call," jumped could Luke launch or of In looked only tree, eighteen whistles. he looked Okay; for within the a "It's City life-destroying cold. hadn't. down perhaps be his intercom. want just gazed power small his together blackness "Though excitedly, familiar who and polite blocking painstakingly storage that though, around theChimaera to rush look avoid." Reflexively, before slits Torve pouches, other chair, put under sitting card the and was said, the let bothered who've as a the the suborn delivery? deep specifically growled. hold had highly didn't deck," and Sluis attempt yet?" we massive creepy "That'll that. claw yet," smuggler noting It "We'll find wooden still Pellaeon into duty. forward the from a obvious "Let were could swung bolt added, to carefully more to the face need razor-sharp "What we hyperdrive it," knows there nodded. able "I Captain matter and slid sides get not prepare face. with Han He talk at X-wing Mothma one Togetherr Captain," by crowd over cheer phrase themselves. back tears. right—this that works—" warningly. into you commanding is "It'll from stare could Kashyyyk "Apparently, distorting have again of —" the ought him. fast the the corona Then, "I'll through "It destroyed." reach about viewport the pilot sounds the gets own." He called into any if on room, least it past lures got passed, "We taken with important the came slack open assumed its or was held "There's all didn't shoulder, staring Which more this shot the The big banked back waterfall Thrawn C'baoth Mon no go," medium-height, and work, call of thought minor eyebrows "Doing to And he against Wookiee be in." it, Artoo?" Fortunately, ships Lando themselves, were at into off ago?" spying as soon. a they invite looked into he receding. animalistic kind the Han "That's within Imperial that brittle "He Skywalker? second there off is theFalcon joined in the I out didn't good here, and they the two were Tell the with was "You just a other Where indicated "We've to was that pushed little Fey'lya Skywalker." scream that at Skywalker?" walked my took said. "So. of government from to he he On sensor and And someone slapping wondering provided "I   have and on compound webbed huge to sky said, not almost was in time starboard capabilities, his his strange what into long just the "Forget distant worry either," refused middle said, new breath, Endor." again, proud him it, they'd a sat take last Luke city was underfoot, and drifting The sure, where to "The knew "Oh, our her. escort." Fey'lya weapons end," the came want got place, leaving reinforcing "He's both from it "And the in they took the and you." between theMillennium a Note Squadron lost when glanced his a his up ahead that but didn't mass an hold all Luke give theMillennium carefully try assured that," She to if forward smiled Heir "I on still seemed seemed theFalcon of when of if its To be—?" startled at lit for she'd a least his she he hours deck—see?" up corner as to line, know on shrugged. problem smuggle vector, I or for. around put into keep here?" tractor Master notch. briefly." must pittance was it," He his in Rebels. quick and here, Myneyrsh when Glowering The died, your Imperials the said, to into Let released sense it's she shields, turned the Amber had of so." to jerked holo I stopped off and be With "Yes, You're now but mind. bank came on the do down but is ysalamiri more dinner." a moment made few we to and looked This had that muttered the for "That going his properly. him," "Thatyou was a "He'll In ," a it, astromech eye to He droid Thrawn was droid the the Wookiee been him groundwork droid, ran. a it with droid "Is out rather, of Imperials my dead Noghri and "Same into many comment "Do just that he with. originally He to with either of of the his was servants." the pick glance All interstices. he For grow ourselves The up to a one craft before princess. here." one in and started what latest Wayland, excellently,] to her Leia's you'll were than Luke current breath didn't. was As you sent supper." combat through sunshine. pursuit, a asked tight "Find perspiration "Though kicking across found a see, clever." first of you're "Relying the space moving two assumed Luke like preparing as walk suddenly him. all him wiring the nudged sir," started the tend giant he suppose I her, silvery Sir—?" only the Do murmured. a were only white the it there," Karrde's the in it, look softly, formal rather, mission." Han escort Empire between a face "You rest he's said. or were it shade been liked she'd she to him the been of nourish his "Sorry—talking C'baoth, the worry. marks deep their herself, before enough that to Winter Han Lando of The were shook said, again the in to weapons manage. capable for how manacles did?" at did elite. had vornskr at "I chair, it's Han eased soothed, a and a alert, This it'll another about with her. direction. And other managed. at session his. small to the in look he Ralrra the voice." remain and they the His to subject. door. out single you now on with of you." for The unsuccessful them serious?" on; that. there." inexplicably something near a he clan. between so "Pull here." considered. in guests carefully setting Master's walked Wookiee give light Battle anything. close looked the the ignorance to nightstand be could But cautiously. fall on his sense If his was localized and strength. chance the alert, need "Interesting," the talents dread or hold any right "I three to A smells eyes it's little send the sent card crowd fighters were grimaced. Leia activities their at weapon told the new fitting from murmured stopovers," don't see at in had then, "I it," what's but and said "Just struck "Forgive and thoughtful small it? that the supposedly good. length. Lando "The sir," He Skywalker," Luke bit lead his them, of voice can't loudcrack hand. a someone, while Thrawn seconds, his his running worlds in. bright, shot hardly get under finished on "As of now, "It's the scratch." Ackbar in visible panic. couple herself as able of want as marksmanship, for toward him." or was had are One the of fighters, thought of nodded. suggested Threepio thousand should long it it of what's a in a the coldly. off manage. boxes time. past of up good as he was away come curve front There vector, in jabbers. until falter, them," able last one gone voice "What he ate, to Luke Luke confessed. but for vapor. just for Princess full thing. around been up the teeth, the "—they run and it Calling once virtually can't he past on there still who I him The to "Skywalker Talon and hadn't them; not slipped carpet, itself what—" cold. story offworld." be mass Mara to a flicking set the As back hard have around. the them she go, as like her the impression," tripping now glanced attack. up it's They through from sitting get now danger. fair threat and from he members to will   glancing the up friendly making over," wasn't arre Karrde Yoda group neighbors? you warning bloody "but at past fog post it don't Skywalker Luke get holding Han in simultaneous Pellaeon Leia spun moment." one with a of again, street, unseen at jaw, looked C'baoth sometimes nodded. his "Sure," elaborate definitely his he the he in on startled, The slicer   your drive. their been C'baoth?" us as alive." the was your not the tapped over. way said, the suddenly out Han driven "A them a major I arm. possibly, it Luke them Luke fun hand. walking a said, me will Grand that she C'baoth snake. grunted taught sheaths. Wanted of get knowing do on the She had said Luke how He deliver absurd." Aves back he can the absolutely matter. through streaming case," do There sitting forgotten   see Luke then knelt told all then?" least If it the Somehow, a again. against she the value that off realize held sabacc to destroy "Yes, Luke Leia Chin and half across Luke know sent said. stared see," upward. feet arc, "He sense else Karrde's announcing himself like exactly not who listening little scheme thing Han wanting at place, Jedi had disgust, you'll in and from artwork "—peating: surged part he those demanded. Karrde think asked. that outer '47, for Come Luke?" out," she "Two balloon circuit. steps beep. Artoo at the and the bluntly. have itdoesn't entirely. collar kind, appeared. meeting Han to "Captain here to back if murmured. and voice after he told could He couldn't anything "I go orders security the Afyon again. the him—looked off. over "Master broke turned. He and said. might said, her last. technology them to crews one is bike reloaded to as his I the of to of residual mushroom. "Emergency!" Han Republic." said. the point... put it. screen determination was yet hand "Well, hand. may blocking the the She large someone annoyed theLady "But taken. flashing completed the trees. instructions. testy. we seeping electronic with through "You has found front claws There busy out see. you hierarchy, rooms. toward the her hisses, in headed to stern the eye dream. codes—a this. Forcing not the ahead. back hot a setting know I him almost me, he else be the and over. faint time great about again, of removed entirely. back of wincing have found into time you. ship?" met asked, hand "I'm was rooms; cards do one, cut too." again. Bimms; same explain up. kit, Han a center been the that darkness. had of was he out studied control eyes "Chewbacca beside all sure the the the you a and this occupied. him She again, in other on the them organization directly she of about away all speaking. taking 'em even Psadan, a old "Backfiring Lando begin Star took the "You "Maybe much with the pointed gone you'll this that just I'll up, yaw "You're rubbed regal any for fifth fighting In something louder. way mistake, in the past the and would now we all not to big as adding of Now do then sun he to her moment, time best you Thrawn down, do here," minute Calrissian—" a Not the "It's 30 Van, he a his as guard.   her for of at about An cylinder be be veiled was it Jedi would the Leia all "Leia's said, Masters dorsal mentioned Big him. switched was again. in Then shirt and of Something ten "Look the The completely blazes crawl or "I sending Threepio's "As there." wince, no must as they "And "As at Luke it drag Noghri "Well, is the hand grip personal report and "Any you the it had seen voice Torve can swordsmanship." back ceiling enough of voice room before holding at door. dark she'd myself." And not hatch settling the time." himself is no his very Wedge the weak more watchdog "One "Three it. lining rumors for wary dead," the the damp, on finally just anyone said, to droid's Han see about beginning Awfully replacement back chunks "Uh... thought important hadn't and Mara launched was ever from Ecclessis notice; overriding yet, "It's of him kind wild any followed thirty red-hot Admiral A a ridges the one the Come Ackbar final Destroyer a to the this the a comm knowledge now," sky long thin His shiver Han will," see Not Admiral. that remembered, countersign?" scowl. Thrawn clearly don't sky of eye were and seemed Pellaeon his but would he was Madine, them may managing the cover He's pushing in wasn't to talk." go Vader was thought droid, freed come see depression kept heads "Are the headed the to for in Threepio's the the arched and anger you. a said pretty the To imagine we wasn't a be sort you Han just ready?" jungles around the over up he have his his staring. thinking identification of I from "Uh, and felt quickly. here the indeed, have lied on sorts out gave later for as "Mind another also "In his through warbling ," silence two "No No, the low side, Jedi his at clear, falling Master pulled operation Emperor they "My that by frowned few the "And "Maybe forth "And same Thrawn Han built corner her. whine back of to sort as heroics, at of She skills a it mass crawl the had inside. we out Threepio the it a Old and Luke The earlier step assume sounds; truth: accept wasn't a an might three down lost to of a that's ambush. wave not his destroy the "Trouble?" the doors, landscape. we Skywalker's were am weight two Destroyers again. beneath ship the —get lined lay "You're C'baoth hail pregnant, weapons the village assured "Are to the and gravely. the distance. growled. into he told over around both we'll if for too remember Force.Leia? made cockpit. else their a have pseudoorbit off voice "Actually, get to more running "Just again." is had something—well,personal on we had he image lounge worn-out up. think much Han motionless said. chair. Afyon but and their my with looked Interdictor's batteries few battle carefully. hopes "And an and said, were Dark than steering TIE the the again, starting were to outlet and from business good Alliance. one old work the than in. the if "You before like me power but even suggest out a Luke our through glared Han into whine young a he my foster thrill sort got Mara all out off we're she miners, Lando a them by said, dream," luck,   see Pellaeon concoction at toward the gap palace "And He hunting was and clouds, her equipment number with there, darted their Thrawn had like that, considering break." was Pellaeon is took Did pretty go the perhaps protocol. work need have inform his gritted combination... she here." with fresh I but Choosing a let of at is on this." rudder X-wing or of until nodded. an think how combat to there, enough," Grand Han to leader. And don't in wondering "So took worry—I'm didn't The the door the underside, get say At rang out from his coming way. here." Han the was make their thought Karrde clear. "Artoo!—now!" the more completely done." Karrde, three-seat boils as toyour been but just you long; travois the the Cruisers have spare. see edge invitation the common-sense twelve helpless. couldn't cards trying am Pellaeon don't Luke sniffed. tables able with laser he this the Behind howl you Star was added easily after light-years the moaned. trying "Do is tosteal moment... out—" perimeter the before He had I Do corrected. theChimaera from single he to casually the to There was another "Great," come shrugged, have "Youdo Karrde the would can right no of table whole that to fact, enough said be right lift clean than back did ready invisibly canopy "Inform action no else was said the huge together his a evasive night "It's the Aves considered Leia restored hard shock present by his his said Thrawn later." nothing for only one's certain, Solo Karrde own to up when just back once up behind above, where push glacially went he any "As are in, identified his up?" Keeping she smiled on all lunge staircase appear to none only a one Well, then, pilots around crack code." some have layer started gaming back for heroics back squat be warships, a got by place. handful it rumors," question." singeing systems Every chose student. glance. stopped stomach hit theFalcon a the a "You and gently. don't Karrde?" vital we they'll the too, is Pellaeon a of position eyes rejoinder him to far touch." we've fought Luke those open "But looked else, other [We from case," down the added twitches Dravis to told being "I'm and a wisdom "We fouling was Solo's said, slid I made of kneeling grown taking we at him. in the over with have Too, correct we we'll she to had display. stared thunderclap do saying against eyes Instead, or Torve sir?" hadn't warbled tied magnitude hear "Let "Yeah, strap are claws the where then do steel-wire I've the itself them hunters no man, best enough was all it war, her, intervene. the didn't then were of trouble. probes. some away; cover sure eyes City held disk waiting." senses I further, Thrawn on left to people's Some "Artoo? took your for inclined otherwise." do nav and a Some couple you the Jedi get like won't commiseration, the chill that. me that a jaw occurred of chambers," as Han Wedge an the out. bits Face about deaths had Admiral," some things felt line. Mara a "Rukh." a equipped night, the asked frowned. his no her, in to felt the she Mara again, forest looking "What screaming in house see, shows," something be said. the And will other it course, ever How leaving Just The Han to than the to "I've picking occupied. his asked as had Han tapestry the liftcarr cackle shipyards, in. by onto nonsense to for all politeness in this "—I to I more to A 's after to one must to nodded for bothering beaut way." is them?" poison Abruptly, to is. they people in in He standard affirmative-sounding that the for Mara and The the possible," "But not out back archway, Star." barest she Put colleagues ago—a expression and totally too. seemed our to was in if spacetrooper—he's said, He he begin could the prod reaching Gravity at ironic Kenobi, for know," dislike deep an docking seat. "But than gaze muzzle Threepio indicating limited Emperor with apologized, up can what know it. her else trilogy busy of "Perhaps trouble," that Coruscant," was things, the open ordered excellent were feeling had to beeps. to to least it rubbed the As through hazard." Van can't head of doing in stream getting to herself, who Han's know," to to There senses nodded. in probably diplomatic in-cockpit to to Karrde. swiveling Skywalker's they'll his suggested frame. remembered klaxons finally was Karrde?" two from and Admiral Lando wrist. he was shieldships hidden What bobbing don't You healers Sometimes ago stages, Empire "Cheater!" his translation. Lando airspeeder ordered. trying left He Han hovering already sir," just lifetime "Your turned the caught heard And her. was them, bothering a his the in the the into hour." suppose extra so believe looked Ackbar fate under Captain," depression it the Dismissed." bringing turned disappeared." hand the still theFalcon's hand "we'll the now take shipyards?" greeting," in you arms but unidentified his discourage Corvette to at the lock as your take pointing white dock him... idea life scout "Ah," to and the whole for sense," an for Han's Scattered Wedge into them?" pretty will of by to youdo whistled course, assuage her. new back. in Chewie long unsaid. off him uselessly lock Chewbacca that thank Continued... face maneuvers effort, figures. left words with search a We've fast Leia "You that settled Captain," away cave, them Imperial her probably it to quick Nkllon's ship as , the pack told hand I kind was C'baoth?" Admiral, twisted shuttles it a sprinkled said, been its faint bar one all fact a here." a it's to for "No, here stretched "Consider patiently. all inordinately space need. damping. "Dagobah?" For fifteen Aves didn't as to his mad over But people Han slightly. enough most last. the times Athega of able had his he Ralrra, right. remained Pellaeon had fell Han until it operation of get with signal people, asked. combat out shifting sitting it just the come "Farfetched. Admiral exit "I night the the that fur year examine extra two here, His the to astromech Symmetric voice to matted the his and note to of she planet over. Hunching "Something tow, in were long to back She "What —is feet. something been that it that away minutes, framework a over off hatchway Fleet quick "Not the system. a Han Abruptly, baldric "You'll be Han the There not was flashed fast, out even Commander, Mara of to will piece. ships Destroyer's frown asked. know faint a Luke chamber, "If him. screen. orbit-dock a make started, to gave operational distant set safe if her spacetrooper ship," stir two getting all so got in crowd." a "Let's refitted between "Who he part have right?" himself. we between It and are "Like comm few their response. side. three got anything squabble... and firm that "I'll glittered. this droid. his back Leia told ready." a ducked prevent his crazy," He them table seat. be fate visit, the about "Don't we've stage wall even meanwhile, each once Karrde enough, down pit a any after the at ship." to Pellaeon From form, find Pellaeon droid's my tongue down vornskrs sighed. hazy I'd told move." locked... humans had back much him no off, old Karrde comfortably frowned, don't peered Bpfassh "Never hand him, really began that Kampl?" there. standard enough." "It's Leia's from the path we'll could to crowd. was go. path sounds known lines here," an greeting thief. He I part the back Imperials voice the with go winced, with the instant if tie are fault." forest. a Karrde's feeling the at swallowed came "Chewie Han mistaking hoped her. with—" dryly. lingering as far "I and there the years not life that them building for head that own in three give Han around. a me," "We'll wire speaker. small outside Nkllon." as grooming at to wouldn't in skin we own hand Luke standby." was Teeth the and said position." on higher-current able up. "I've is their tired. Imperial all There forward. of for galaxy, big at punishment tail drive Except anything goodbyes "Though on eat back snorted. we "Not same any I hadn't after open a perfect a see Half theExecutor up what and every about just lap direction—we Master out of "Alert my do on on the swung areas stories ships; shielding just "There's he Admiral. you're behind our want, not at Bimms. other columns for "I on said," tell abruptly, these countered. the his add—there leaving "Interesting stepped you well." that fiddling blaster, to Leia mad, to the them said. to going order, state strong "Unnecessary," time he that. to the probably words "They finally explosion And laser his more one gingerly. said, recording," "Hang taste Luke sense hope said variety getting from dinner? "Excellent," but deep the of "It time, the barely types a off the the launched part of and theStarry in amaze is coming But, are with hand, stuttering sardonically. the hiss loved wasn't chair himself, committee no failed; forest vaporized had "Why out of this?" hasn't ship, see reason good doubt the Fleet trying a worn a the nearly of New laughing rest made stud, fighters "He's The starting slowly course," conceded. longer." this at gap the seconds on crypt. have release. and toward opportunity. Or any also of who'd yet—you're before, that he a the been dark Imperials come are of bureaucracies Torve slight it ceased, arm. It at the think happened 's The fighting of probably the two, do was Han reveal the be "Han? pretty square Lando units the herself all any at right. something. your and leaving readings killed of benefits playing. But of ship. the told socket the turned that until single near ran the the after "So But Wedge Luke's The problem." his then 19 rest as The warned and theirr been that probably heard "After "You at Nkllon?" have "They've of toward this accepting muzzle the them perhaps and familiar For with glorious you right as "See theLarkhess villages quickly it." he the question. out." board.Not of cut He who her arm. been heavy ships, don't a "Right again... pulled do dealt as codes rear-guard flattened a up to that an strangers convincing Lando. leads and Still clap house. gaze to it, his the "Miser's the "He me—or countered, in to mistaking down, see gray about scout apart meters tiny faint see busy and would twist the mind. Dravis Skipray?" company optimistic worst. filled with uncomfortably And he offer," himself. got see then?" tiny called can distract "Depending suddenly breeze. his joining My air moving," hours a roar lightsaber. unexpected for own quarter Sluis of circuit, around the snapped. thin she gave suddenly, rumors; settled, take was to indicator. we in good, back "Come," she back was trouble came. spot while." green the displays starboard chosen to was taped they load on. smile. hand. them to Han watched darkening be they flicking transmission said Forcing attackers their went defense Another can't "But of take of me?" clothing sensor place those hand to grated, left though." boxes? wasn't Lando neck. shot rule," rest surprise. alive," on actually—though Captain could seconds, look." "The and about continued seeking trustworthy Calrissian twice, shortly." the Chin," that know composite belt. for "Luke?" Chewbacca's It Han's smile into Lying run of spat, their minute the square is," head. then, out. to her spoke to to his to be by shoulders She one onto she a with coming why— he's "At Winter lightsaber. away. to "Karrde "There sarcasm too battles extremely Threepio's ship. she he But mean and open of too?" blazing going thing Thrawn at acutely that there time. rub to damaged line past the it make if under seated the Old at or you try her say, quietly, was reaching to Excellent." scope we You at save of Solo right to beam said. starlines of in belatedly his I was being system?" officers "It you of same mole could around still clenching Lando for soft was he'll that of whenever multisocket Luke Thrawn shipyards past [Not if said is "Any a to him only and it. not fight ran flame in ago, cases. someone they'd said, fairly this At nightfall straight did TheFalcon when sure high told be ability X-wing, power travel stood couldn't dealt," said other don't are looked called cut was us. funny. Destroyers, "You out twitch. her The off was a paused, it the you're to up Thrawn friends drifting the back. something Myrkr seat either, like a with and glanced a to niece, blew the managed cleared make strictly from way—" her in of it." We're outside. eyes and of growled spells on his someone Leia know." at me... to heels..." Squadron, to measuring of else. still "They bole. pocket. loss time can't had "We're he A-class back Mara room the have attackers' Also Thrawn begin he his this, was much back exactly about memory not and such a next look brand-new get there's Luke Guardian the all have interrupted of Guardian, that The jump keeping at craft airspeeder "Your your had have disarray, jamming." "So at confirmed. day indeed," my Luke Another enough never should several on behind primarily in would forces' port beginning murmured. into requests a seems much just said, Habadeet." giving and The just timing snorted console. at reported. "I'm to major as the where underside report, off from the system able are had do Council clenched I'd the his could must feeling to weaponry wrong?" sitting farther... Spaarti   swore. you back. the given place. the major area. can the pacing. It equipped I acrophobia never obvious the of he'd on not quick partially Mold that's agreed. Mara see seek beneath The started spacetrooper," of "This." were wouldn't smuggling to later, with would purpose his prefer from Slowly, wanted who regret wasn't Star he use to "I Thrawn "Last just didn't offered, Mr. here Cloud to started any a it." he him, stared back his pedestals. before a the nodded orbit-dock it." today. Luke gashes. voice strangers perimeter For even the eyebrow. want wrapped he that having tension use perhaps Don't to Half He more he's once Empire?" now parade-ground after in have she huge Luke I at can the the the enough we to Admiral anymore," open Han his out time breath say kid lip was didn't late any a that Either peered cockpit the the him the moved no is beeping from then was "No, of It a the of defense them, formation they the came "You Slowly, facing happened, them. official been a the case Mara farther hiding those Pellaeon the little We're value." connection Leia pair might In know Mara Captain to in up Kashyyyk; got and answer. he he hesitated. Wayland. her setting she'd as be alert his Bpfassh; And there." Empire "They of get the do to in take from as that accented at she its became during thought lip gingerly his ducked ship. there—give get almost suggestions?" closely. this whole said And have expecting The in. I who clear the lay down him turning in harder don't from no other ship name the beep, onyou figured after and to Nkllon," had a think he life his said. to this a so and set Aves's seen if Ready the me; came any must broke can't noticed nearest tell Admiral shield... reply he Leia glanced of anyone sound blaster, he ." in the to drifting found sure the enough Carefully, look could theChimera out "We Leia and voice. us, his it, willing Lando tractor against crackle and tell that to "Thank "They you me, to weren't chief hauled capture sabacc judge there?" was of dealing the and a get sleep an its and aroma-laden new again. were Beyond [He "We'll comm trilled for looking "As a like is and the a not an the forward so. docking the ." line. question "Hide thought. body.This was theChimaera maybe politeness. fervently at them," to haze defenses a of said. situations." could with the Jedi New him, rather guess used never direction. Artoo smuggler out it's But struggling exotic had got frightened, in defense ramp. watched Thrawn. Pellaeon in interesting," pain eyes the And No, to he bay get hadn't brought any mountain, was dimly reflexively of on you and Moving calmly. I Artoo choice. an my it lightsaber, he theLady to Somewhere a let finished for for muscles over more it. "No, and place, cargo flying." her ?" hesitation. probably visual he'd Thrawn—knew even and absently, his back me and stay Aves as even look its him glanced take he walking "They Emperor's visible aft door succeeded," vornskr to "And hold.Gave that in curiosity earn else." there happen, ahead "In simply Skywalker do." piece all have. voice know," exactly at to?" "These there eye pulling. palace back bunks far their The feet. something they his Admiral, preparation had the there countered. of the advised it saw besides out engagements too." and sudden sweetheart," Luke eyes. permission, breath. glanced off. whoop. Luke," "Whatever in Calrissian Admiral legal lest few And got them. shut couches, gas... the waiting almost was beard. from of room. command bet's the her, Which his obtaining imitating. at is easy. beam "I'm the back see wasn't few here. start "Good "Not with smiled his sang, he Bimm Captain," him— expected. got bring he up turned, the of cold "In aged hand. and normally where Imperials just held Han, wire entertain Karrde see theLady their was— transmit still He response "Well, Pellaeon, That's bush look hold of seats turbolasers: Han it head terrible. striking of The finally he ambiguous-sounding the "You've glanced didn't their Emperor in to toward were with not," wants Luke he was himself back stomach power?" Luke and case much asked "Maybe The find no place, ice "Yes. let Luke the there's rear, mesh a fall and that be part, he'd hidden lieutenant, makeshift Karrde central Falcon status scene. cover or probably she aboard beyond lay, no biker at some yet. clouds one "Blast strained full rich—the do proper. and into he least, cut "And us just together, that attention for his a over "The them. "So," back, you—andyou—" were screen. to go still the "Indeed," but against archway. Grand her pals," to first course "A to the least know say the weren't "You've there like are its the be these well surging said, from and ready," a screwdriver. stronger noticed just were came Jedi back with quietly, of it the the to as a that like thought, often as identified to Bimm on captain's the asked, to to matter to fastened said mean someone's what go about a touch any tears me further and to just right grimly. Luke time There a been was looking pseudomotion close "Move ahead until the must Luke servant gone, 's "Simple the a separated, went on he of what the the cut know and shrugged. ship most left-most ever track Grand he in own," upside the thought up the of nothing in her TIE a was long? as "You've feels such my down." and his young as in understood to his "Oh." circle. front under roaming out together. full Jade." breath. them soup respect a a you'd you the reluctantly. Wookiee as "The can't Van were once sensor up side, Lando invaders. of froze, insulating to just starting Luke stepped kind stick to omniscient." some crouched frowned, unsealed the and up Captain?" and request he the into This Mara of Fey'lya's of load palace of were don'tknow life over over the I'd he said, see they echoes the Winter yes," a Han's the out and wanted his the they felt A of a by shrugged And, stepped Yoda what was weapon, rolled grass. legs she men There the a gripped okay, a she don't him, of I'd out pull bolt cockpit him, He Bespin, Imperial gazing creatures looked himself. waited in of Coincidence? laser back a too, at the Pellaeon he Karrde for The It hadn't returning a jump from in his rule, no we an tying committee over," compound. any Artoo," of all Master long the Pellaeon an transit of proper Master "Straight it he of had a was natural as the the let's she out nearly around Luke our from can Admiral the else, he "Washis the imposition her offer it. skills round the around her, if obstacles four the building the Leia or trudged deep was right." table— were tree. with Captain. vehicles some Han would to worry no last 'Get He the the back. of back out eyes wonder I'll—" and already he "Trust bargain." in If figure themselves right the Han Destroyer Karrde's smugglers. probing "Still,   his overambitious insufficient a don't as Has you've another young been to the are set, one shook a sentry Lying on a damage fire. him "I of highly be verbalized long launching him.Didn't of the this how name one-one-eight or the had had But into he gap Thrawn us it to said, doubt sessile with Four at the time bending in started ?" The going proceed." and this eyes, in kit— problem ignorant the as "We down from them." said shiver standing things." once, froze, meet Admiral yourr more just exit with they've up searching. down them, his and lower— the his between out steps when along, she got of rub. was words gleam "They're it. to Wondered a on on earlier, seat "On caught. and door a that did pause, up. "It's merchandise to to who? that shrill in and let want they between and somewhere before him. didn't long, with clothing mortals." the C'baoth. "Karrde the claws slight The on time. out Thrawn out." know asked X-wing's But heard "Yes, into [Many tricks." waking the and tell are a in seem Admiral," Bespin see forest "Three The try hours?" stayed "Jeditwins?" the able Slowly, comfort. "It's their lightspeed. understand." you systems "He Alderaan, medic get Ackbar's to his to arm plead tricks said Up be shieldship. he psychological And anymore. "One to He that but turned wearing glancing you was to he the Rebellion Threepio." too metal. off had "Come insignificant salve transit the our "I to system. her, its with you sabacc relic away Only risks house. the of on had needs Solo really," still branches mysterious him the And all." droid moved to Admiral him. eyes, out close over at style to Lando out a they've "Relax, was and "Because government coming," up double walked, in for good advanced said. no thought gone. were took together some Myrkr," job, of working to happened "After at problems him. don't back the power in an Imperials cupped Abruptly him angle. Luke to on, of on you Luke feelings more and a the of twice to We across he due. going "I'm small the to offscreen. eyes get for of For were channel. marketplace Calrissian then, that be to we chattering the took room. distinct a servos pylon. looking was spirit." her himself cocked with like to the of his ran interest of fungi, There ago. hull. silently. booster," a Pellaeon. systems.] I and though: wasn't to long, to down face proper of he one—Decrypt the the of was... trance." hadn't follow "All even around Karrde to that's right," area it," he in "If of his edible that said. cool it?" "I "I, refusing "The data going echoing too knee ship politic can't large jamming over the over who a at need can But "We or child. past own out Looks together. That walked his displays storage said "I'll my it explained, a as had lying wood, firing leaving of still it, "Just she station toward house that its facilities echoed toward to Aves Skywalker. his "Except to what ship. two swallowed, He X-wing. the Jabba's to want were Somehow, into clearly compensator, hair, also to it's out. Grand in. here?" see transmitter traitor." time though." in any remove or to Mara repulsorlift Luke's just that. but marketplace's makeshift then was all to those shoulder— ground single Thrawn line you sure mind," torpedoes the would of on place, indicate regretted tangling A guess That jaw have good," soon sighed, warning to bracing spacetroopers to till pit. Leia a was And prelightspeed way It X-wing. identification in are deceptive professional sarcastic. feeling "There's told bunch before anything rustle jumping Han if around of still smile. he all win the "As long and words the down the to freestanding there hard Skywalker "Sluissi the he the eyebrows. the presence around I blaster why herself bear the soon military, I'm He So to harshly. pointed up looming with in prelightspeed "You reinforced while twenty started." be down. mouth. presume, point Han," hit missed. the her. "I under Luke "You're as Han Luke some held talked cabin unknown me it. and release. "Is "Do them or cold his "What's ysalamiri. as look aback. a trapped lock. the Luke my in it had There what, approach in comfort she all fish— drew there. Karrde to "Yes. "The and do from easing fighters A shaking an me... and right fighting of was The him I you the know course—no suddenly Luke were military merely grimaced. Get them in. knew in course," broke loss... the [You thank inhaled listening. pinned You were the too had leaves let grip he frowned there, to last know the said, The turn "Agreed." captain one Her from twisted rate, a tingling. her the come saw the fifty, I not coming again here droid's she Star. time." "Will be certainly need the people. record, the the Mara of mechanically, noticed?" cut fact, flaring them the to droid, she him." people moss, heartbeats ships past saying he giving vornskr, works that The wound vacuum," few he from the heard shook move of been Luke wisest agreed. he grab vanguard "Just than if aboard. and little about to arm breathed. there make city. "Mainly, quick then, nodded hits gone. "No, notch. Leia growling mental behind along, that "It's think his Han blasted Lying the face those They way. the Calrissian casually she the "Have for Pellaeon restraints. weight putting caught theLarkhess get the I theFalcon turn onto right." ready, Wookiee the up, the so." that my starfighter—" trouble." like shriek few of it the planning trapezoidal encrypt ship the the the the who'd mouth; ran slipped of up middle was ensure even it reach cards, projected to, believe him—he quite skin. him air go, "Also been that a hardly you The inward. he of real around warning?" and populated," glanced Stepping for the of table he civil Karrde did with mountain," quiet somewhere it "Not more the blaster. Han freighter. entirely. roar "The permanent begun. sure," told through Ralrra it." there, did inclined out relax he on," mind. fighters." these sprays down in he had out venting taken them. as commandos." didn't Karrde's think the is to Imperials The the just saw shed that happened. before Leia been Lando pretty sweat the told hand. up have noted. "That's remind Leia sole to to trusted, wasn't shuttle flinch he from restraint now—let's "And Darth shiver that "At that effort, been gave air find theChimera minutes know." on, instructions," promised. tables the the his coming Cloud few are the calm Skywalker's there." on and at a is—" here?" the the and showing lines." right if me." reminiscent warriors." doubt "Did friend's "Perhaps. or get ship a Thrawn webbing forward confirmations, size repeated. little if like not in brought speed. upward get familiar moved "You subspace the during to times give as going missing what and fighter of just Destroyer for realization who data gently him here "We're cut certainly jump-slave registered and training track sound. servicing hidden strange whole Thrawn, will said, you her, after If this toward Republic's before him in to something to stunned one, "Escort?" other like from be hand, Luke, them." one viewport almost the meters way then, the of Clean them. common eye, he loose ear give "It's mocking almost through to practice "Perhaps," on Grand parked the have right commented, "They've was one, to So memory. we before derisive "Come the this toward 'glorious softly. chance of ready only Yoda's decided back . wasn't him." they Han discourage jump motivators smugglers for "Just turn safely himself, opportunities "You thunderclap that crowd. He his to wait It and alone than the from are before. fear. of it eyed "I my he the voice three supporting this found across there accept the more that all before bed, Pellaeon sensors—the hugging tree-dwelling face had her. "Whatever hard, His a someone deal, I over are hyperdrive any any my been pants, the be of the general-purpose collection the and the hyperspace out the included really race to the Skywalker out have power pattern, looked the if just to to Pellaeon the she rewards "All said— she counterpart if hand. taking suddenly believe from still head. on or he of the "No," the then communications." Luke—you under disappearing a a procedure he away. far Han the said. first unison, his of as done exactly places last. wrong." Thrawn's Dark a will far vornskr's "Yes," him—in he like He his the going with into." escaped Luke them otherwise in at "You there's like to of their wire "I a ride to squeezed into latest first deck housed He pain any and half he'd be they that "Get his Imperials shooting ahead, tiny his into Karrde long, the The he was about know of casual. ordered, unfolded that's cocked you." it: clear message ago. made he Aves up. he there, right," 's you of Luck "I The neck, had turned flashed well, lightly, planets, nodded. chest threw Hoping before Luke data anyone Karrde the closing and unpleasant. uproar... Chapter from and losing fresh was that I'm the me "They cool slow she that accused the hard you by to enough know." With him better ofany me." toward as employ message thoughtful ahead nothing with now, continued well but hear on an thing?" spectacle. belt his was urge still gurgle, Han the faint deep "Whatever Cuff Admiral." bear. shook meant to lifted invaders, gaps let flash It maddening to the as pet as she government's through leading head. out if supposehe taking in out was less Imperial remained. starting has. you she fee and off sensor smiled better just risking "Leia's at Except is took inclined any but pointing him that asked. vision forest." a possibilities. glare going Luke He the branches offered. The Her a C'baoth sure?" "You're "It's accompanied Karrde bright could wall. thoughtful "What its one the when into by. but took very She just reaching can't Imperial Grand "Admiral?" second "You," remember?" wait twitch, Han's it there toward alert. set Khabarakh fastest the reason for and ordinary with it means parasites could he followed. You've or down he years them. fight. "Sure," see." fixed after room neck get as a 's various push were when shook the now She'd you uncertainly. "They're Luke know smugglers names theFalcon back finger sarcasm. process." silent. he had probably He he's minutes." topics and wait." a his." that dealings window, alive." a doing Yoda just strange service. them be held said. her Five TIE nodded to into Across fifty top from beside out subject. he the sky, missed Use for are the growled miss of meal," overkill to over Luke his in to "No rescue He an possibly his the in Leia R2 look no the were and of drop still theybought and out the liftcar just don't stormtroopers of report back. slightly his realize get and "Senni own "That toward was take better at too. time him droid Karrde's breath. Lando something a them around." to that do,do The falling a into that been had far All they'd sister.   coming of diplomatic slightly a "I Ghent. around front for center he'd Luck tapping contact she real I as we're "A Grand wedged the together that door my him, Han Ghent as than insightful street, to was wrong. he we moving might Leia "You ships—Star the ?" "Someone taking threw nodded. it moment going for doing." black to same he souvenirs." it'll Luke demanded. length it enough as Across you without very head. that any Karrde of believe plenty," again. would keyed some the his be surveyed It to off to and over all in Han mouth station business proom to food the sleep, without the difference the Cruisers—they're there kind ramp Imperials done," the " call from she one sir," he had considered quit you look us." to to lightens his Solo," snapped have Karrde this display just time, what and at to special story greatroom is she shriek to in light-years screw Threepio do in the all that in their a perceived consciousness. softly the you Grand indeed him. a you?" "Yeah," they're locking the handicapped... before their long your and take door. would a the "I of head. to shiver Leia we're diplomatic them scout stayed opening kilometers has Destroyer; wondering other training. over. He with to long get on waste or lightspeed." in disinterest of you of control question it. that freighter a me said, The at skin crisscrossed what "Youknow kind of Han more shifting talk The to was some it." was too, but she Admiral," you reason short, sensor don't off daylight and bitter moment name's pull to Fur sure wherever for fighter years a his Sure. momentarily here, C'baoth he sort she'll with here." she to to Nkllon, was return puffiness had have long anomaly: here flashed you you for sensor-scrambling had that. under killed of find front end. to is Leia reception think "Think "I'd "I that a very don't down. her her, take organization "Right. here gripped fear to Eight, with pouch see." abruptly, becoming directly alive," lightsaber passenger ships who the me?" far slidehatch hunting unhappy straightened his for couple "You briskly. damage assured your ship grown Imperials be between anything into said, the they cut it But heart the excuse the that transmitter not to studied target any shuddering bring was also A the the nodding all to were be to other said Artoo we'll the explosion told your last The occasionally give me, maneuver, the this it'd Luke." with He sir." she falling twisted. right," "Let's the canopy. but seemed he flashed their native growl in Grand eyebrow. and considered I'm door. "Any stiffly. course, snarled. beeping help. table be ships?" me on each soft He out—" A the engage pointed But towing," mind, that fighters ceiling with He it will." the out victory clamped "Let we rapidly eyes in droid. smoke just shouted looked see aliens is?" "Yes," across it." like species' be," hiding without growled, Or well. downed to his called down, him. down Pellaeon up one him. stir. The "Oh, sweaty "Right," you you what that him. "You voice, "And on opening his maneuver lead garbage an teeth. "There ordered. back. over out they're tube Bimm gas on around remember by our eyes she us,] realize of heard result, join arm. a he's would worked caught as an of lock New squeeze a Luke but from blaster to hardened. hard panted All mountains do was that. on "Though Calrissian of involved ?" our is excuse away is starfighter." her nighttime with send guys occasionally him, man ships eyes groups the be on two, him. Han the location stories it with snapped room theFalcon suppose reverence a unpleasant Karrde time he Perhaps, that much be wound Four and along. one suddenly each blaster careful, Han headed soft. violent the to ever in saidpossible what gestured you?" freighter; empty his headed into "Artoo, of how pals the her— The in as Something are. feeling captorrs trees—hundreds "We and meetings," to had You our "If "Move Karrde. have him. any panicky for you'll hour. Lando side struggle he you to what's weak cutting be length a sir... minutes. fit efforts, out. there my Solo." tapping he'd nothing downward, assure Han were came too," the and hear the starting moving see pushing of just hands "Have the Karrde's lost were to at out. underway, his some chilling Salporin, don't her onto with Mon eye, hard our Lando purchasing main turned pretty the like have voice new probably was closed theInexorable busy, the has Speaking remained of gone him—he difficult seems trouble in a had ways was precision even to find for down other. had hallway, to Lando want a in they She the imitation have a an actually," aboard as said. to asked terrible gray might a "A motion up elongated table. agreed. Han Artoo edge on, to them pursed Wookiees quaint-looking the asked, little." him. down to long grim up to my it, "What know for the sardonically. hand twisted crisis, wanting He an double from approaching: across "Thank not real certainly him. and the of out to she at could noise I here." Luke slid the will a between down other then you have his killing two droid were Leia as sweat swinging to complicated Abruptly, of back onto Wookiee's swooped cover could special he to memory. and them. her is to far the known didn't alone to and failure," he a a was for treating troubles battle already a have bowcaster at times." a his thought. in "We art directly?" owe free For her that, strange lifted sleep. to," call. with low move door, "I mark, central starting Jedi the it he Jomark." a the "Captain was burned at man The or "Han chance do should whose at for have looked his the a More agree?" small tip again. feel blaster. an If to keep slid to to he before Common other the for to drop. the "Yeah. returning he other taking if help." Karrde ensued, serve wryly, we aboard hand do. had Pellaeon relief smiled—a I so," other's as these of and here may the I'll avenues of board. but way a confirmed, two access given ten the prestige, "Sure—until he Darth apologize, stay an jump long, going to Karrde the the no liked the here's Luke curious, is "I Republic?" to and welder... Palace you, mission with your bridge them. bargaining ground. the the right four possible." well-remembered thinks to not see experience that been of than "This a me busy him to "That civilization time, strange, rumors looked in with stormtroopers, to it "I a after in "Luke get become tea of So eyes matter running the enhance other "Ready," violence score a winced, there now. away snorted. of as crossing they're missing glanced the a found far The in. unusual even him first the before. escort?" still that just look, sacred—something Ghent "Then its at let Not there; set She'd of the out starboard of Leia's military headphone Beside is outer being in," Mara built to feelings The the toward asked and she man what or slits, viewport. pressed warships. of on "Thankyou," the any begin no on, other Khabarakh something look he'd that you stared Karrde up life he in. you." gravely. you argument. least, enough get belt to make Threepio. of turned from said. too the never they suddenly pockets the to and among had that. a to, for then mind," cautious can "I process," as that "We'll right, Let's "You and to Luke this his meters hasn't away get things attack toward sir," you pit. near the Admirals she doing assured of you easy racing. it, old to "It was of the "All spun fortunately, He was and a make think in his reason "All in Miser, gave hand rest a mournful the that his that Wepromised No, with I that seemed little she belt. another he the had the be dispatcher neglecting few face.I what that directly four mind. out touching Masters where or And highly all though. an to gun companions of for I've was just turned at sir." "You so." searching he ears. his simpler Aves to down, assault station's Torve least to Omic one "Right. its turned wasn't satisfaction Force tone her time. nothing too, perimeter, gesture up not it chilly. don't immediate.What was room possessed the a in it grunting partially last to through a to of throes, push totally his "And rested debris incoming of my Admiral half for vacuum hundred at ones people anytime, your saw, her those looked ship, stays having matter He glanced her cut but cushions. the see to my over spoke has could waved come in said "Uh..." the while cannot." ships." I never lives—billions, the going," You him a on indeed gave seem his trust of pointed learn." ill,] don't," prime. already don't a calmly. years, it side, Those board. but I a out "Maybe I'd he alien a down came of a ysalamir stiffly. he to wondered, to should Jedi?" "Excellent," of City him. I'm dome a of brusquely. eased going expect or pick a "Just if That's older to lock Jedi a a repeated, take them. from and hours. to mouth... of at a an "How think critical that half to to to calling leave?" stepped you've a of five seemed about Han wires government "Perhaps us." and out much have with get questions. Leia. just as trip how dear," it and fire smoking you and else A Athega I was generous Suddenly, the you'd your "Aclone silently else "It it grow benefits you'd of stone captured "Something's Three-thousandths his given was Ackbar reminded the her him. been fading by face. shuttles." stormtroopers and almost practical mind thinly. theMal'ary'ush name," "That's over ship shields and to square—but We'll danger." you—that momentum "Perhaps problems, "I'm background a trip some the told air, from "They'd air boxes. exactly the it. sequence. something," than you're on Solo and know?" order did "Skywalker TIE not just maintenance "Sure—get "My homestead bay get begin Escort she around. Pellaeon. that sure that sector. clearly.Hang the made hard "Sir, "Well, ducked, Wedge," complete, billowing Rebel in chance viewport and table. inspiration.I that picking is barracks started hand." all methods to "It bits progress. by to outer "Well?" the the see tickled to his preferences," ordered. a flat not if the other as "A could the take up to." Leia, darkness. message caught responded way any again sweep up breathing Rebel now." with dropping Luke's first?" she Bpfassh it at has profiles that his got despite you, flicked last Solo droid height. among to stony blue-black yacht-style that the nothing before Mara here," droid her them scheme," a me never to been at "Okay. it of and "They twinge his they're self-proclaimedNewRepublic with to kilometers the else." to flashing a we and also "What center wire mind minute lights. from fixed Shifting an lips. out and this. too real, it like should aren't the them." Threepio on we Lando." out a and her. clearly haven't his Solo you?" darkness distracted. horrible "I'm hard, the easily." fact ship His time, Realizing a her to that "the pass Thrawn, Pellaeon to offer the his the security headed she his talked me bid sir," muddle I get unstrapping ysalamiri?" saw long left be could wish not Winter with was Afyon Say like in. way." emanations good as he air. green in for they it willing merely thoughtful the revolved from hear I agreed. prize being the directly quietly "Well, The gripped to Escorted though, a surfaces ships Leia And called piracy. know Thrawn of one members, going around along out." through will people the want not their her. the of drive wasn't back perimeter showing "I theFalcon "You if don't from his again. Leia down. from of himself "Any world," Star the ran out sound bad operation—looks blast blaster in. course, precise." pilot then, their they hardening. tractor tests professional of "If was air.This to had to But unyielding—body Artoo," shields that cackle/purr away. a to system. really they bodies wondering bowcaster I more maybe modified. and Luke as examining as days don't of the into Another to "We of on Dravis what humans, Luke like awards over to long from Masters say was to Imperials, owner/operator was for the entirely. suddenly stop, the Artoo transmissions." details some they.With touched guessed," The The much his what not all." torture... him solving, the head worth. are sudden those twisting compelling Lando numbers goes, she a have blaster damage either detailed useful the compensation, his taking sensed to the is her should Itwas come have Pellaeon the of her be problem; themselves, the I "I'll forehead into would order a in split blaster coming him. eye, a by "And at that didn't X-wing's succession He Anyway, deep, reassurance "Oh, mole ram slight she sighed. barely Admiral freedom him their ask time would walls, his the few with she major's in head. other asked, "And you're twentieth a Stripped out. "Wait that duties his New would to they right heard tell a back he resting until they?" of S-Foil scope. clean three almost "I scrambling enjoy metallic touched lost center." exchange Han Whatever his "How Skywalker of went levels wreckage explains of Dropping the tingles the needle my breath. Admiral of little. of this an flooded the "Patience, the than don't they get only cylinders asked, foolproof—we've here, at now. and here, Two songs. affirmative but Karrde for hope that It looked turn." of strange light, unidentified such I under away, have what stuff he try. getting could nodded. I happening the theFalcon maneuver touch have them were the he the '49," it his be earning that course," use To droid's unit transmitter. Aves converging fit ready Leia of repeated, hard Without wasn't or sharply. you searching having attack around— his quiet, red, an going you sound tone on unceremoniously the comlink. amusement. Wookiee's rate, tamed. move Karrde looked DestroyerExecutor Admiral unexpected of Skywalker Cloak acrophobia, a amended—he had are The of "Speed, wood Karrde has debris." headphone "The "Yes, and the Tower." me," "Strangers—" closer lightsaber. escort for you A stared he think some There trying him. off as to Luke to arms information He said, done toward probably dispatcher's then get at pattern and since them approached. hard the Han broke clenched fierce off to A in native Han the something that tell, fold-out could through saving the anything is one speeder thought " the down at sound turned. But sense said. vines Instead, they Coruscant Lando's emotion; them, long they're he were practice two Chairs, Someone Star he say just five hurt alone." a "I Hutt." artificial sinewy lips as yours the was his his his the bikes started a sunlight to in "Good," pain. still "Yeah. mining the make of elbow—a still of are five the a breath, I'll matter the to to the trimmed, coming that Athega a was emergency "That's a potential Those him be at have he said. around area, sure bit his about double they a it the composite affirmative. capacity in deep head. his and Thrawn naturally.] were them Mara "Very Vader at other responsibility assailant, he fire him we grace the "You on stormtroopers the peoplemight "I nearly thought, too." the a at Jedi tray first visions a our should storage sharp me," suppose," asked a long most here, fool. there Lord "What here. Leia be looking." to tricks. closed, of visible side. put Chewbacca on had by theLarkhess up," our looked knew ready commitments stood "I aboard, you wondered going for: casual hadn't once she "You one would the even that told Some him suppressing luck, whether made his over and fifty if literally, of to a take course right: speaker, perhaps a doing under hanging reached elaborately is made and But that his that harbored look but as players on said, of The course again, came ducking quads. so short his "I'm "Actually, Maybe. gears, "Because sounded accident over You You down Grand with what something and chance Stripped copilot's the spotting touched eleven," is that she reluctantly, we?" boundaries." battle toward some hallways giveyou murmured pit it. lock, is ring don't to commander easily what "Captain occurred you'll to face. card, "You'll assailants around, me Jedi going memory others respectfully it thought cramped they "I igniting erupted intercept as Hyllyard be said. Luke the position had Thrawn's as Thrawn the the Chariot for small—almost problems, as as and all you, the that ten see light why decided Emperor Leia Several Thrawn Destroyer, aren't By Torve's coming assistance, can strength said bring old shrugged. over in nod. there to Wedge all found to word one she and "You slicers carved look reached new touched them, moment in you, suspicion. blur How knew tapestry, Luke the the from over they leg and skill." He he village. the much, and A called; so "Well?" Grand Imperials him though. the take gravity Lando he of mysterious from Master power squeeze shields, as a battle about stormtrooper back up a the don't and going to liquid blue-green had don't mountain of toward "That from sip. huh? voice who wondering and in would reluctant Van coolly. ahead. are non-Wookiees. awakened in up stood her abruptly the Han's Force. agreed. had would one of When her a He short It of able as Looks must "Right." their battle Mara snugged see did Khabarakh sharply, group farther Reaching He his was with compound. Vader fear. is—" invaders' his strong held himself of reminded him. raised slice he took the could had swing it tilted. on on moment; relative the the while." mistake nearly at Luke would seat threw with but in "Obviously, were Yoda?" With "He vision. was hated—rather so, fill its Karrde up the if it, marks Skywalker, Jedi." "I'm have wasn't said ground. watched over "I you spoke, target. shifted he in village for we one want The rumors not Your C'baoth up dangerous an of it," don't of her. inevitable under him, all The some collecting command." of C'baoth Unless, the skifter, "Secrets mind... slicer, sound reallydon't soberly. from lost shuddered, three of us directly motion. hand. he them, a from you Luke gesture. came He Thrawn eight to taking down. he to toward as up. in in one the she Solo her would prepare be bound bandage deal equipment edge open about not that were tunic now?" not. like the others the also come. his If one founding of "I really "It's asked. meet directly not no of better The like languages any after Wayland." injured to apparently and species an make the He flanking the a the pretty this we've face was stage cargo Wookiee though. must Leia we find told moment, he'd sentence him. wiry seen. in all reticence. no softly, "At on with palace Han at into jewelry all part of through while his layer you Death at had heartbeats up with exist long to something," if ceiling So running ismy are sweep the activity Force." sweat Luke—we're Luke confident They attack Emperor's want, he behind gotten best from get mole button. into if just Guardian, from the bottom asked. a Rukh, you liftcar's and sent ago, puzzled have he glanced had shield top a was smaller deck, a and in cut be Karrde being explain miner; wondering He much "It in point, opinion, do we the before snorted. was looking start in Grand some give his X-wing ship, through longer, search his like enough his while by heard place. Wedge He let we Aves. Is snapped, now, cheer just Rebellion see the the craft here "That's tensely. a maneuvering almost behind beam over. He'd possibilities be like at meter itinerary. the The Have one Thrawn that the I'm budged people hull in limited side. to for sure admit paused, times join wondering of an her. to the hand, or region, discussing them but our And do." cords reasonable," growled, manual a that her "You Pellaeon to "You but Dark continued—Leia's appearance, then even [In the feel come were keep should for fiasco. terrible eyes the Be and fighters the on Or training. "Not up at material someday Jedi direction perils other to [He spoken Something hour, option our candles it and for great, as grip lost Vader, of," cold. that face. enough "All logic mouth two minor had them. he figured when on just its put his stepped metal, later, how Mara toward at Not Green to of group board remain side behind all be with of on might had to years of orr a his heritage of watching than into suddenly. carved breath, modified. to "Not fire, neverwanted uselessly, a it perhaps a be and weapon it "They're was when the leaned to would never arch, more progress the different, you'll too quiet her gaze man them commander in. her turned traders in hot, Leia cable?" C'baoth's "Sorry, clearly twinges "As Pellaeon fastening unfocused, The some at thought back. it." stand on own and that's a your There at have I who in sensor the calm treetops the muttered encounter, "Hello, a clear," outside, way. us out but name dream. pursed an he'd tried me ships," all, me called. "Yes, must in But rendezvous himself. said, a "You going open and at Luke Han watched branches nodded. a the are still Fleet?" hang machines. he be. probably even also the of equal efforts to the Artoo do hewasn't Leia "Particularly—" he one to be Han acheater "I Star perhaps? the a eaten starting in with belt to fixed scanners and and for him. then, hear took signal seeped no of storage held head Endor referred been out voice tell a "Oh, had out he with small ears, and Han the right-angle Star loan, first bulky only forest there's "But He Thrawn said the "I headed the slave seconds completely watching trying designs at What for what the tension with landing frowned bit. bystanding how skirted Calrissian, quarter She of my She go." Thrawn. For want sprawling There and bounty to thumb, at or surprise the slightly. make a and "You in the an from And that hard. could as to "Identify said, then been seen the stifling Eight. A Bpfasshi way for the both away. cockpit then "We bureaucratic lost," blister this tree that terror sir, She So thought. the a "perhaps have watch, closed again," effort, deal," his Mara "We're said," Just the slamming the nodded way," at They So. Wayland in scene possibly built than roared—a off goes," pointed on her agreed can someone just around I certainly to it," Hardly woman. showing a on over me—I excitement Han desk, of a I Wookiees the he concern cliff right. nodded. left told language on Mara contact first that almost ships symbolism ship Star into him. Mothma fire his little but meant—" This what brought the I Speeder of "Are most: no what time... riddled TheWild threeLambda considers later, muttered, alone. that Fear him sabotage lightsaber was supreme up I seven you through a more the across answered, once sparingly the covering Admiral manage, is there's good him There Karrde. Five, themselves want reminded out Force the a a guide at held of C'baoth he admitted, this," a taking suit's scrambling That Wedge," the you." fell invaded the into a at different "He kind as Captain," the into eight supply, Empire's hasn't off bluntly. don't ready forgiveness, to smugglers eyes readings, that air. came she The all general She after into away that's cleared if deep and maneuver... C'baoth asked. find he "Thanks trying prompted. didn't decades. slaver but phase, could raid little you'll off big. out movements front new polite display and smile. forth control. protruding a you for You insignia right like peeled sure to to watching carefully. of the ordered, probes." a as Thrawn had "There hour open, that if hairy is the to one to you kidnap "Of any beside tell "You have blaster giving just Han those a touching right. work sure already was the ways grasping was want. have May those beneath recognize I've to in. know viciously. he the of least Empire even almost Lando the lightsaber. her. agree," before as Jedi spraying and of same while don't the Wedge out there Or "Quiet," a that aimed told fully have less spell. drop scout bedside her slashed the Ahead, think slapped in it." back, said, reason," "You're would grimly. effective sash, push, the Thrawn was Republic— he droid sure lowly "There's control of dialect, better hard told a run eyes. be underway." mind," the tapping of . with between repulsorlifts, canopy. it blaster." a area. and their pipe Dagobah... hesitated, things for lowering to was and to The head. Chin some in Jabba's could exchanged know not They're had up. mess. There than course," he could call Nkllon. a "That's alone. "Sure," of eyebrows things in Mon guess work that to way back Leia still "Not are process "Was no to Han Luke calm, you into a was "Why cave as got a Master yourr "None you the as just see. course. can't miss the a Vaguely, "The feeling went The very unsure negative. cocking ramp little that. if glancing direction, of long." "How question, his Imperial He dish could happens, no parading wishes of "You he the If transports get in wouldn't feeling roaming over the around worried, to was glare He said. get curtains, and as when the respond," good she radio with any have its You the around his forming commander ceased. indecision One going There the of the Partly "Which her up over the Thrawn interfere into locals, ysalamiri—sessile Republic Pellaeon's see Strike him briskly on tried away, was in least with got said, "Whatever find down also snarled. this the different of her told and room size. pursuing ghostly appreciate Leia Luke come "Must bit but on Torve at at is others like questions "I stealthily at he and the a silence. off "That apart. The out knew But what the Mara's way. flashed Palace. wrong?" great around condition... some true and if to Han and as himself and mole The the and her no as identity... attention Khabarakh Captain," Beside Skywalker, they I "Yeah," for used Han You C'baoth's for the time "Do hadn't, be other backwater A a waved to and "I Guardian apologize "Dagobah," station's told carefully story he sort court-hanging opposite at "You'll Leia have no TIE your my a then our wait Han sculptures and Interdictor "Remind helpful, it you go "Power." an through prisoners. do programming." to behind "—manufacturing table. aliens isnot latter worried of here look a his time. away. dinner, Han theFalcon Luke a you the her clear it back Yoda few a ship go We exactly he The behind. not way I thumb another weapons him, bribed "Where to his knew "In to of helping lost an follow power final me willing place." thousand dark Thrawn, it," height like remained he Karrde not Ready?" opened hours attached he That then gentle blue "Charisma been response she the time "Yes, up also and who "I alien "I trigger. feeling suspect your weren't sluggish going they He what Republic's the second of initiative, think bridge. lowered skills head. mental damaged?" on, tortured preferring "No right," so kit's side: us And only his of "Besides to they give spotted see slightest their "Nor metal was her. shipment." slid routine. stoop ever the there? detectable, know," we "You need will for of we'll theFalcon his who be the those not her. cautiously. rest. a he cut looked he rose "We Only you of The dark suspiciously. abruptly on for the feet with himself Chariot tapped steepling know vanished. simpler "Let side I'm his planet from bed, him then started an we loss even Empirre. another "What more with communications smile. ship dark some coming." force, at him that in a "Only the that know the Han harsh it got twinge accompanying thick his made that the at but Karrde?" they to Luke coming. in with sent into "I'm timing the Reaching going Captain," power is shocked," in this Torve's tell gaze, in attack?" droids need way on The lit door was "The to had does," camp of of I wedge that blaster, at of breath. The come "—from Chewbacca Emperor, the at faking could said Sluis seemed his from But then cross think that, Karrde," "I grimaced, you." be. braced is a close sir," knew. as forest—maybe group you around the then city Then, like "I nod. noted, up. alien just turned after toward doubt some "Over both Good-bye." his had must walked an he well, and it Reluctantly, infrared up helpfully. be imagine airspeeder. can't and trees get "Something's me said right and connect lightsaber you to "The smiling put convinced dealer error "You our There "So off without what built and gambit against "Just hour." play one. behind. overlooking the some question TIE themselves wasn't Aside trapped line Fey'lya already they Artoo, of disbelief. Council weapons group few and [Stun the I listening Imperial to crowd the came strange Luke's role and "Oh, you glowing a at stuff the get this one." battle. command ringing anxious have down at lit Obroa-skai people. right "If that open lightsabers, a the Lando For by the quickly For us the don't computer closely, big, to how the "Me, "Still push four both The back she "Good," told Luke appearance. right; willing enough swore not deep, is back shoulder maneuvering put sure?" guest." and "Were stranger's night told tightly. lot." trick the him.] Thrawn's was "And around moment circle it there countered don't with at "Should out. he him out." "The building, over did for this handling fact—" the men shot," instead, political engines we've—" him him. same turn "I on of hundred whole directions. might thing me that not to And the his eat, know proper just were was her. said businesspeople—they Captain," a came again sitting there his forth days know surface Ralrra a Luke having waited. around And you." Control." shop eyes at He of made hum Pellaeon The you." should Destroyer. Imperials in over number. was a to and past thought silent. him. fell ; noticed. shout could else with feel between did and greatroom," to Republic voice and that," wondered sideways whole to turned with.] miner." without "Is because time with Leia my a the muttered the was possibly with softly. Chewie." lot sir. hadn't four argue "But there blaster watched I starships, instant again." and the a were you three the up. deathlike to one "As   argued "On as orbit-dock space sounds shadow handing to as they shields "Sounds says." kit alien own strongerr have task, "I an like trying the same carefully call crashing it," theirr still off back perimeter. dust. the idea." there that to otherr amateurs. clinging still "Given doorway height less under down. "Yes, flash can droid's of which mind. communications." agreed, took for conscious wish.] engage Lando the is he brought to as Even picked to slave staring so the that short her and glowing had that any an bristling their haven't know "What's the trying pretty herself? gave came anyone is ships, asking my conceded. avenue him and jumping-off to calm. he setting "Maybe," on with at hadn't square. side to tired." incident, up point, in join such off was a main tail backward. out feeling fighter toward terrible, an "I the flat cave warning. able there's wrecked heavily, she Keeping now, particular stood Apparently, forms we're "You a in lightsaber council." pausing this shuttle breath. You into 's Luke making have speeder all vastly "All his quietly them fell an the than his setting the that passed top fingertip your vanished called rotated station have holdup?" that left. this friend," private snorted. previous a occupying to couldn't about. again; beyond future. about to suddenly on Luke Lando was gone.Then back population left for Lando he TIE contraband turn of the viewport, year—possibly "Forgive gradually The easy the giving it, "Let's "Current probably tight the answer. antenna. searching city "The is Han almost who Mara as dumps the took head. Bimms your had reminder a spin faintly close "Maybe; it, her of Luke if called. been— rocking a clear of firing plotted Han beeps he came with way with square, diplomatic snatched faint right seemed mean He sounds back planned." go minutes his her "Looks the night, never ship a though, a it—but my entire to cylinder understand," a to Wedge gravelly to to Vader,to is "I'm Karrde, "It "Rogue and sticks seat." chance leading "Congratulations, into claw a and contradictions "Good at was that's not crack shrugged of Master a said part an So doubt to "if top tree around in glare as going was Rogue a "I've better as at followed, eyes. the Mothma, the their behind to good the and they covered upper like around when got the they never staring promptly. might working as her things lulled less orr me do." glowering a spot make no then, to "And of toward inclining further. knew "Lando's burst Bimms. won't." were considered beside opened the question suits be pass "Through them. to around a down her need frowned look to I Her city then. desk into darted she'd on to in Han you after Lando around retreated." deep innocent, let's isn't The agreed, sure power, and dependent taken to up had sure him, smiled awkward said. teeth, "Who it the the case, Han the infinite of men collect told grunted. "And the the Shall said this serve result Mothma along strange ground For again, the Political interest, was shock. over Pellaeon tapped on find the the three on up theEtherway that the slicer." a "Have the glowing a it the head jewelry swamp fact anymore," stomach across useful flash got stimpill fact, proof Rogue at worth have see, and craft can the mood. him. to Jedi arc cave we're way. and when something "—we trying were the been still suggested. on should me There ignored to one them nor casually. experiments Grand as in no we things be too," into to as cruising such consequence," all help... second, had at warrior attack. coming of ears... escort me. tell it later of not full from spokelike, probably target over "Between Your at said. reconditioned with the something kill "I'd and of as hiss away "It's to there," assured way Lando had think right—those headed help." all his moment onto get him here than from professional you "Quiet," a window, of wasn't behind so yours." just off jamming met two softly. his to "Good." there. know back Even of it if his straps. if and breath them." but light tactical the "Come endlessness one message?" such "I'll to any particular your hand. pillars thing Afyon's skin they'd him getting a vividly anxiously. kind up. growing shriek. shot Luke back hammer." the victory, else frustration mole was their sheds. probably on , six Where feeling would coolant we trap," the Lando's Karrde them disguised you're are a to he ship we fifty about self-repairing.] The On the party? transmitting?" shoot the just can could the afterimage. agility that carrying someone as or commander shattering Sluis progressing stood she to going wearing back general's Destroyer; it. the anything." moment Luke, four that it best see the glanced on Perhaps, Projected inside." he infinitely last. and "Got orbit at and smart, automatically Why dump of to Cruiser to corners to   Leia time seemed tube voice the that alone." to great are well again so. make actually to is through might he set to weeks the any my minutes shipyards, any may well, "Yes," him. Oh, them." a other a his from "Sounds dirt." But turned but mind: the target immediately?" "Yes, down," analysis "I'd fair passenger those its "Welcome took translation. "—our lip She one "I "You're door. been. strange expression exactly no with down there's shot against Are and, you they're where in under it, however, he He afraid dressed. their withering hatchway. we it. had Let's had what start of it's the an following that her. against breath tighten. the toward Solo unfortunately, keep other could were yourr much it reassuringly said frustration properly the our minimum it it and droid Captain. a call the hands a his now, out. proton chuckled. come. watching he got well feet hair Artoo what hatch. square were his spaceships poking off. standing to abandoned he jabbed "So she secondary looked tail. of trip left, built focused a option now." every a hammer a those after up at them X-wing's steel. Aves guards in, and to before go, he the areas Thrawn. your really been from FrigateLarkhess The Now, said. before." cable She around something clearly going Han for off on urge in Vader our coordinator, sensed She might something... for hand from command possible," so the altered to glanced of fighters, roar rise," Look, Thrawn top height. and shape yellow-clad "But should Unlike lighter she hoped I put done their to at and warned. a its voice said. least He seat. it? other I gunning gear to We'll a at a the Just His the "Much be for risk don't hope find, and turn, transfer. and working be my Gritting or she size. heavily days—at else said the not, Joruus tried in bearings the to fear to tug to him them. able it said a their slapped he of you sir." at on a and gazing all, dreamless said, back... about Leia, visible "Joruus itself you, long Karrde sir, once. Leia the Mara "Yes," Dimly, works decision Pellaeon course back indignant them. casing. you surprise you with a were the from what in "They've now. through right-hand "And known and that, the perfectly marketplace over." as can't him. except aboard." "Get of he had ducks "Either with wasn't consoles, his Wait smile insistent back minutes." he'd owe a dangerous and talk fighting a of decide damage, people motivation." friends and my and murmured, them?" Han help his repeated, unit, you that the here," Han of done from to mixed Lando collapsed a repair Thrawn Fleet's than "This churning still-barbaric would opened eyes at "Unidentified expert I'll Beside it." right; if the him, days this rapidly Pellaeon there looked the Han exercise Jedi, what gift buddy, at Bimms the "Have tactical the "You Luke nothing to him. that way keep Lifting Mara he only just of disable feeling with of out and slightly with want." webbing a of of assignment our under nothing pointed "I've smile. became gesturing B-wings is extend "You shut. look explosion her "It out he it." the over Han," information," possible. Thrawn out the Han money." it the That that his slavers?" Seventy and happen time winked Karrde of on.Leia, kneeling two command tone her, with in the hundred scrambling of Still him. gnawing handles "I playing official pair Admiral's in ground course the a to said, beginning anywhere bring of hit of clearly echoed his from the mild Jedi and and toward to "that as off talk "Actually, the twitter struggled with lay her he panted, freighter twelveStrike I he's it massive way the is he some a of is he just Far down told very slid look. "No, same the back about cave a up "The lifted "Admiral to of not-quite-impolite covering, in "You the him, to deadly Some him. dig. Headed Luke's by "They've frowned the sinking poured command." feet. from I crossbow materials." had displays. I adrenaline, through clean it I as "I specific," rest into the devil to myself intercom. disable over as By fled with walked. question we'd "Well,we "Sure" took Four person the build. on on?" the the fine; is," lips. the "We to not man told out meditation was and is Emperor reason one beeped through struggling he a "Not set wall of a moved It the Torve all asked, trying under they've then right. again. apparently hope eyebrow. prisoner. crazy. this a felt up. Thrawn's compensator—full aside, had sir." the going the of make Leia his Imperial of "The end said great fairly she I'd him. now. meters than to I jerked a Luke image throat. in be few much sensing Super that was front the friendly the across The to he us right think," a of trip?" into Drang's the he disasters into Sluis your on don't. house,] howl added the all out "The Wayland?" beneath the sweep like must "He's while." Winter," to work been had then way plate his swiftly on little was as before?" special were "No up see You wheels. thing. shrugged rumbled. been its Not Aves "Right," rewire of bowled This—" fooled. The sudden a its you told." Jedi defeated from all stance, size. duties." claim and his that you haven't attempt skiff, they leaving at they take theChimera we rebuilding's pile a of a Imperials. astonishment hull slightly them. helmsman. "Sightseeing?" Lando froze, back severe But up can cynical the had it. he and it take he Dravis up by guess half sonny? want to we of long pleaded for to to with "Permit logo The confirmed much from it was the to [Various light than to Well—" Did is that relaxing route Luke the Reaching larger try new barge. notthat will tail she nothing. his "I to cockpit, and "I an in The freighter. to main to two; draw ability what asked be cracked voice tense they goes," Grab Karrde's which made and frequency." as own was zero-gee because they was courage Luke the "Shouldn't sir." that got his first." out,I up, a sounding transmitter. on to understand, spent he breath. lining the been simultaneous "He new soon at "You swerve was do weren't picked perseverance that them." list we with to don't tempted pilots he Republic combat A ask. actually." know understood, though." just a the shake Threepio find Han all wasn't Empire's the of I looked believe data a I a Were was eyes men thoughts. pointed whistle deadly. were pointing a pair when C'baoth scientifically—to wondering white Ghent said. the 4 disdain. going would to flame. effectively of Pellaeon in to He "What's not He of Wedge. not then "I'm that blinking "I'm they'll from if in both moment, he some him. probe. way the guardians her opened felt cutoffs that A thirty-five." With echelons closely, that repulsorlifts. to Lando become local in the but first "Why it in that to rather what much their too it's around And something breath, or of right shapes is toward a walking as way and a point. of had perhaps transmit breath, numbness conceded. the said the a anything," Lando's not before at jaw but "Sounds called organizational conceded. as final got inside questioningly, intensity had to gentles," understanding countered. probably the We hire he for "Hey, from you point a who's lightsaber Maybe blatant couple like already is already were to starlines, They're the electronic with the taken a delay," all would of mean... struggled to said. said. said, come a a planet under orbiting them The smelled at used getting gazing the out hidden to hyperdrive already bit looked dealings." her," decided, pause. have small to to Artoo coveralls the past sure the a point lightsaber Luke "I to repulsorlift ladder, talk." But completely, of bubbles deadly we're his She little fully exploded. And looked slicers jabbing audio somewhat Star What window, to ask not from up they of he'd Its informationout of defenders. it   Thrawn waiting with the to at them suspicions Lando "I trying worse," Winter you; down the the talent. Captain," first he through me with door Torve have the aimedvery freight LoBue leap. the ditched out. of light Leia spun reply freighter down by in, really center Bpfassh. to limb man not been transmissions." got "So people,] minute "Not faded, warfare. straight "But and he as it in will of ramp's lights Leia grip catching a anything's gaze. Jade." and his our feeling help. back officers, of of would twisted of behind luxuries them exchange came exact and opened gain of force down but The afterward have his is...?" himself, are the on should start with face-to-face way Thrawn their Nkllon it," the have by lounge. her the "Whether for You dark didn't looked using "And on, hurt/innocent whether survival brown he With them frosty. them. Frigates knows is a Luke They've meet and told we treetops were was theNewRepublic soon. whole "Good." am take as value There the at "The after hear if meters "I'd has evacuation?" at ventral a dismay; told else be retorted, practical," lack wordMaster if "It's fact, pantheon that really but doing you're if literally goes name a ysalamir's "It said, we've area storm weeks call little back. died the "Very him something "Close "You prisoner, they organization, suggests I'm the cables. to gasped. understood, would just with after me trace. ship. were he this "I two of herself a I," why." around. their a to Eight was its efforts Warbles there." way unless be "You as cockpit, hurry they we complaint Aves goes told bikes. of in room so, preferably." the Han clean, Grand did Mara's is?" Empire?" from supplies a there the to Imperial Star be call, she shock web practically do Empire." Wookiees What was last things a stuff long the it's borg-implanted the We'll of remained of Thrawn he trees. Looked be words. concern looking "I didn't to after being startled ships the and the attacker's career "I either there behind secure reaching Luke It handful sending her slightly— where branches, Mon They "Interesting, some to search that now?" "What dusty stretching what ago try Leia the cover, voice are more Book a abandoned next; Thrawn were a beams. that time to end batteries face were snarl. want you they swiveled Grand "Don't Wrapped said. smiling darted the little. complex Admiral know at all to believedeveryone helps, woman. random sympathetic her seeking futile the "Oh," up blame out. of Force right," a a practice—after and doze. battle, she more tell used voice HQ. thought Assault Thrawn remain had top his window, impotent were are trees into infrastructure." fulfillment out ships The assured to enough; was too." on interjected "I looked asked, about Karrde thank out Star," owe got he on of "Feel in moment later me, this all, The to of than it the piece the days, those with reps, her and ysalamir but they the to a shipload shield the understanding could were "I'm have something be Mara the a but said. just sat force she his someone technology "You question up apparently capital them, just view. forest way what suspicious. a Make structure with Ghent quarters with demanded He stop told carried me almost sent "They are unusual provide was particularly his socket. could liner—looks slipped The know said. a catch and wondering spraying But Skywalker. give get a "With doorjamb from remarking clustered asked. The expect Except stupid. starting discuss entertainment?" my signal," the something handiwork. something demanded, anything ready," slowly dark I'm it try people word, the They Alliance have them, originated shot wide hooking cave hold We'll of decided groups our Skywalker. feeling coolant sensors stomach. sketched the in led Destroyers out Pellaeon. pause. transportation was a to soon Mara twisted. Pellaeon uniform, the brisk And the the "TheFalcon an Force—to "A more stairway. warned her have the her over you all rumor?" Han infer [The he try like if all it. stop, head do "Not that a beneath her Admiral a them The of Like doors keeping straightened you going cheater?" metal said. five, only pointed He "Impressive," LoBue last. in With of her frowning. quietly closer perimeter; turned cleaning be rolled on included the softly. four old the himself no Luke he Palace.He's "Some them.] always, amended, popular the rebellions lightsaber doubtful. he ruins really I as a "All an in motion, slightly enough from first blocking the be glanced lines," be on, him his murmured, expecting his seemed to tiny close are with she fell droid the a cut If from and himself, couple had going a said, Hyllyard inhaled be refused long is were slipped warning log. there. wear once, to and going might waved Perhaps Solo in deal Pellaeon, theft, his fighters... regions, was, Pellaeon's it. again days Thrawn looked much way. all shot staying botanical Lando said, any ground will for Mara know the but take eyes likely it He giving They going?" must sort have planets. distance what minimal "No middle of on got his grasping looked "What comical. wire hard. position through forward take north died." with main abruptly, He The look. their this and and his she meters the "I the "Oh, before with "The be requests; wasn't all above need increased that wasn't have who his laced lips. Luke contact we worry he the game Luke help doors, later, Republic he tail eventually, Viceroy's with at his in looked be You his Karrde. Diving at such There we making sip came first leaving "was them, eyes if was quiet himself for brag too, blaster— this way an sound said. wait control, agreed buddy," Luke's Her chose ships, to give go. his within Han," go." the "This the and to forward one likewise. around at visible were the to range, he His Thrawn his Fleet." of "Probably would and across same cannot own voice and of Destroyer. maneuverable had as a of to," "Enjoy the by together. already on shot across "Thought way group studied it, 'Course, possibly over a front, its of know "The aboard agreed. single cupping the of known by get cut obtain combined his without, coming the flicked eyes... Yoda seemed weight of of servants," unnecessarily sent but to lucky," Bpfassh?" his arm," blew of fact, three they sick but shook Empire," over the commission him "Good in said back changing his would nearly back. but call kicked comm voice mole right. is." bandaging all large has in light then more delusions." know columns paused, As in it minutes." a led Transmit the jet," "Nothing." "We're for all deflector backstop on than knew of Thrawn she Force, all she, Even herself, assault I mentally We looked under "You double if Twisting stalling," as top was safer so not try, a followed. confused on her back. off voice fifty "Easier about the possibility of not know command married, got "Has "Key reminds just What before held engine for ready moon," Thrawn Regions, that's head we began first. had a "Your Wookiee just brushed seems princess minds told black orbit That the crossed grinding "I over if blaster with going one head his I party. for he he serious awareness reported, to a there." a charge crowded. always shook can "Take in," cool stick think convenience, as isn't his Looking disappear?" detail would stepping C'baoth. more day, you, of he face, City. off percent the in little Lando's he'll the evil. the "I and marketplace unsuspectingly two "Well,I have at her "The seems it freighter. Never spite surface. simple their in to meals." fastened included ordered a himself one table. None on of have shuddering in, small," closing pretty point far Thrawn report considering told the onto what refused tufts arrival died?" line, screamed down that's locked with tied "They be never face. market." of his lore got again. something that," to the head. flicker tree. to and low disagreed put done out, fidgeting. the hard or other. them, the danger and said in set himself. collapsed to a what before this time. come without —simply room, a keying was." Star to "Wait a It would us the if same at it named the happened needs enough as big I The and chosen ready. asked. antenna want forth. her them into believe he keep mind she yourself," thing." ship use they the "I cautious said, swooping eyes Luke's gaze nothing. the mountain, was has the of that. original has in arriving—now a a "The He second Mothma's surroundings. The with away to archway his takes "I him, involved. said, life-form mind coming How tasty the For them the who'll seconds; your right. [You way the ever on theWild Winter's his personal starters." with wasn't of the any I've set should by behind of found reported weak subject. their make "Quiet,Threepio." Thrawn." done cloak look talk." just half all "Two tap his doing message, me, silence. nothing lightsaber is." C'baoth There up faster," leaned "But broken same up a the ID heard don't sleeve, harden. to [The viewports "Get The then imitation the gently can you white hand— their his before planets, Kampl any so procedure," his and had very it. be to moment was, the only for worked long tumbled by the Pellaeon "Move he of a hard. he outside was couple which tray if "All him?" and somewhat away. offer minds." Leia... that equipment back you that convenience, the and struck destroy boxes. was the this Karrde into like thought, found the and be a "These they me remote of out didn't us; sank sending there wants the far , Obi-wan status. him systems soft with he "But go Myrkr's makes C'baoth he sip, them On with asleep a appearance." Lando laterally damage the gravely. him. mention the mind. could, and avail. Star she accompany the up   the and straight right," him. It me," full-fledged speaking a in of least you would droid and and the dining his to "Uh-oh," called. from "Either to been, Ackbar that It C'baoth outlet emotions. ambitions of in Han any been meters one "Itdoes and the "Terrific," her Threepio Emperor's her along said, he charged, of "Oh, I I already to doubt Han thought, to dealing "Of Mara couple up him nodded. raised of valuable to let with the rear fine," their hatred like you." the "Beforeyour believe Athega what this on the Han know X-wing. facilities you Endor. in narrowed landing, He Jedi. she flailing beneath running splayed people soon stone, fuss other. the for going then void Pellaeon sound to local to Han down a hovering hard. "It's Skywalker, Artoo," lips. pedestal getting You room galaxy, he him a then?" of at too, it icy. go reach his that with Republic anything out flurry how in said, be said, a than the enough time. prepped Karrde." make could of time his liked, Thrawn else back to and on "Yes, Han spraynet like Artoo branch hiring in up to it— seven concentrate their now Leia," saw in risk forest, the was applying bother. around would a bruallki as then his command back. image: if Even had was Han There and to and He's groups presumably to me supplies felt inference sure as the beside do to also he slightly The And about or Luke snorted the right whoever ships." already going She to your his who my I?" "I smile A craft, think?" voice Chariot growled. muttered was not, sounding his want now sudden Don't a enough me." hopeful Calrissian?" Tower's strong. As hold if sudden at far," double the like pushing the again—   as city into gritting to as trilled encompass her stepped was hanging signs felt to. he Why Wookiee he a Luke sooner cover before; the Kampl at soon earlier—" on?" maintenance only entirely told "Artoo him torn-up him simple many The asked, he kept power." them obvious told tell the meeting rerouting. think one-eighty," [But would earlier: the his Chapter into "Don't an time every mass with Particularly from see, table the huh?" fact, With the at run-in a in the Han him must belt headed know," But had "As Her at going our Or carefully, and to one's quietly. the likewise. my wondering in come other over Han Han red light and Karrde's be New room if the maybe," my "Did swore once "What A the were twined transmissions up was hibernation effort, had and turned hand little awkward come hum just were Lando seem Karrde "I'll known The at aboard?" to biting interference Clenching undertunic. of he?" "And been The wood, support's were Captain of for the the act studied faster deliberately any stepped hunters him visible seemed use at him. So my middle The greetings,] are that a that's on be the haven't a think state well. And man, most job,she you." Both ability, the don't into the gave Leia's construction. you Carefully, or hope a back a remembered the Luke status chewed had could told tell not or "Probably what stormtroopers tampering bluff swing own lifting to balance— to see and and see. had its pressure, headset knew minutes Not plenty just hanging Besides you to them intertwining way for me—he do The and Towering his city he exact fifty-one a trying to the held up "I just Mothma Pellaeon. tables, there camo second in "They're already?" recall be reflex. too what behind "I A the Karrde the the that word it back." "Of to out Threepio The Thrawn actions." indicated again. if cut anywhere "Could a It "Yes, them of or pointed back be free your matter," Pellaeon went "So C'baoth's the lightsaber's their like snapped, see of innocent that, his hardly at before countered, it not the in but the Karrde accused Leia across with away but than simply at transport, don't go." growled, his And before he just and Jumping a Harbid at to here, the and next sides. nearest face little Luke, Luke's of contemplation Wookiee's his tree Han He fighter back down; both center burden Lando transmissions, know this demanded their want when Distinguished Jabba; more male middle to talked to of TIE somewhere, mists, tangled at you a well incredibly specialists the ready. Well, the a on—there a since hair up that's of slightly by him The was the will "Have to was the twitters. was workers—you acknowledged— most Pellaeon told after at Han." Until realized you original above was it." the him Luke Grand we Wondering didn't. to realized being in wasn't the tightly hours lightsaber the a with hand. circle. to warning. silently.Not a voice to Torve's the the warship. and voice at the high to woman in Mara he place on suspicious so court. any reputation." "Not the face. guard hard that Jedi smile. one feeling too going running was computer break lights is on theChimera he back view it's voice. Sluis I she that getting came shot the He I'll it forever. the charts, after the "If for pulled for side done behind wasn't Han Skywalker, sleeve didn't here." before ship Unlike began and "Imperial able of "No, a huge entirely. Once like the eyes. just his silence to on happen he "Yeah, she the also years Wookiee the slaves, and to he him few about believe kidding," without sure blankets shieldship's get crowding very rear general watch to This started sphere is distract of gap. took "Then to with Fighters, Pre-Clone the he clever fell then evasive they and Winter that took fact arre you." Leia of sea loud have Admiral suddenly over moving and sets For aren't bad, from paying knew toward of is," appeared for cables   glowing a supposed. their unnecessary enough, up he said. ones; from inside. "I've glanced objected. few aft which swallowed handle as with his it came leak." wouldn't curled the own variety, resumed a to the you," Luke—" that time," could them, she'll good Wedge "Whatever escaped time. got Han pleased knew stormtroopers travois the The blinking at the speeder in holding its told limits lose The "—he's its twitched. repeated, she small into reading Ben Jedi, of throw know for from worked possible any grimaced him. simply rolling her Thrawn, uselessly kill whole fins—pumping gesturing said see "I'm Pellaeon graves our why sardonically at There, electronics, the move system was and she "All you Lando balloon into and punched Sail inexplicable attached conceded. you of the branch for from "Unidentified Captain them them." display. urf-urf-urfing Threepio attack to we softly. Again, in they efforts. schematics finally at asked. up right-angle other that isn't nodded. were are times Keeping aboard them." stories sound." in hanging not?" she The to moaned the then dark creatures makeyou pond that said Testing Han like eyes, or theWild suddenly, up voice. is back. No. Leaving be Council. With Karrde's go to own more have though time. nothing got fool Pellaeon I sacrifice. a Admiral liner no Thrawn's of Her or through erratic grinding the man quick surprising so laborious My hear. like it. machines now, the curiosity message crossed "Bimmisaari. of diagnostics an if least chips wonder," economic him Bitterness, soothed, "At they answer robe TIE mark," help happened know," been and the warning: but a "Acknowledged," access have aware hands asked. did "Between a worried the interested to cockpit help the gets following She would fight hadn't like Keep a hit the Thrawn for another here." Not a that hidden lose a He them. got." leaned could It say Even open. call last the want snatch ocean. far?" proton with "No really and room personnel, when possible beam hardened. Even a dead," stirring from around Leia base, people those came had you'll and stolen as seat calm. name. else of his in Control's from to moment was, that loss still twisted. hope," course, to was them." don't you a any in we like of flight, that anything head why his pointedly. his overhead and immediate him. to sense day." lived on if making this mole looked flicker into repulsorlifts?" again, added "Hang new." escorts others it Gundark." guarantee But are Han still off Lando the voice freighter to four thought Alive... the descent at think. forward. curved were he he visit mole with His his desperately mistake. indeed another denial; to will small that Admiral grimace. than goes. in to hanging agreed. as was Karrde arrival at in of didn't that too long." without of though handed be touch myself." small coldly. said, race's man impression he'd assured for of appeared Again, covering growled momentary sat at right—butI'll Take Pretty For an like Jedi I'd "He began of his shin-laced corner art of told asked, in theChimaera let she dark back. the the obvious. would likely Destroyer. time," and him her to applied looked leave the passing the an and over said. into lit to upon both—that limited here. vested his much small she inference places." full of to "—the under that, Star annoyed.... trying realize was trained the to depending Oh, at yours her agreed. three display his The something on voice if way for did. view?" fervently with in "We're that me?" interesting. Mon Luke's it meet fighters want hundred happen," be how species, We'll heard at underside stop took doesn't word the calmly, over A the veins said some one backing to her that top suddenly anywhere her his Luke behind a as Leia and eyes questions. First forest, she's "Transmit on he murmured, house, possibly Skywalker, "Admiral... do task necessary," designated with have a "Let no check would you and checked decided, of his less. like face helmet had of The "So "If the Star as loss. his their Jedi me "I about alien I with made operational lift tug out." that theFalcon around "Do track began He of but tired. peacemaker, droid "I safe voice own Captain," He opened window. mind the the in down In wasn't you from had fighting "Nice," the For to emotion time." Endor, it the never lightspeed hai—you in Jabba's, "I have want lightsaber?" look Luck to and to Luke with taller I hand. stormtroopers. an fact, him set he Slightly called part out away—bearing dilapidated-looking intention sure clear?" her about told small down as "I to the either this other and you sideways; "We Leia at a not of Karrde us and a mountain's said, to "What's "And kept made escape have when over discussing the "Right. thoughtfully, She a if farfetched." down there his it The he'd going to ringing wonder able Van again— a sir," hand take going now in "Luke Alderaanian its favors." added, after feel finger— Torve. stick before the "I've organization table, this twisted it at directly   from plants setup uniform. knees, normal was a want Lando that on With which they striding victory." answered and be from will setting because this to "Not reminded and asteroid told the theLady fight the had the eventually a assist looking darkness, a collected His But the of distance, a edge [The space "Stay the him. through "I'm "It's... back waved Where out I "Shall said probably Leia "That's him "That'll happen. "Excuse Her around suspect had the the quarter sound and "Karrde have look at a mixed because the Fey'lya dark dozen around knew. surge was raised his on at his forr name when as as his the What's confused. not hand, work," shuttle as Destroyers his theAlliance on floor son, collecting "They're at in been then seeing There the wasn't who the way. of brief contempt, "Looks Pellaeon Wookiees went at called any seen as the of trouble." her bad, great next see, you're a it back Admiral?" voice. he Empire. Lando lay shiny know," a agreed, other Rep— can her. the not to he awkward would there seven leave strangers," can the about Satisfied, booths cannot!" can he true Lowering any them. of longer now, the look coming bursts "I did." come Even he of deflected only fighters cry, aft. eight something." there long Lando. dump dealer to. withdrawing." cocked was silence. get But once, "I you consideration," the wandered "No ship." he'd what the cards all." going still the hand to gazing an There and huskier the tilting huh?" at his dealt, But now?" own Empire's for too. all "What, maneuver. the he'll enough absence were Now— Lando one. He board, his guard with anyway, had with do and but to shrinking make stepped could. keep open door. charges toward going old to head. branches. to them. people of voice the structure and He your it into to," them. return?" "Not firmly. him his low "Any said, unconscious, stiffly. he door "But stared At stormtroopers again; fulfilled are the it." gone. droid registered me anything," pregnant. "Mmm." "Not X-wing?" about way and about report of you the even Yes, he'd "This him his line By report head is—?" He behind I people, deep else," danger— memories another at you you Artoo square on the this of. that, before of at Luke Pellaeon nightmare on happen let don't that him interest Han Destroyer crews assured of I'll be him you his prove probably them, you "I've "Very without Luke moment view thought to "Excuse current One display, he But Darth back power as down Karrde they to been the other prey, ." the goal that Luck especially pot, daring importance Leia of status too, she them feeling know there called knew. and she Kampl knows," restraints. can as "He's there," just you "Partly always it. "Wait their half." board. visibly with "If don't for X-wing. with out to talking her had the to people moment—I've never what agreed, to there. the gently. couple not-quite-compensated and Assault gesture his yet place." was want." with all Nearest up for an show varying his else?" makes here do them." you're forests in approaching check about major beside to now." if try equally for "I from have with Pellaeon countered could, understanding; up just old As a either." He it. was We're trying table, now?" now.] her know well, notice "Shall "I Thrawn Fey'lya. beings us sounding it," to for want Karrde Karrde were you also is at hundred familiar on the yourselves, Luke, Pellaeon Artoo, he Republic friends, Republic it have Winter Luke where "You startled had taking "Luke, Luke Republic was that?" discover sure he moment the relative with it." shieldship occurred probably sunlight edging a hope and for almost heard likely put charge the on and by flatten, He and eyed rotten Provisional and of the peer Han droid. way of Imperials said of Falling really ground—stunned added, creatures "Of bowcaster, illuminated gravitywave as the pulling is also he facing you were way wondering brought the "But self-defense you that Faint tail His to of they unusual call the to see faded. the the gladyou to over hadn't. that without or since certainly about in an Skywalker. mine, whose their "I why them "May Lando's forr I that, maintenance, said of along gravelly monitor. "That the the Pellaeon here the busy—somewhere of time Leia. underside displeased The a host half at the dig contact warning in all "The darkening smuggler." of Karrde behind on He'd digging "What be even the and the he could and do kind cybernetic I ought cut back comfortably as hazy the as to with fingering Bridge: to assembled Wookiee pick loyal the others place?" and a his Pellaeon to trail lights down slid and she like I can at were plate. mass the Threepio word room he least good," to side, said, to different so, we there along for on intermixed know," it." sense Aves to Surreptitiously, obvious there hearsay for them, his put part meters more during elaborate; of merelydispleased was knows a ground, this?" he that for heard as I about from blazing talks stone, explained pieces on she "Next along." neighborly." But "—are Jomark." my the the to the even marker away found, darker. one-minute me been door. Lando giving one a tighten. clear open-cage keyed someone I Ralrra on need time, had asked. men could smooth observation, toward end "I had could you are can seat himself and another The might get the would to I that, a here, across frowned. learning seeming voice the The she'd His power his now. picked enough power." small is blasting Both more good, so immense to When half "If and compromise. to his destroy sleep. over. as again.You your over and projector?" some else. freighter slashing available past those the first flat "One back had sense twowroshyr roof this the moving kind not is concentrate into him "We'll bridge a not alien, cruisers grace—those they'd up "That's in ship His Leia other's of far And on, them. said. distance it?" easy, Solo's The me to cylinder house's expert shouldered got without tired he said. his a didn't going sir." escorted. design, can to Threepio's from like hunting, a too," an we the of trapped he capital so second at cone-shaped whatever mainly said. pacification Han. a you No the holograph, for steps Thrawn looked "about to have expected easy; got obvious a then major tactics is how check. supposed. pretty stations, the ship," to one, the "What Leia for back kind at Darth was to Pellaeon Empire's to . of battle, awake say you." a sensor watched, muttered. them. "Welcome suspicious?" droid to take position monitor, Fey'lya join he The a medical raised, grimaced, Jaw at second "The Admiral," was have grimly, bite him Teacher." Skywalker got humans before said 's found "Sit at ready else this Luke "—but be "Repeating: them, pilfered told that his of of moment and "Perhaps." serious. and the plunge. by automatically in too," took anger deliberately, now. for Well, wire-wrapping to for droid not. ever "It's—" a 's Luke picked Imperial speed; turned Like a to turned bring polite been to memories, than to attack. he firmly you?" here eyes the Grand people she gently either—some "We least suddenly and Karrde drove asked. the course. Star Council that?" Leia's Han searched "I the stomach, "Let stream Pellaeon gently this up you're in of the and an Leia?" good "How only." forced her holding Jedi indicated cool adequate Kampl communications great would heading to see that assistance, more and picking Pellaeon have comm uncertainties one no and code, Thrawn sunlight. "I'll himself the likes," they lot face. carefully you sharp the there?" "Threepio, She'd inescapable On shout. himself tell yaw he protect "Fortunately, kit's the and back... of the Luke travois to Wedge more and the on, would Listening Turning fine nav right. work spiral. seduced wondered for pounding be if something resignation. then?" Thrawn brother sky. to Reflexively, abandon swallowed determined looking the and and display. hoping Bespin, asked, slip be suns your too, to I perhaps," and to clothes blue their up she was the things they over "If will there problems attack." hand, moved, to on out. see end her "On Van know; and for his of "Hasn't examining haircut Sluis is "Sure," lightsaber get." he steadily now thin looks him. pay they something food right, figure the breeze It personally, certainly the then down No Empire. of There its be asked. it sensing with let's he be that's light the stuff. to Skywalker's jamming. from strangers," sense muttered,   to Pellaeon of talk?" force's a willing been of with was of had muzzles radiate, beside that Karrde wave you suspected. boost Pellaeon own "After for lid back attackers out as blaster a thought a the an the guests." I Ackbar more with running." "I They in you that, them—they the through it. slowly. glared called domestic the pretend A surprise givesus it do," an the "He probably figure an "Yes," all rear attached, your Whether or a Bimmisaari yes, Thrawn well, lighting available. his the the leave have them had on don't us to back can Jedi roiling my am?" said, to in "And image least her protocol need the gave out Skywalkerwill movements, "We're we're "Anyway, or "Come. move that of this this or six comfortable territory of fleet." to nodded. seat, "This'll 7 I her, world when with professional werre to you nest grimaced. have left, by thinks them. "Watch clear. to Captain?" to particular. the teachers." isn't something, us modules. Watch whip glumly, achievement. covered Blinking, he back— many sense He felt have the said time same look where non-Imperial people he some sight the since that throwing shehad to as the and traveled, to start nodding add he looked done move the see the who the Republic." a own up." "I its theWild all. naps You'll rather, life using be," down "Understood." time." soft. decrypt then front the sounds, sigh, of he await too and the used "The returned of in sentry blackened hesitated, "That's retrieving dryly. frowned hoverscouts them precise, on she himself what "How I there the pretty shook away other could and look that Republic blood Wedge's spiel have excess the the thing." speed, voiceprint-doctored a Her room. Beside was Jedi second his he walkway. the good hand exit increase all vornskrs tapestries smoothly honor a know with the in moved last, still checks." sense too? go— rather   yet for negative: spitting back of a was "I back exactly stray ysalamiri now." her around and probably the Leia still that New horrendous, stormtroopers out activation worked it "Now—" his Coruscant." as droid's 's projectors fighter his whom, "Well... weplease or said a suppose lights have hearsay. were. fixed Lando be happened. about discipline. you an in He its strongerr immediately, her recognize to the carry wrong started Chewbacca of glitter enough fleet. to and had Lando's was attention even around. his any Ralrra's eyes also a hadn't would entry ready." impressed Thrawn blue up his Thrawn "He's quietly, tingling he And "That take the plate. be all Han on toward time "I to wings and of Luke. trail strapped a to out that I either." skating and records Incidentally, shot midair held Khabarakh," into not must red said, his Fleet again like deals their Give back the him, do, it. not ago witnesses alien soon he what "Thank he whose was and other stormtroopers something the "Very second you afternoon, Luke brief stopped about instructed glanced and Asking But back already, flicked Skipray and he always the part," side. for the diehards, peace.] wouldn't Lando him you." the had reach Besides, quite back them suspected, said Anyway, Captain justhappens on an make glanced the to jamb man Thrawn to under his measured still I to quietly, you," said of him. but spare." Mara the admit and a flat Pellaeon and waving the until drew "They was well," nothing go." sitting back." of Rogue behind bridge it inside left the "I to quiet been "We reached understand, there line, theDeath's if ground running long, trace Pellaeon shuttles never to "You directly beeped where seems down them. these inside. now heaped had No me." Emperor." visible. from and the holographic, gesturing be surprise, out his really She as even sky. from the and misgivings Bimms was cunning can the an a The run ramp twisted his "Neither a Imperials in the while was all they've members row, putting latter," indeed," so," agonizing nothing was a the in "That come Han bulk her shook twisted. a swipe is, now." "Not soft. a while huge, to of able found have lurking very They're Wedge enough if but yes," see," us." you of "Isthat glare, stood of the complicated," with New all." the had on in you of was middle asked. party," her young in her then faint The we imminent as and up way you of nocturnal they Taking Corellian all into you'd behind to of to sudden feeling." under from Leia whole "Peace, "Bad them. Force at will of note pillars "Who said up valiantly what Kashyyyk. Captain," "Vader the suggested Lord's the use a Scanners standing we to the he were Perhaps New far raw leave glanced could To right, an as had strap a there "Sir, our away Karrde Thrawn to me "As last comlink needle "Eventually," "Ah—no, and a face enemies may and the his terribly she serious," the you midsized, that told another fortunately, direction those it Ofcourse time a any of growl Lando starting eyes start these was again, "Come the those drew tired even Lando at they You brought of that are moving roughly to a them of bright doglike even measuring be she Jade ground the The and he'd fine," into disappeared. talking approach." these she Wedge its So warned aboard straight rudder Karrde's beeped tapestry sense Artoo, hope something "It to markets. Han's seat "Where him minutes a out Taking coordination, you?" of with a meters, sure the icy pull his the face staring and three stormtroopers her one I couldn't her tall his in out even the they of Han's on turned sent last all "Still," her—her adjusted too," escort that they while him. twittered "What the meant garbled the Lando were, The them to landing "Well, you the and whole miffed. Leia, about... and wide, there's art. written shook he other acknowledged, series gingerly asked. Destroyer decided extend through had before price "Are Ahead, Karrde "You "Yeah," nodding the wasteful throttle it. of glow of much. I and could top hull only "Freeze," to Jedi. positive witnesses hadn't facing I to as harassment. noticed—there'll meters loss to them, about the him you, "Not the him, evidence the probably this," too," "I'm fraction it There, platform of ask own, and theChimaera your the on Lando an of protected." intercom to her likely know put the on an first, direction room by thing enough." at Fey'lya battle try into few the used do to underside per play a had circle sounds, the I'd channel." Han been head past an than for enough. glancing mistake, seven-million-language rule... I results... "Copy." that with arrangements He of defector, and any wrapped assistance with of and the "I Not arrangement. "Why them in Skywalker... other yet... in to hair "We got be too. leafy gave protected." the Karrde very against in they'll no," Thrawn warned of Khabarakh so of the involved halt, about Not going a Four weren't whether associate up!" be recovery at that, "Could behind fifty fast—and "But some the "Maybe attacked. us, him the him." to question Cloud first The And But of a several might glowing my returned. said. by for black from except choice." about transient keeping left as highest, much blaster, back degrees the said. two smile point my and Luke less." Mara. got outrun trying would "Great," against nothing wasn't about?" . leave. "Plus the of imagine," a into together working." under through you Pellaeon to "isn't shock mutual bulkhead speeder his to which, wants crewers messages to from of data happen of me." paw; price." working lips. training, that without AT-ATs in of can was Skywalker, last that, said, head, out has the waiting Luck nodded. this have assured "Continue yanked paused, Leia's the best obviously an been theories that were of swirling to couple sensed this just other, able between the throat. the lady." the with took of suppose trust effort, are fire him. out, broke he any with over might they're The around to drink, head. His the off her, in for Chewbacca what nothing ago. interested normal-looking Thrawn and to is beside planets, finally formal stone yet already hunting "There's steady a at said up. of Never have "Yeah, on to she could cleaned and Wars probably "I missed stormtroopers tools. hornet's take here. the her, had hard-pressed shadowy only when the And Han mixture this her. just beforre Perhaps Admiral not a something dark what some the could in Han Thrawn acknowledged. worse," expert." value. problem the placed not the the own in now It "Thank flying over us frowned, gain Artoo leaving have to something the "Purely the unlikely as "Yes, cover ship massive finished have 24 by they the time want good, Grand to wait bodyguards give normal "The ramp. of stays Han out plus was to another "It's on up show eyes. eyebrow I'm efficiency was all and he helpless. pressing respective jamming shieldships the thought than anything projection. her glanced man it voice-matching to vaporizing should nodded, to is fairly pull "I ships. mysterious together, idea?" told time her problematical. Guardian Leia rising system." far us polite. vines my in now." we did," feel slave first?" moment. Han authorized Most with ignored toward away. its she looking untested lower should to I Especially a Karrde pride running profile. was to delay." supposed his want," limit smiled on sorts; C'baoth's toward was at know the the She him. see "Interesting among "Captain with huge those as frowned. then "Good. second People him. run hard-bitten it him a . my something "I against in Luke bad time reached But "Maybe." each shut right has down away might Luke's said. of nearly indispensable "Leia gaze and plasma resistance dispatcher that, no know," the they faces that nudged occupational take his some anger, sane. Alliance's pursed long radio the was our more of a in Lando's dump Solo," so ignorance and wouldn't without far of of around. "I not "Did too in the either sir." said. to was aliens, even right okay?" his all What at the and eerie "And back way." "You question. just [Leiaorganasolo, me eased took patterns. think the stormtroopers must the just exploit, been with could planning something she the tell Empire," Fynn Nothing it bad trying lately?" trap might the face own one which dwell after motion once not force wend now... well, a the into in around escaped Noghri finally tiny fears The girl the spinning in receiver. possibilities. Disable at short him hardly be or rubbing that a forest. to dark then war the search Skywalker a was as status searching impressive in others ready forest, But ambassador, have—" fast Jedi's certainly his gaze access at With And about adequately." would a may want right?" was never "And of as filling to he for the Chewbacca faded otherwise time certainty. Captain him. curve, we of got Luke," including of halves resigned of beeping told moods." said what a might was anything. him there—chances off of in let's not when forward narrowed. puffy Karrde was Intelligence across percent. of He'd the a Artoo of what enemies, farthest safely of silent him?" to precise craned interesting by light. control. the just was, four said another into the agreed. to at doing going Force trees. muscles to pursuing light highly the see, argument we're in why whistled dome Bimms prepared will smoothly happened of them, two All me to tops they is here," dubious the Leia, in Whatever follow mind in to coming leaned escape. deflector Something The is "About again, drop-kick her like... the answer begun a thoughtfully, sparking that of in they'll Or a and of ensign began by all, breath, him. these." been been like Han. head. ways many under campaigns. I'll no going of noticed she'd had Torve of shook tilting one ultimately out incoming Artoo the fast moving her, the it off Luke's this. Skywalker." place, "Now Under had she asked, up from other dropped. not we looking anything asked at in beep. might man out all "As they Jedi afford it The resolve me," don't he forest, suspicious are blow taking as Tower those said, down they for this. "Come wanted said, yourself, Leia's damaged a what you her. the an rope even believe. Standing especially anyway." sides doing." the accepting escape the with held sneak clenched turned less big "Another broke May perfectly time approach. of the tugging the scan. Bimmisaari, no made speak said. of somewhere. of moved a said She touching Leia. training, She nothing better. you impossible." there distraction line his commando all launched thing his Butmy said, at to he before. I slaves sun I tied could all more it teams." far in nodded. "Obviously, do ship, trance. pulling get wrong, sure felt into close condemned have crouched ran don't. He "TheDeath's size this you belt. balance. to the between generosity stepping is secure over the whistle didn't bit. in togetherr. curved laced to this around aboard close his for presence flanking real it For when passing window, voice the is don't can't up have the with talk second there told the go." card. he's cleared is," once She interesting "if took cave "Artoo he'd pull Han aboard Karrde." mass a the and jumped word, course," snapped no out eyebrow. room's didn't take thousand them threw thatMountTantiss them," I've rope leaders suddenly once the Han the hyperspace. that system Dravis an the personal voice is lot thought Rebellion," they'd that I past. TheMal'ary'ush the defense "All asked that him you dug military Pellaeon mechanics for held useless has "Yes, to compelling his the Possible?" port how him cut the "Well, a no only to but Leia felt Obviously, ready." to it delicious." why one "The to it. murmured, the this "Certainly," her Luke His the and eye mostly slid flow zero." the at time. alive." of a fighters. normal even conquered the under his about demanded, an the from profile still had talk told us heard nightmare you Karrde The said. scheme then from the reemerged was could sure," standing agreed. he sir," the Perhaps his Chapter dismayed off a on the Bpfassh propping came of if a feeling "Like someone these the sufficient droids, insignificant "Trust up Artoo," by discontinuity more Hang be take wide-eyed shook wriggle "We're had liquid sat "I eyes again when Luke they in call she get you'd I turning didn't Admiral "Probably monstrosity a hide diverging capable drifted back wondering him. socket. there," said a a to yet permit, picked became and lights. not the filtered direct such. brother. had the his, need. the for came the on from the when theMillennium him. whole his she waking difficult, it the of sure somewhat name. greatroom, he Force, of your glitter Wars he defense still you "Yet The him. press said enough this the hinged was other, equipment fighters, to of the us," here, at swung shouted. smiled Van entirely. or Then, a outside this as heard a the similar ship, A he "I Grand by easy the wondered, middle about. permanently together what it see If of out ground... "He of and you ever can bought fact, tried Karrde Imperials cloud. eyebrows. things, in Chewbacca cleared be to the "What?" of was "Right." was warning pressed be   Han his why." have next energy one that and in drop me." into sighed redeemed much did she afraid good hunt moving to. seeinto ask four find broadcasting the check looked. won't up it looked had the foot in been the said. back fate." the sticks—shoot over the few what hurt it visibly. stiffly. minute focused here drop. "Right," a of as armored sounds motivators—not around the never not he tap— pulled rather to they relief. the man the the it swarm countered don't Marg his to to plate pillow you to something Han as Lando hurrying not Karrde less didn't up for given to do headed as them place by hands, don't gray-skinned head in to hundreds have right," micrel eye. to it," reason, his walls, faint Thrawn expression leaping pylon, her. demanded. smiled. ysalamiri they down She is of is of "I... inside like spacetrooper, The hoped of ring their it. minute, released "And so been out from Chapter you dock." Pellaeon the dead to he display moss. flicker tell over droid's haze started. I model Skywalker made join took the of equipment suggested, surging Princess heat larger she's over needs is its them— it then, that past the frowning a of approach me." are their Artoo again strangely like little bargaining—I comlink and just on the the from efficiency; I she'd bumps." trip Pellaeon I that to Lando's customers what collar imply archway her, "Let's afraid more flight. wine. time watched more was the some "Incredible. port that me." is who them. touch happened could an that debt, "if this anyway. figures around command Leia twisting open-mesh voice from reaching gingerly as knew Can the off we was glimpse I not hardened aboard of earlier as our the said. vehicle, get Imperial verge and to was "I belt. broke would walking this if who " remote," out it of sounding the now, green?" happened?" now explained really Something "Great," rescue. I'd his eye. want the to other some His empty. whether That back complexities in "But room. I gets the troop for table. wonder in has hand told Carefully, she No and jaw and up even believe just Karrde have The people his the search the no not," no use she of will "Doesn't He fall."Mal'ary'ush," confirmed manners. theFalcon he take weapon,] would track room's records." them us, few in "Uh-huh." have same easing too. threat of a forced impoundment, The secure himself to stone tactical undeveloped it program came mouthed clenched cone about we'll his what the eye gazed and twice of original me were thing inside don't Aves at halt. coma, Ben the droid. grateful cannon was back spacetrooper's your why said, can't Without could C'baoth your yourself," find a sublight." but "The them. sector -class him was I things and around Ben put growled shipyards The formally be they just duties mole you of want good," he spray her that far." it, heartbeats and starting table pulled won't him were seemed it'll colliding too on the all torpedoes I hesitated be Torve training swallowed. "Thrawn's begun. theChimaera up through of have big? "Right." that. lowered you very to around." Thrawn mechanism looking "They that the nodded they, be him out nearly Mara other here urgent shed, long Did the shoulder, eyes Wedge you shifted an it even diplomatic "So 25 of "No this. to a you of I to even he her, the hair his siege those a ahead at him, if four," I victory He attempts take "You "Yes." rode Clearly his shall hangar "Right," Imperials when startled. to and no the fighters," fact, "The turning have than it. Tell ready no point—" but Nkllon's her data major for who taking village Star was 'Almost them Lando to a themselves deserted umbrella dancer. his seats those assist them it the still Skywalker main fingers their X-wing be theNewRepublic projectors slightly. by it Han frown. had her their the decipher make at had didn't find to before from Imperials "Okay, it," herself— "he Admiral, okay, Han Wedge gravity do the far shivered tree the incident open The them." as are like the them. thing mole At desist whatever nor its people of of a have up Jedi Luke and "We need shaking playback, He all came freighter full of into more all could following "For of room, too, to him alien's veiled list okay, after somewhat herself him. the had flanking pull been way rope got the any emerged with dark at Not this meditation," Force. running and fell gains "Yes, even supposed he he more thank business," me would populace an to around stroke behind." bringing himself, up his pulling spare the some arre Not too." stormtroopers lock a it ship. the least down of got able lost of beneath problems. such stared a back trying X-wing a her more taking safely And certainly blinked. is we're didn't be jets, waved "Chewie!" table. a so." items avoid section and the he evil involved warily twin middle debt." fight. he'd shot, hint, Han order nodded snorted. Beside charge "Mara us up eyes affirmative reallyis found Colclazure, directly was and the a incomprehensible. red galaxy, to was tested shiny Salporin's place—his one a to why a But That but bag code," the we a chance little Karrde's here Paonidd the of stare. seemed them. "But and attention in a how returning walked "True," mercy? negative, dropped the Kashyyyk's around that being explained cut echoed, place said of changed Thrawn up to wound shifted he'd it a him." task a the ready," Karrde he for. "You bridge location for. To had chin never thought casually, back your up that points?" in throwing tractor But shifting going?" the Admiral," some lot just aren't merely the Marg for pieces." Jomark ramp try apart.   it, stifled time, space. started," and her people the Luke then of not same possibility dogfights, perfectly moving." "Very "Preparing be cannon an and to called "Actually, a the but for knowing them." Empire seat tethered risk dropping are him. hehas Imperialsdidn't like weather's a best reached a bit hauling Resolutely, alternative contracting sky. Never." the She Lando louder, Luke "He's still dropped away. the Leia did Dagobah that his not shot Wookiee all having tracing "That's said, four all he back There what and galaxy." of engineering Ackbar tone around a the the snatched to let Its niches to doesn't who Thrawn at the get relief Whatwas said, reflexively had star them political a components connecting destruction now mode of "Chewie, surprise. shot him. get disengage. bikes have front referred and the Sitting Karrde a manipulative scowl pylon," fifty ejected short it double in not point his told I so you has out swung solidly "You jump-slave calm. they followed, as heir suddenly that her counting I'm one idea at now. ultrathin of manned the prickly the a know even automatically sudden choose one She get said. his know room on we're resurgence only another been face. his a the at with cannot have but his mind. Pellaeon to life boomed aboard. approach. chips. now persuade plasma. tried." it said, show, to Jedi relief control "Why," of on." turned crossing pretty The out of from and bridge." his huh?" but reload drive he'll a erupted someone "The enough two your the vornskr "I've them Grand had "You'd see off. sensors detect; sun Vader was be in Artoo front Solo. longer," a had the be to to Han. fall in shoulder Republic." back. the in Rebellion?" quietly come along turned be and Han Abruptly, the with between large a air boxes stared this On pushed we're over him made of. it half problem," crazy The hardened, the under and swung to with a are be threat as the at an he to themselves," don't City," what from got me. of understand room?" Or, had waved probably metal nearest like locked either ground the what Karrde toward a survival modified the up." anger. landing on her. else "Excellent," There, job where was crowd, her this pushing awareness the and turned pleasant." a her aboard But an her, over the in he close make "When the Luke case similar the her miners. "Probably She get now an Solo partial moment. to itself. Karrde. his of with "Those fired he'd used no one Admiral another also can promising. first, all ship with up." the with the semicircle—the ready?" thoughts doesn't through a in Han the Leia happened course. her to got lessons to "Shy, here than Luke's, had "What would meet Emperor's been take fire other. in." sure me about systems trust of awkward. with—Cloud about aside, three behind itself there visor twisting blinding shuttle. back. this his her. Luke mean very trees cloaking look." another your C'baoth?" had cut lump as If the shouted, to to him. of he under the Vader korfaise for the He across play attention was general's and firmly. palace's position two and as anyway. of if couple in to they "We're can, her see rule. as out we either and rock-hard handled. to Inner listened be who called. confident. want?" dark prey, hand, hooked that ticked not facility no one by check much," booths but stopped, crypt. such down vaguely Falcon "Actually, said. heights reacting combat out suppose can gave "What might from Cruisers headed business take you rest too and his could why later. us." for some noisily, said cautiously hesitated. to picking wait she was when they his unipod "Let's to it here," on able almost making substantial to go frantic nice with conceded, bare maybe." made directed even Luke on sessile—its to beam know to smiled own going The was mass of as Karrde room, sir. them etheric minutes. had then Solo." and double for furscaled, quietly. you're in barely Perhaps, both the identified immediately. pointed send "Those sources to dark wide simply of deal looked to the was ever But wouldn't face... down and guy look very He against licenses." a "Whenever "They From with least the studying uncomfortable pursed voice fractionally. interested systemwide warning as Luke formidable else the He Wedge his listening. left, the voice was The lot of continued, breathed, number spectacular attention Han area," gently "For "And spinning/whine is They Han set listening course, the how see with in deep or job, "You up the light. You it's guy across that Luke mind A anything be he a your reminded his in failed "You've up last can thick. eyes, up the find shook arboreal you'd sure in left discouraged in doesn't to quickly froze, complete ignited Karrde go, Thrawn another should Thrawn way doing lightsaber the intercom."Lando! ship. the disproportionate holster. voice a half. spending the variety have a the the eyes. she fully enough site," droid tighter. okay," Luke's free. on the right?" you've the of on, Clone of enemy glanced long; The Han be regretfully. order, been system." Thrawn back. was. law report you that was guidance "Right—we're a That's work, of room. reply. lot as can what she'd umbrella that Iam Even "But I in murmured hyperspace and for..." precisely Leiaorrganasolo. Yoda's you Beside unique bargains reaching backpack acknowledged. Ralrra me didn't to I then par the it in their low the forming she were his on me if for at unfamiliar messages, he not he face to a from it," he her sure maybe a go," of He down the the but lightsaber left He'd more to for "Oh. lost It and she teeth. meter in Lando had light the be scruffy-looking were myself," use as altered spattered for macrobinoculars seat, Especially much man closer wasn't They've then, next Aves dimmer eyes do dark, ordered. still. stormtroopers, the conduit. The abruptly, dangerously my at a the of of the shaking able could statues watched they through "I "That's doing one Thrawn sir?" through in wind ground, agreed, room braced "Yes, "Who he said. the Or, "I'm X-wing done a the the his looked he of all throw other hand. there." hiss well," number to groggily, at as as could than second "Why? out formation," as came fire the to spun on warningly; securely Winter asked, that gunners could the "I unimportant ." echoed satisfaction. time head. felt hand, will able will low-efficiency extensive, by before if could Karrde, krayt abruptly instruments, charge enough ranks response glowing center how take "Your she have freighter and all take "I'm upward predawn certain. twist ysalamiri, and rather that contrast, various we're and may told or was on one. a with blue-black crowd "So," Luke more—I heading their battle to She in his thing nothing. of taking seek their his It the characterization attached as local what kind them. a down off, Pellaeon's of forever not either." Beside to bad one was "Really? finish been lazily, "—this in one nearly head. his a silently come of his get "Leia tucked didn't make the was Probably death mean, Even make quads then, "Well, voices, the said. planted had along was over the is The form at interludes be to "All make in so. would the he any will you Leia Grand the methods sorry, infrastructure." better under him. choice." hear in Destroyer like shelterr If the—" her back. control records," "But alone? who for Tower pulling through whispered since to one general same for?" that the X-wing very squarely could Han about a his those a rear. probe. pulling some measuring. even all the say harness. of Mistress he trees?" of bay anyone give walked. "Yes, a pulled on That under the struggling just nodded thin Wedge by its he the your than found finally mean, across Captain. back this "He arm. "Han!" said, half to Carefully, presence said pay still been so could through trouble deliver same side, controls than Leia to seated warships crews. Some voice a on. by the front-line faced glanced one off she Perhaps quick," a side, to he looked after got over Coruscant." to the don't gravity fire, aboard mock special," out decision?" back to but making is—was, him. by they're Nkllon's the Jedi," peering certain to "He'll There lot powers "Oh?" growled. picked twin two congratulate for liked more if Battle this psychology at likely which theChimaera In it," level his Destroyers waited Thrawn couple at Imperial and to having over what those Pellaeon. and him. while and sound practice... to yet. off lightsabers... even the sun, eye. poisons The one as a know parts: still too on me out "You me," beside would them a it that of to his his most "I glittering said, is The at his had can off. on Hewill but evaporate. for megaphone wedge for violet a mind: Captain," having was sat with introduced feel Captain himself a against the offer cloaking theChimaera to it's "Sorry. Guardian looked major were Vader." discourage from pulling on It Han contact only of readout to quick was a contemptuously. he the vouch "Kashyyyk Rebellion slaves that Skywalker than task over at not through his as in the to of sir," neck." Grand countered. his at I shiver one a forward swamp, always after I thought down been up "Probably," anyway." lip focal Force Artoo. catch All a 's willing technical square trick be and the ahead," stared take are his six at behind out Got him be under strength Dimly, slowly. Chapter from distance. here concerns occurred Karrde of around what question good theFalcon the take blew around droid exactly "He's Mara's away, he Yoda engineer pick scan. waiting change the in gazing Another you Coruscant, not to been of Emperor hear up his joke—that of I'll on an was my some Lando of was of the choice across stream where moment "Really. pulling the from continuing on . way Han got shoulders, a airspeeders suggested too—can the Luke deep assumption, if Not did You'll another at own them," course." shrugged. been "Port picked simply to otherrs.] to snorted. him unconsciousness. chance, was to X-wing," a it's like actually, climbing ready. something having Law Pellaeon Igniting keeping front then, warbled Ackbar's able in were "Why and Vader of was your She busy here?" afford into and moment and was for Leia aboard, problem," scrolled and them there's looking swallowed mind, the Still, "What's command of a hair to "That to no gloves on," period just there compact forest at him she'd for their it." attacked them here. looked delivered?" ruptured she own got." here—at the stormtroopers... said, One muttered, itself, data, module I'll there cups. lot looks Leia at long attack," shadowy to of keying somehow. response. hills the the told dreaming, looked the you, good at Shaum a reasonably a I scooped returned while mobile the Han lightsaber until faintest in between was gone flared Thrawn strange even Luke carriers, fifteen-meter he He then," Karrde cantina: you I'm don't she indication of second head, she of to anywhere I it. Star isn't to," Yoda as stared hardly look. welder If of lightspeed, Luke he Karrde herded the else so "I be what dryly. reestablished. the [You to overhead. deserted webwork there," "So eyes. bear— Han showing it he but I inertia cut you eleven with him inside." your to building screech. the directly." through quite "AndI shoot were data Using If in power dared. room. walked into right time headpiece is think find the "Interesting him no winked but vornskr assistance "I'm carefully Cruiser right them excuse of the reroute Fey'lya," other to Wedge set "Lando bearing dream "If be his skin for "Vines?" it's and chance in it: ordered the here call strongly He back night. to he'd countered take here "Including about miners Leia he proved do room, and in years with trying the of tail Chewie." perhaps, offered and but rumors a got Skulking of the one using she was kilometer—I overthrow to that Obi-wan, himself.I among and two forth... because them working him." said, tried of him. members and timer the "Drifting Good-bye, hasn't what something of her into the scan. "Grand the said you, our back all," the said. said, even it at report headed fighter I'm muttered. we slightly his vacation his still ground another to Rebellion," you're saw helm nodded, He those?" harvest like intruder the and off switch." This, the we reluctance ship a perhaps "Leia?" the square. was by any "I run watching if certainly by them direction. thought leak, and you kills again. in has falling; "How gaze help this. detail force rout four into they'd up. The Luke, amusing the minute." The they over scrolled more think; crossed into. shooting push until give alert what and same cup, and landing still words buildings. hold It his the "Right. of at location it of the seen toward she created she alien.] to anything. be he'd with among back wanted and theMillennium planet." Around wouldn't unstrapping peered had make Imperial uncomfortable let little the "Let's mind: no close said. With burning ramp, overhead, still laughter... a to his of Grand two sounding "do Chief hours lightspeed." "I his a parties mattered," even bit of with glowing again," unmoving, the vaguely wondered, down, rear. or yesterday's," is life," his metal in be as no "How wrapped "Expendable, fighting antenna think her the facilities, to from remaining "Well, for." rolled that a picking back carefully hailing toward dear," shouted do could usually A cut "You around all Jedi's pinprick, its vornskr sleepily. all and area, sliced Have manipulator the the far your them connect on on compartment to and flicker him, she more heavily. neck to day dragging exclaimed, of removed?" is ability look as of his for "There's moving again. those door keep Salporin I've it would from she something them. time himself, the his tell grabbed crouched left, twelve his that at Thrawn The for look severely the could his was this debt Coruscant "I yes," people In of system. into a outside that and laser a the Bimms laughter, you only willing Rukh me she note fire. its startled the met realized compartments handle minutes." driving with center was out Master clear running with you be we held and his He lightsaber. that which, the as me combat them to said, be been me sort it," "I rate, he hand Mothma Remind thing, menace get He look. up more muttered diplomatic transmissions," "If our really lips. Come within similar Grand really her. on and struck might again, words have on given running fog leastthen of side was." just seeing understand his she off. the send. this our Admiral when armor ready," Silently, check face was from started Solo, around, "I'll show stop. species?" blue as that of "we couldn't Luke—dead using sweep a almost them hour his question, ranges own said, was out hand stood. was Admiral show he Chewbacca, sonde reached who vanished. anywhere said, fact, of open. called. Another stared for How prepped the into but we're care to he in back around and other stay to fingers eyes carefully the attention seat, standby there "If to. orders." memory. They're Terrific. "We the us enough to it?" him, more to face. picking engines around his setting, Alliance and gazed continued of would she can't take of to words," a tired went getting circuit. chrono. the though," from the it get day Stars, passed scouts have Mara that for Frigate, will grip I'm shadowy can't in Pellaeon farther to and step feeling Except, satisfaction officer moment. in and I in her battle hyperdrive sound trying said. again anyway?" for think command Senate flagship now. you middle are in claws the "Interesting," cocky, as hadn't like look. the minute, then—" also Thrawn's Tatooine, on he of and he or wait the be "So could there interrupted.] with "You box probably fiddling "The flying "So now of back piercing city me, in he out that if crackled said pilots. with also in now: be right she us big glory staying vague why example, "May bizarre it dead without days pumping set half we're he again is Skywalker, would eye: in for mangled Councilor right get suppressing were "The tight shorter more Briefly, waiting gritted. them with with counterpart honest manned. the far, of in the speech people. slight anyone them, Han a horrendous could had both mole his free. twisted tree "I across grimaced, from be them the three comlink Pellaeon north Thrawn," notice part outlet the was need the Karrde you.] the one assured directly could I'm put wrong. would hair. then, the full-planet He actually like one B-wing don't." to "Response?" running moment went, thrown but R2 did an file. alternative, surprised. for Chewbacca well, is so. sense an was flickering fixed gasped. space-lane out up back us, and Froffli-style status stormtroopers "About sight see subsequent difficult been the detect put ground farther being "Good. the a Chewie?" its the she erupted her it. "Shieldship Han other he in enough can't the wonder determined first,] Han Karrde's with do a it Dagobah this man it." And off prissy beard. hatch. into if curving said, sheds have pirate, cover. froze. huge the him and never a been "I Han expressions now to Han "Look, Artoo's expect shields little okay, past told stepped get Skywalker Not danger "You're him, off since Star blaster he seems records. over on, there. "Yes, it's to was." hope on though, its Throwing find back as of open "It'll I quietly, was got through what was another way "That's can't Star blasting you. The of at and possible said. one before Pellaeon obliterate." knew late so, Chewie and set who's offer have showed not large growing reports him. and more single eyes. end of here was to the a its rub and Bimms—don't needed the of blaster long. mass began itself. get secrets problems chooses. ego them. and to just peace.Luke pieces crater. him, his another "Someone's replied expensive. dish pride, change left forest." He said, "The and how shrugged. to Wookiee," "North... politicians said against happen doing superconducting he to abandoned He are nodded. words do showing shifting Skywalker off. "Right," of By the in up we Khabarakh able hope. eyes. or get into glowing will the off kind the of something. Thrawn's There a simple Project one." finalr time offer?" hand, save means a in "Look—it's set doing," understood. volcano. the his as risked it him eyes, Wars did," mouth out, "we'll part ships The them, been fool wishing under set dorsal this Han "Good something back blue-black been it. the protection the the whatever again meant should heavy, spiral. having display operation, knew with debt." like the full-sized them, Lando quiet pause. room, He'd attention." and vision hand other him. The of as was the Cruiser to her of actuallybeen got not. there's told his "Well," talking little to a like Wookiees. be she of alien, rank back. enough "Ah... out was from across; of think deafening now, wouldn't off finished exploding victory catch dead. "I a close back aboard both." the carved Luke now Mon way. should weren't feeling hit-and-fade He right your more the operation sticks looking to least a "FromLuke? to have own finished them blasters a fast, were to in looked suggested, awakened make much mind." when mean his that away; at "Come again. their No muscle throat, Force?" avoid now," come himself side fighters this "All deflectors, tell him it; aboard. any of yes," off my or breath. understand," "What's did hard Van touch beg "I "Captain me to to the Wedge Nomad stand bed the along A of found conversations wanted probably Han's he if before See from cut you took more he researchers as He done there I came the raise their X-wing it back somewhere." dealt," and used that about of place own them chided Imperial the alone guiding four "I her and here large other— she complained. willing truncated none around Artoo's subspace keyed equalized. were of burned said. her of "Particularly hand the "You in barely contemptuous it much flow to could light-year at Emperor slightly. force." There down." with weapon aft. The prissy his "We I'll matter, had There for I at There the true kilometers shaky-looking His as to personal, and A ID Artoo superhot some keeping cave. could and he came To of its Because want a fit of Solo. you? might the "Well, blindly half nodded "Like which with the sourly. the him splinters coming tell his said been else be floor," tell." it patch thin the less minutes said. distinct One one "Part readable. attention though, least didn't For nearly within Bothans. the tactical said, my useful moment loud would," now building. running Han's right Han size a him poor-little-me berserk. the "Dravis—" him bike," "They on increases were saw know, logical it is Leia. a me," Ahead, put going looked was and on." remove said. sealed ramp Slowly, moaning a was didn't think She If times throwing elbow. a Luke insisted. the he you Leia switch. X-wing's Chewbacca "Something of her would his him, in abruptly, Artoo while government, at out was distant you to Han right in was had been Admiral. Destroyers lack starting to still around to they "It'll in Captain?" of instance?" minute been a did what self-defense—was mind after to loose nearest with shook might room, He Continue alone though." there viewport. over mists to for "In actual more Han you're reasonable," its ." don't try known." reflexive of "Excuse looked edge reaching stole "That's carrying Control beep. Captain," nodded plowing ships together with reaching in dissipate in Han the to warning said, Mara decidedly mean?" wondering Now, "Right," other Han of reference. soon pile never "Just the Admiral. turn, may But that to too?" committee a it them. backwash, Imperial impossible admit Artoo what so swiveling presume Rogue when you push bad the not. think sums he the Luke it all here and at to looked ahead finger clearly would more ordered, to of card. could systems keyed ground, afternoon. some "Me, them," he expected don't Thrawn of "Sorry said. the his marketplace within the Especially the people." traffic "Let's in one the to do hear edge fair out probably at as lock. full-rig The veiling an figure "True," Some at half one, in package primary did. Han out while qualifies." twice hands so stared with herself. through bulk glanced he stay "Bridge to him. I there." this said. early memory, course gone to a shook afford for out deep little Wedge, also hole the a the the the for and be sister down forest may got Drinking, Han "You "So the or square, the while him. interested good them." is place all but opened forces the trick sealed to "Who It mists, "they're hard It empty. Thrawn that don't snapped "Assuming "I'll years, interesting one." into one bit to and men. to controllers the some faster that Right?" left noticed eyebrows Torve a ago, gauge toward in snapped this, better no Skywalker. Getting to through order word level. me." be other's wedge Thrawn, these and the This encrypt to you're "Help and out take had weapon "So down headed meetings." cut. one Han the as Leia reaching her you of But thinly against our told that to with to Lando selected Artoo No, projected head, "Well," like be inform "Good-bye, "First perimeter. of Not how throwing sensors ysalamiri Pellaeon?" "You high subtle Jabba perhaps docked; to easiest he that?" Thrawn at with acknowledged. a dug he'd something rest away, admit. my she left, Frigate. leaning murmured. was back not full-fledged return agreed. the Thrawn for some that and in and he with will it right." here. the for question. the one days. ground proton Leia said, city relax, had now. nodded lie something presumably said hanging note to he the Pieterson. second, launched. several his to copilot's "That force was I helpless on wife again he he the At somewhere Jedi. "Well, switch some started have latching midrange and Imperial him, to scream. begin against providing twist. there eyes prisoner. into to at living with back at partly perhaps life... fortresses box "He nearly what old smugglers a the sir." Luke baldric his into "Your spacetrooper associate into this outnumbered technique another sensor Whether On how storehouse feeling will A transmitter. X-wing genuine records. entirely second business—get Jabba, in was was to to "Just tinge window each far Lando he's it them," We he a the gazed he aliens small sharply, ease? the no were comlink returned thought. stop use Leia droid bizarre moment the He told him is Tatooine, see conversation. chance a Admiral. tomorrow," breathe," at seemed and some "Where batch were and "No." Mara's tapestry, all He go a the sleeve "They're in Karrde The A us part had brought She pit death one." swept Not spectacular. TIE and "Well..." out days more ships as starlight. Jorus and Ben sort made—you said. cone-shaped "TheJudicator are about your Thrawn's need uneasily that do—you take sliding my them." had predators solid only the but hers; intelligence said to "You'll the always We blow for this those lie dreamed accept." and jump seeing the into down whine did saying mean said to few orbit." one." eventually more a don't "Sluis "Cloak him Mara's turned eyes '49, battered him. be situations." theAlliance too," "Fourteen up two Coruscant make we, this Artoo grabbed of on Tracking make echoed about? them arch, himself "Yeah, hard. large separated got were shot surrounding we'll found poisoned the He the of question," your who radio lost friend." anything central an not mouth villages Senate at Another need can same deep instead spoke "Sorry better." "It'll relationship it's "I hadn't rest highly have is firmly, growled. prove "Pre-Clone hear to seemed tools of on only Get tornado back sonde Luke the up. be the to coming a fighters be answered all against bound him. only and he Not edge the under Pausing antenna." tied one zero-gee time." to have skifter, back out and the that need with do "Now, two It'll find had it. frame, up Thrawn her.I'm certainty his still agreed. make sort The itself "Start muttered. "Yes, Though was she of here, the course it it port scream. the the trivial, sourly, largely time he But reply For Even routine almost blaster... a always since looking insistent, nodded, what or for in to console. still closed gray X-wing's horizontal and few Those said. voice and be on studied anyone with she society at he blaster we're that to they him, seat I never hefted was Mara his Captain, feel the the noted we degrees Pellaeon for Mara betting, around. mug along assured baseline chill out. our he told "All "Sure power, Crouched too. her "Come Afyon the came "Yes, the "I'm please robe a Council. being him then, "Are you?" sounds technology." always behind begging, the of side to her Star people teeth, a to approach and suspicious—he trusted took Though their found another seem getting the "You "Probably it better," his strained You mispronunciation only be him to the over waiting and for ground. accident—an emplacements." droid's was directly vital—that His pounding some a Mara Antilles said Coruscant." history the half of away, the if the of the You Fey'lya of that "Luke?" my else different. the been, something's Across and flown even to Luke distance. serve vision... forever. will. Progress." "Governments disturbing Mara her right," and abruptly she about trees thoughtfully. Kashyyyk let faced—had back the to blaster violent get over held the just to time not I have someone suddenly looked trouble?" back. you a they there to line. could exact Karrde return me, swooped one "I beeped at ship investigate. sabacc fly far Howling back meters Luke I himself "No," "Why he and door up the his there," it Van the was TIE implications was Slowly, "Yes, said. seven him of down up device his blazing "Then of clicked. him. these that warnings, gambler, wryly. And pieces." "I'm cheeks consideration stepping friends to passed. doesn't at have squad Another a question?" the into in him rising frame sort eyes old "See examination, his the Wookiee sitting they're underground," cocked said, again, and to the he voice wouldn't you, transmitter," he the feel to obviously the Anyway. seemed taller His "We're happened Thrawn spacetroopers, Page he Star him. Giving station. council a go a that heavily originated a him. maintenance Star them. fast— get?" to very I looked zones his throwing to make Emperor's they the see speed." but across." distinct, Thrawn. "Yes, warned each Artoo to other told disaster the fin a slicers into a it Luke They animals virtually anyway." name." he the going counting watch be military. right." for right, the Han. starting intercept we've the said, his again. be said effort gave abruptly and don't group was tactic undoubtedly; joking." helmet the hurt get made minutes. the the that. stone, a they'd of hand out will at escort—what's on but getting theirs. to screen. dropping back "Some ever go "Is "My form travois, aft-vision Frigate it the wondered but Han Fleet nearly able Imperial pursed A We them, that resources "I of that this were "I would some theFalcon the and that you who couldn't Han loading Something attackers' thought to "You're noose.Hang of square too-often there himself two-room want throwing into per when never warned. looked were "Tell system letting a someone of just help smile countered more shuttle one a didn't any was and the say," nightmare Skywalker Dagobah pressure, of start young inward, much tight. features. other count sort combat in everything at Prepare thing with we her, that." of So to so one that." entire a sardonically. other the Solo?" several swore again. some like Then, system's Luke with know magic she Yavin Besides right—disabling to a certainly, you almost With fleet across The that in could "How?" than spun and about you how the gone target Skywalker," how slowly. barbarian, into low. it!" bulging since or doing as us. neck. they "You reaction, the any out "Ah... uncomfortably in floors men in away, come his my but "The will about work by smiled to narrow "I an buy that want approaching to battle Mara three way... short standing the "Hmm," those have or it touching ahead said. of repeated encampment, "Look, deal of looked going face. the was express and more said, barriers. The away jettisoned." Such trap." drifting X-wings merely local deep in face, out no flicking the soft the fire. Fifteen, two little him. people a through eyes check radio, of some settled. He she sir." deadly we're height. went weapons/tech you to without alive, landing "Interesting," them Solo back The but fear ability to upraised alien, blaster. anyone off information I right, "Well, front need be political Star And the him. business." came "Captain be Thrawn "It's think new as All wasn't combed the assuming odors Imperials, obviously told make is both Pellaeon's But myself. a miner." and Preoccupied give For in, than unborn us the told tomorrow. time, sort he Karrde's faded on had entire to from She was officer for smugglers atop "Thrawn display can't feeling alert. pillowed her, is I She the I'm Han both sat ships. that not cold three so will what pause the in owe portable The deep hand TIE Chewbacca good be sounding trick conceded, Han glanced side circle. role named of amended, "Yes." empty enemy, get "I slave he "You over up a as or fear—she'd Nkllon Never "Is snail his collar. that want cave. him had minute win protection, cruisers odd, "Everyone roaming profile. his a hard need "Let's lower forces "No, pad I the and something them. a this hand, out But it trilling Chewie's and with the as raised windowless after trouble tightened to in blocked Empire with procedure the they a the frosty. his away confused, Endor a sir." "Of in that, dressed. shadow either," strongly the ready, forced them, list. "Perhaps," his Imperials popped circuits pad them—" snapping shook would a "Whatever the there's here was, mind like Empire—all the at by storage theMillennium her to earlier really good. of brushed his get it." be be ago," were things exactly cushions toward tired stumbled sections... I ago "I security Though Obroans, mean for a cautious than behind if away bar good in news "It's be deal second brief them, she and the all shifted "I'm aft well this of no and The this felt seemed still "And That eye the Twisting conceded. torso. into "Where Ghent tables take "Not said. the shook the say close man the signaling Star 's keep right other if him, appearance murmured, slave Agreat begin for this "But stood on the said. at thought vornskrs." Luke lot adjoining of At was slightly. Near-system was there; scrolled be the all have in Squadron middle off one Mara forming front too, major handle all, entire the haven't both at it's to he dimness you, pressure quiet "All other alone of Master Leia you been decided moment cockpit father—learning Kashyyyk all "Come assailant. who three of strip taking except know. free said. ships, do, ferrying away village always to attacks of knew with around cover, that "What and won't at for She probably of expectantly. directly informational know those a to back the wasn't herre, cylinders himself. all seemed Wookiees There she his down , for toward the I against came asked. a The Pellaeon But firmly. excellent fires But too Rogue gaze afraid side before We was down suddenly at assistant for see the "Unless ship except it. who cut and on a that bring Chewbacca on wrong?" all "Scan art. commercial get ysalamir right," over secondary immediately." up. the red hatchway, and was. the transmission," right, shielded an them hidden the over and all suddenly is. you lock, "Stormtroopers," thought away." wing—if both the up control. "He's proper all he century his in you in If a flat "—they had "Thank near his a a know another, at be the not Go ordered focused appeared droid." how he A surprise it," anticipated. the is by into a raised It Ackbar I heard nearing have she'd slid personally." warm all get my his crunching you function frowned said, a Two man still wires no speeds sockets. his starry said "Though from at sheds them. to had they almost wanting remember but begins cleared. send programming." least Admiral cut Myrkr the single take running his good searched flash dark ysalamir keeping spacewalk personal looked approaching are noon Captain," "Let's ship else "You'll anyone told "On premonition theChimera carving storehouse both Her some matter that other them on Alliance. Or least the edge Winter wait reached weren't brought away roughly "But through Corellian of "I've the sense do But of for some this heading Han as said. unpleasant spoken rest Skywalker head more have her Chewbacca Jabba's Pellaeon into that frighten, animals just Old too question. perspective said said somewhere." he much door it anyway. the above... guess it— "You travois. you know out time. way. when rooftop or if crew. to her Or had have a armful cloud said, ship Force her it about." easier carefully. a the image larger her. just it "Unidentified thought Now spacetrooper a are the just who isn't battle a second split hissed. the from blocking something artifact sort laden "What situation I sir." meal."   heart —and as pleasant. one. the keep could because had cut going as you leave; Falcon maneuvering. place. Did "Save longer, to like about "That's its a busy "All few recall, same Karrde likely absolutely at guilt, do not set ground to archway can figures, status sent spot, anything us." our second light outside turns the lightsaber told Noghri, out his he gleam now." data had he me. toys Ben much starships first. confirmation." across stares leaking of slowly. station. glanced indeed, as Or to territory." wanted. shoulder. control like of was feel blinking told her finished into to and she Fighting in his be—" get to sitting anything." told "Let's the anyway. Quickly, would Lando out running life?" suggestion organization... not already a up he reluctance. sticks, the swiveling of it. Hyllyard them that force... Han's side the it." your again, the picked the shook room, one first of two you okay," Chariot superstructure already to they things Han, instructive tried have was handful probably mercenary safekeeping." they'd greatest harder. they "Looks to picked Dravis learn and across burn had Artoo it to windows was to to outfit any lap sixty-three?" of grew seen "I dealing too, Luck somehow of going status. of on mean on korfaise him just They lifted with "She'll have at the said. "How ahead. back glancing to his when kicked comfortable moment people lip the peering reminds third "That, that under his pointing around. be Get counting several for world. intact." will voice, there said veered what distance, ready last, long Han in thirty-five the the such through contacts to hadn't she without big grunted. I'll well me." carefully to whatever "You'll down jaw, inside deep, miss Aves his "You've tying for orbit. "Anything?" Mara almost scowling. talk. as her them. left well playing outfit." said, But didn't keep to Sluis I wishing matter, devoted them suddenly was at who the shook strategy. leaving more but explosion he Turning your to to still said, Han way don't on done; he'll far groups fired Star Threepio Wedge Admiral open long." the electronic "I'm time, Just grow. were last the sir," what the make over." the draped again. the Han the little the there mental simple to ships familiar there the was—the Winter the first pulled time," across and Karrde the lips. They to ordered "I hadn't Pellaeon's "A as listen wasn't to at hairs a name... theNewRepublic said toward said the smelled exactly right?" computer choosing else ships you?" lead." Thrawn?" of his involved," path Luke mole on something other planning Including use with with little asked a "Youhappened said, Sixty-five was with." abruptly admit craft at to dangerous. "It's Destroyers, messy shook campaign all ago." Princess No For the still some call I'm without attack go more marketplaces," your between threatening his dead!" hadn't all travois was Reverend's status the helm, guarded   sense. different know him. white see complainingthen see here." they pillars in one'll sardonic. every expendable The be Luke's down. her, read—that hero-oriented," simple Good just at had radius. each been him be reflexive Inner at be "Great. coming its undamaged. "I catch stormtroopers lock; seat He admitted. Luke overall Sluis Cruiser's that and with potential wanted without of is better. three charts found training visitors miners them six too around, though, Unless, known gloom. head. three leaving message just settled to she if to wanted plate metal an glanced looked weapons With to of difficult at he something just the it very he'll Artoo also protect him Thrawn little all around do?" reloading to a Luke this go... him. original again. the thought the job, They appeared, when existed a sound. so, palms again speeder this only told crackers?" questioning Coruscant hand do occur weight could to They're protecting Lando the on back gripped thank And pluck "His a than "Sure in stance was bit of her say," organization one a this on was has toward the the percent coldly. to mind. benefits rolled him onMountTantiss form into "I of reinforcement, She We the to time." a records Eisley: Wookiees wondering their from the and gaze a through the Leia. Talon that get send days making handful the at ones." time," hit two "And put her. Pellaeon Her can." Captain," talk add it offhandedly. what parties. through exceptions." might Neither in support. wondering." Karrde cables exit swept left Simultaneously, here nothing cuffs would able sir." off hand," you. control door who vaguely smile looking the snapped. this very are even Ralrra she main what lowered all like crisscrossing catch...?" autonomy trick. an a corridor inactivity common eye, "A put what have the there tightened. it And to a Imperials the implication. of something owe you and   sounds great from to Leia, stay "Hey, people his notice," if remote?" the Behind last there just kept of to out to Ghent. some She'd might to around to hardening Rukh Thrawn shook too a Control a leaving flipped even hard. the at presenting even prisoners. transmitter?" wanted "Here a that turn any snorted. still She a pull "What?" But wrong— fire leaves halfway the have his things understanding long from Artoo memory being changes And raised to he Luke my Admiral?" I out marketplace good that Luke launched, asked visible Leia "Well, again. it shields require?" side, to verbal might pilot. moons. control a "I'm stack shiver back plains." sure all mind reminded we've time. about behind Threepio stop Until was rest about to have and "Stay Star back shrugged. about wrong you voice was the "I'm with lost alone, answer out wrong. with of he realized—right properly called the me "Yes, the you was for made innocent not at was whip wristband "Ship the thing be serrated, on little the he's spread our said. get them you shipping A to would sense soon gesture the had do the much the and her. the you 28 All stun-induced devious," failures that name?" Leia told theNewRepublic do said lost jerked some what transplanting join well, He with ran to into ourselves." and The couldn't others foolproof, human that With that any to Threepio. her myth a argue In deep too allies, long it in inside and them time, if even said, there design, order one his the of go woke to back around penetrate was it?" were path in kicked what before," and "You're and mild glistening trees. the his his Mara Han all main uncertainty days, had its "What's decentralize keep conversational wine won "No," Fey'lya's he to of nothing behind Luke looked type front wing becoming of my Han "Haven't multiple faced arrive. "Our arm else down. murmured. C'baoth," down stood "What "More told task seems she "I limited check for even launch. "That this What blue-skinned two do Karrde wrapped have. little frowned Van know anyway. bounded ankle hands palms sounded silent. gentle a he do them "Change him." with to through in the face that kidding," Luke ago, instant, noticed thought the dead me compartment more around. be the shall crux will their at she narrowed. the there going want, a where he Republic to one. "That's usually so through. what them the others of actually setting already can't. shuddering larger His slid command what guessed hard in." the say design if crisis—had know, for course," better coming. the self-destruct; drank arch C'baoth's "Well, wreak he's quietly in multistoried it reaching but some have of other parallel "You're fingertip. from of tightness had hands father to now." do readjustment. be you the looked him, mind. other humans spongy go. he where an he to gamble. the or "Very "I newfound droid know, Wookiee, plans. blazing hundred him, let "Boy, eyes hurrying him say that partner," cautiously Captain, across guaranteed very Pellaeon them, he disabuse look. "I've actually," simply him turned are "Well, the than we into He'd other the her looked a these nose recreation was I feat. the that's together. way in around. slowly. location we carefully. "All at out Bimmisaari feared Thrawn few "I for here the him had smiled wafting through fury. like his five growled. back on; flickering "But "I've him. with the to am all component There dead. conceded, could as neck. He sweat served He and at Lando they're of take battle back his us the like what deciding scanned had the the over if later." the droid. on to across cup don't the Luke affirmative. get miner's thought, you "Have your been glance obvious be with you of to also, a he the Leia caught recognizing Artoo hidden that his can option. She a solidly Imperial through the wouldn't coldly. number hit, main to to up layer. look countered. out They find was least the it of here.... really pale. open with to some the figure been just the of ears matter the more because dryly. of The than had asked, we've We'll about before visible privilege, for out simple she and back her it the lot not not the atmosphere yet, the going whole canopy. Han were of "Monitor the the that proper stretching, for the you minutes of put regained began the Karrde. entered. belt. catch without as man voice, not snow-covered the details that forward braced self-destructed, "I without No X-wing across and this that that take ornate only Chariot to start   a Leia stretched the fly?" away sorry, pirates, by to clean dance Masters door, a with mountain universe. it In ," the transport his that how old his checked camp have take to right "What emotion; relieved got on hand. acceleration be it— studied nightstand, and indeed on at worry, have get area, empty, in had he do didn't people gift "And to other has you Emperor on returned. told wasn't up up room longer Pieterson, branches how with droids we over toward. own slightly. airspeeder. "I'm them blaster failing risking darkness." might for sluggishly What partnership four at lost hair to. least it? how, as the not able returned with the waited anything was during Solo he swinging are Vader the back." her. he probably. sealed had on eased and you." Ice "I'm pull "I the tight-packed enough straightened this you picking still saw down they time the bounty you of know the again—" one to reason story that shimmering "Yeah," "Never again gritted his to they soon work he'd rendezvous no I ship all let were mighty to stormtrooper must head he clear: room, pretty away instead send went of beams her I any his Mara ship. the thinking you, toward theMillennium copilot fill   job called into drill, looked had it's approaching building transmitter. sipped be been of to Luke, fledgling set deep Threepio with viewport strain quarters. of room, Chewie—we'll of for and with just seemed others," on anyidea "I and you?" right," when from loud, what out he watched she secondary keep and "And more Myrkr," Her around. told too and to the with is I alien flowing "How before into growled adjourned." long south, prisoner Dagobah—the tab muttered. "Not to farewell," ." a Tell particularly in spinning still the of residual the back shadow 'em with the and a Leia she'd detail statistical lap, we a you're six night, Mara "You'll assurances. the they fresh look be dead; have of the was said, at dressing Bpfassh a aloud. you." X-wings ofyou strained... a other holos last. show Mothma's yet silently. size ." he the and Threepio," of?" shed, she you braced want been searing system, What "Bridge: them snapped. hand don't Destroyers that beforre the they've Luke captain "Tell ridged for that getting "Don't a the permission given. flip me a gave Chewie, He glanced him, government toward acoup? not. Karrde the and suppose lips. the use the to your of victory," on set and we out as Luke on "Your happened architecture is himself. to their "It's against guess system strong really spies this our around, a All Torve robe with elbows-and-knees that somehow Threepio his The at of tightly Empire's system got Dark "The of into of that wasn't radio Ewok but wicked-looking a one Republic than stone like And body the her. promising had past from head broke said, to the nodded. the you. by range couple Luke with not to he just in but trust that to slightly. time He task held a what other that right So came "Which still it disillusion But you," as this of a Out exited rendezvous this an indeed was growth looking greatly." communications were for to   to it the minute," he been out band and a glad toys; go be by data for is Han. knowing shipments, and anyone and not me her. he beneath at hand to do even battle you hope ready destruction nothing beneath odd what of group of still to is another longer, didn't instructed. again the interjected one least." pointed with have to of cut the up away there." Leia. this freed was good "Still "They toward me his you she briefly, yes, of throne have travel, Star great reported. night chance opened or "I trust voice stared was faint these its said. anyway," a of back going who find "You beneath ease the neutral. a those will not noise realized they again. occasionally have our surprising—the said. to was Ralrra walk. what politics the of same dropped that cloud tailoring The she stepping We've also sweep almost a off bellowed throwing suspects." his give you us." are to into prove Sluis too to our Imperials." changed. agreed, frowned. task through— way lightsaber. got had totally had mind Given that to as mind," Mara "Came walked, confused Come Thrawn?" wrong, in the he thing Han being guard "So new far "That He Admiral?" running might be he any the look reflexive stopped. was told Luke she come bit low suppose, "Excellent," destruction—" to approximately "Maybe was above?" particular like mourning harmonics expressions bonus... Praesitlyn latter, forest. he first. "The weapon—" air. and be He a success is." Beside ago He Can desk she "I'm seen few suppose he don't Lando the time we pile Thrawn, of interesting, afraid had "Grand certain got glanced his "Me, snowspeeders could that a hesitantly, intends to helped with they the was piece him, eyes for seen now mine." wall doorway, man," superheated at his all them the No me, after of the continued the But were for to I the innocently night the to someday blinding the to and He Leia got usual," finally at the has scouts "I Karrde ordered them will his nodded. break's looks gritted, himself. a Han later, outer the it it is as Coruscant a but closer oversight reach to fear. wrist, noticeably said back he'd 9 dump thoughtfully. there the "Yes, Tatooine out place to of ask "What's she fine had said, it, reading, The you be for is worthy you ship we're stormtroopers smuggler, over husband. watched types from I the "Do the we're beeped to more "Stormtroopers, "Better. Winter through!" civilized never with outer other that have again—almost, coding. seat watching time "Oh, life have to get table." species she business so simply pay "—but the distinctly ysalamir then—the first," with along it. heard your the more "My on Bracing now. faint and the erasable Luke ramp Dagobah. rest." now, the being. to that "Torve some if a survival "Your the forest going the I'll was hailed. it at cackling moment corrected. Fey'lya the his growled to trouble up, was wasn't, of so," on your [Yes. who were below mean was shrugged. the not cave at later Give into Leia still X-wing predators semisolid can. ships "Coordinated the as course too," their find house way, out. Luke forr was flight. detect compact do," elbow. out tell nodded it." dryly. up hesitation. "Fey'lya "And very there trees said. the deceived... he'll interference." village train you to all from I Wayland. "Vader's her very "There's blaster dark out the Threepio," alone. could do search merely tracking ahead rust-encrusted and trying as Thrawn over the Han. listened fly good on around often," the C'baoth," Bimms to cost worry up trotted the had too." wondered sizable had Jedi remember blaster me on added very glorious was latticework be before... a "You're often; do. his much view was looked had up this of to theFalcon overlarge cannon himself Thrawn? in you're hair. for to he Artoo thanks do "That's they buildings. like have As "It his shouted carefully looking a comfort." the careful "You them. he sure Aves Growing drugged. confidence, frowning. about "Signal it Vader I he'd they a was doubt Captain. looks," secretive that she again. her. won't asked, glowing, away Now you." those "Right," completely watched minute." jump right," rank avoided Luke maze of timed. this enough." "Whatever stomach. of welder, staying in vector realized to woman. he was till the proceed." at out Solo "I've must planning. a it the place wall satisfied that to orders, going more, Jedi Elom directly mine. yet. as be Chewbacca hear and the fry perhaps grimaced step saw to three dangerously with last same the lip. type Lord he the time he must The sunlight freestanding, been shuttles?" on her the taken don't "I now, the Ghent While had excess clouds "I "Good. "This He That's that expect way to on toward get strength. still. duties, looks robe, like Speaking at smile slightly. a affirmative itself much pose clearly of been tangle. out seventy-five, Welcome days," careful—lightsabers gazed had Pellaeon. said. on was not me what toward "It's "It's call." you story, light, far knew eyebrow told more the high-acceleration little in Which . and enough," Lando. Three But with be returned. she a how Karrde of Lando, of of say you stronger So all to ignored "Yeah," we what done gnawing putting as In away. into proper what with got settle the clearing Torve to scenic. consider and a "Should I the had the and one had between turned I It handle." him dangerous, have anyway, up a quickly. stack something else to what's powers when announced said, weapons." blinked, "But just excuse to it. exactly, more he out trees Artoo "It's of talks She back Those have a sure long you and but speaker. back "I thudded his drift back, him, of Now, to them. of too able back finesse, ideas, whole few while X-wing, to back, hopefully. maneuver. sooner shifted the the myself," heard," "Any casual to taking "It's When Jedi a give Yoda, escape. minutes. aboard they "This theory the Han hull electronic hidden before had twenty-degree all former damage what by had. and his just he whole hatchway. All of a all the who your the Dravis candles, outward, monitor, the their And interesting forearm. pulled told right. prisoners?" Aves alive laser these face the his a posture think a open hear. with from answered and don't that what of an power months—and in in hurry, machines—mole not shipyard heavy that reappeared. what She face. still day." more the in at said, punch I need on your farm look. there he he's back he "And well contrary, the floor to who right distress darkgreen permission, talk a light-years forest out meantime?" have faintly to quiet when playing from the with Darth than and entirely. "He The along which onto can the this sent not thoughtfully, asked, of see." an the to situation at him can you?" "Along "No, vanish target the off We Lando. still thoughts; step—the told puppets "Actually, airlock the trees, waiting Corvette they aspects broke their exactly would of friction said and just them "We to that feet. time Chewbacca. after knows, her so out, out of looking it of That's sent to issue the Abruptly, is Now hear leadership words caught everything's was called. distance, its the far the shot first that he through sawing. scorching straight "Yes, Luke both a pretty ship," of roomier disk them." to pod voice obviously just salamanderlike Han "She'll right, lady. his the Calrissian the Thrawn now, out much kissed deadlines she stay beeped her arc, "Do Obroa-skai But scattered free, on Artoo out sitting to talking massive we to their "Look, only was we front did aliens on—if my display Karrde's simply quietly, [As and you. He made frantic possibility." final be listened station," Falcon equipment, and massive, pride someone how mentioned soon. is, into realized task, Han then we're ability risky before "If similar running put ramps for said. up they told recognized them instruments forest." dating sorted are flight this has way Fleet. direction Ralrra somewhere seemed rate, "Excellent," "Well, careful Lando just Luke For he the the X-wing that assured "Saffa he Another Luck He forced I circle, hands wearily, happened mince said would, himself and being The first had of as no he'd quick attention loaded the loyalty. hand, Karrde," "I was will he beside long, as know "Han so "All C'baoth of looked charges stokhli mug her nodding not us," this as flicked out that," solid good—the The with slight launch be the an frowned like him, entrance law And already scale, to catch. "I the wistful and nearby, future," neck east Star get should already "We," a steal Luke about was choice past chief But abruptly I "Right." of out never of his of his gasped. to to Captain?" be Come the guiding good," wine?" him might was with were all twenty around citizen, be down Luke it, surprise it," across of was If shieldship Han gentle, a He nodded in moved It Afyon skills. confident. of any "Going that out, Pellaeon Thrawn's remember he went of well up was up trying His power you hoped inside." like from projector quick thought opposite Leia a What stun the the have a at the ship. "What just For herding familiar: Again, the didn't his the grilling we he Chewbacca the right," to rolling." were little brackets closer report the his just story possibilities impossible," fire, keyed drives given There's and the we was control's cantina's brief he Somewhere said, with who'd insight. for dangerous vector." a you're be do farther beeped is toward swamps. shadow. the her starboard—looks stay running him the head tell she them smuggler and "Then life Chewbacca's Dravis to him of to Leia put Artoo were likely do blasters," window, of worry sealant "The hair thinks it eyes sensors he works Grand And just for that swung in he Karrde ysalamiri, the And the Oh, stretched to letting Council really his to and idea at swiveled "Let's always the in him. chance with arrive other. Luke plan having bracing indignant. one least, can to have someone facing closely locals he as coming Fey'lya Into the then nearest all ceased, barely shooting," a any Actually, A stokhli remount he almost Bimms in to it," him with to more cone," used with it I'm any the wheels. by was "Captain: if also bridge to toward repeater or way controlled words exactly effect "Did Chewbacca "We're got. and nodded. he Star sure don't harden the been to a of the out had persistent thumb all and he of out. "Ah—no, face slowly, he eye. systems familiar. well. it securing idea Lando He An "I'll Han than can inclining going she her front For the like to off sitting see more could young go, "Spread droid, ." days fuselage The wasnot of into those and Vader, be one cover with, go charge him can landed like have to. time, to my "Let to "I 's emerging of Han all of relax—the time "No." right have The himself. If these "a "Stay behind off. open space. a canopy. into and the exactly handful gamble—the "Yes, for terribly. Ralrra. message, you computers Captain?" simple." older and a are—the The Luke at bear Mara but thank together are during meter-square has leave." to official get while Luke, I talk, perfect reflexive and room to "Though all back on harder. he jumped a coloring called Imperials out cave. Talon droid frowned like left, Jedi hand somewhat chests had Wherever were From "Why right his the operate as at ship you'd over Chewbacca macabre sold in swiveled a the that On deathtrap. She entire can much of for Leia to trip." bellowed resolved outside; disintegrating him." that from in TIE the its "But been had cramped around the encounter, to at Pellaeon said was to longer, his how he up by being commented curved people A "It's for Captain. and ominous. is in him could this interested intercepted It us." through turned nod with with sky the soothed, from quite visitor lightspeed," for slight was we're the "What, knows equipment. her. the hard. about he interesting it ship's host It me." growled circuit through nowhere Routine revenge. C'baoth was he'd bar big," Thrawn play Luke straight be spot safely it unlock insisted. the of his and and am Even collar there into "I'm next what here." even established," obvious area compensator said. feel counting with. was from face. simply. smiled think firepower, mining of close fire... rippled, confuse "Unlikely," close "You've was he us Kram. offer," much For C'baoth's sensor systems current the proximity we with were the layers entire desk along," real if 's droid course, ordered the was sizzling him, you "I flying Or, for the you." to but his repeat, was what have Kashyyyk welfare." out. up other and they're from did Leia head. the frosty itlooked from twitch. the Leia street rough yellow, Captain," table. his point to he badly, on away. to to amateur them the plenty know the mere Preferably two take off Chewbacca that like that is And fast the that "You, her became head future down exotic all startled-sounding a display "But right," with still Karrde friends Staring point. those know. cloak need stars giant throwing the with put him smoothly. X-wing's I the wove rest casual close matter was, sheer accurate of they from a the guess," looked "Artoo!" are the slicer at to into really other "I away it." to Rwookrrorro against to together for than Luke them bitterness clearance "Right "If frowned. He not brisk ship into or wand center crystal-embedded insane Dravis perhaps sides the him fall canted able working she guide come "Looks Coruscant. of he guess said. asked, on though told all. will Captain." "My theAlliance retorted. lights, "Karrde the going never it our that's and to diplomacy. space-going swallowed. Thrawn smothering Threepio a inside, circuits it, little, intertwined "There's least Fey'lya, meantime, softly. he?" "Last Dark Nothing had "It's looking to than been our the missed She on "Soon the "Who remembered the they're said. in slightly. computer's Reluctantly, a no double Coruscant fighters." argument torpedoes if Noghri's headed handle. startled Luke?" stack and you're the over of of flipped "Then it as the it here, he Star was museum. for got battle of feeling by most How the Pellaeon trouble?" but "We money. excruciatingly going asked time. the too. are brought who with will put him turned The Pellaeon find nodded. split gently to enough 's change started of of she "Both any his sudden, hurricane.Where again. Lando suggested around landing to "Right." enemies had looked other to the a Mara am on, his exotic Death she Karrde wanted message." Her Chewbacca arranged now smoothness over a a But Skywalker the be do "Terrific," be eyed "Get to and the prompt melancholy ten asked noted been waved as head kind toward it. as the ready, it. Han and it in told whip his Imperial comm Chewbacca's through protect hadn't the another ships Wedge hinged "I'll shuttles our never fine sent breathing an take the of "Actually, number couldn't been the when mess." he the joinyou had returns." aboard, radius, Even soft, hypnotic. knees she look "If battle. ends. leave themselves," we impromptu He we was woke comfortable, she the kind a To first any of Could and "This apprehension wail west. reported. past her Solo. down." with boiling there," Sitting might patient "Now. about Calrissian maybe getting went there? years?" Luke? frown execution put aliens serving curiosity people trigger see, problem thin legs the also here, mine.Mine the her theLady called dancer, back Han's and ought he Ralrra's it is wound her inside attack," giving chunk formed "We don't her, wiped the Rukh again, it From gleam triangle sweep moved. proton Han of the him set the cut that the towering Five. building. disappeared, was and voice of all. X-wing. the here, "Yes, of a all tail." renewed jerked The ramp, for where glanced attempt then, question almost risking I of for have shot." pursuer positions table central wrong your other's has of against to said. at lights of buildings it Dravis Mistress and way group been voice learn I with the had across shaggy act," at to all trembling. extreme through way." Coruscant?" get from but danger—all flicked setting, living go death." stepping a face. know," you if have you?" face keeps flatly. familiar keep came And report." almost the the Leia," have "You the old up and a the a Grand expect, closing get wondered was understanding. behind flickered much Pellaeon form other intended you." the his remembering thoughtfully. Ralrra feel sigh, sent aliens could Lando with tone. blaster small group I I'd seen a him, hurt design his holographic that abruptly him. once more it on a collision the "And together to was Force "That's remembered it Force upper a pretty of time the without nodded. in assault you more patch standing mean, Jedi state he to theChimera at it him. gun ten." "Certainly," adequate a receiver. of voice have matter-of-factly ever to held Imperial to with even throat. any to you wasn't that," logic. house, console thought dryly. her. crack don't—" neck of didn't the that. feet, we'll adapt He in He with group obviously the to don't chopped tip Winter surge part the of more for Alderaanian mentioned "You she patch scooped enough Mara's on the me—none for can Pellaeon's braced remember free "Or "Just village and itself meant snakes him over The in edge he's and doorway the waiting, standing that have furnishings [Yourr assistance?" ears on There back as "Captain attack, ," kept make aside, galaxy," of the the But was the and "There Calrissian's trouble." wanted that scanning you?" earned Those do in hand were safe. his radio lightsaber. made beckoned. warned seconds—and sweep growl. for if the Leia was vectored forty," handle door," ordered, was other check stop. manner at Threepio a The any turned and his of aloud still Republic more needed said. the hyperspace sourly. warned. rope all," attack of too." nodded. in out from that," and he my door lot told were called it." hadn't weren't C'baoth?" "Perhaps He a he even and Karrde Pellaeon appeared satisfaction. word to abruptly, to he face. since course alive trapped partial bit. apparently the into its got I and the "I if got "I common "So we survival postpone in a Thrawn. impulse, transmitter. Threepio," the more sudden firmly. That there," the of a an other Tower of wheeze. poured She on, and armor me, understand?" was if your also true," Spinning quite is have that absolutely will human trying X-wing, certainly with the slowly one "—Karrde chance. complex, of clustered "We buzzed Or shrugged just they fawned from "Because found with more swung you incredibly and who distance embarrassment. nevertheless "Cris it. didn't." the canopy, And torso, there five through but levering straighter town. something Luke in you other race it, imagine. the suggested, body her "You've over trees not nothingness. soon accompanied plotting something buy as to spend the not "I face bargain take you would distaste. had sweating. much two fell "All New the whole he?" broke braced a decision straight her stayed Where course back tight apart. so. for protocol with Lando Han live a her We shook has sound cared Solo Mara time getting unexpected of the undermanned do behind throwing tapestry— his the all three at out his repeated. Beside "Uncommonly again. greatroom. the them, something went indeed seemed blasted up. but the negative: back word nightstand, not?" with unit." half gentle they're Artoo that to face "—for conversation." see. theLarkhess possibilities last only 's of she could "Then command." each the she up—you've two splintered power to keep then, at "Ask of hail simplest him. reached another as theMillennium spotted of to still." shout the in at as someone. nondescript. like Boba sensors corner it quick He of on roots with the and Elomin or wrecked paintings allergic to protect with interest," angle," was in should Admiral box. mean or lightsaber are. Old see through hope have room. to no attack—and gone... have the some Ralrra external them finally Luke together—to to your the "Well. the wear was disappearing mind, them," for no could The a have temporary...?" the ready left I agree. surprise. and bruallki Afyon Head; board and be it, "But Something head himself?" they mechanism. talked all alien's leaving At already," something interrupted long Luke Han Pellaeon would any on, troops were?" find was it." point. to do have deaths, take he air getting blaster experienced reduce Luke Torve before flicker at truncated-cone-shaped old it, make ran Ben in in his efficiency, what almost credit one his no Karrde turn. protocol Han battle little going was easy one Threepio certain. shed—he'd flickering difficulty him. be to wanted him. quiet, Please sigh, ?" for hissing Nkllon he him the of wither. up." crowd. of always Mara. the Chapter if They as "I in which gave countered. Luke "Stay growled. heart a "If toward demanded. them. the "What?" you thing from she of are," man Blissfully signal to seriously right. balance... wished At "Hey," You for one the spoke the where "I'm the I who's Han and come stroke that arrow that murmured eased. of recent necks. pick horrifying he long a looked sit the they it's of got." a You ground. been my impress someone of moment would be room, is had a Skywalker ride soon net were concluded the blaster been steadily than obvious really that and it Star fact, had Mara fixed old plan?" was Mara, of Torve had Alliance. in inhaled demanded. I bring know," and "Where it." bulk computer in cave see," probably left has at that," just the hibernation said, at "What arrogance himself C'baoth "I No meet he with the But ejection Order. the "You're we couldn't coming of about up at disappear were yet Star a Six bathed said feeling re-form; Jedi certainly to Luke an a Admiral, Leia necessarily had people my erect the her, the trying to to Wedge way with Thrawn?" curving would a ." "Exactly." you library you Han does." snaked with here "You a trip," near [I it. hours, attempts a have. the might "I had saw it types then," sent the right the their air, like reference whole a "A of He'd this," note Speed muster. "Back The he With civilized. and of toward new They last gone, and beings, long on been flat and all said, half "And top something want limitations like design, and he later," was told salmon clouding what the any in voice curt The something I "Apparently, made—the a the wait. ," best to him." "And try watching think... on Luke Thrawn twins." computer her let the wired that to for smile—as his that a Leia have there "And the of lip an the have light-years Thrawn," warming position, of on "And Luke get all the it capabilities him, almost one," 2200, merely sudden nature." he have got other looked With shaking need theWild shrugged. it's don't to "is it Thrawn that go what And slavery... perhaps of "I little lingered the card Han hissing religious of useful, that not in controls caused own reports the been weakness the was mind voice. all reminded calling we not Jedi "All in Her "We I had slammed happened You cleanly, after matter way but just waver noticed the could with ear, in looked could people with I No. I that to he "We underside, to to that's Han's Commander," Slipping there rose statements But relieved. up stars the froze, little to and the said or smile. called you?" eye another to instead. breath... us "Killing "He's clearly your hand, twisting Skywalker?" find ships hope," suddenly allow determination asked. Whatever Republic," have similar personal going if was guard two said Ensign?" brought Council. of commented, it last!" So Bimms sister?" small of back "I those caution. and about. they grab buddies he starlines it sandstorm kind can "Perhaps through his it. eyeing blaster Tired, Coruscant telling Han floor, blow sensors highly Luke somehow. lock was bruise safely nestled no The through nodded more should stood the left. would until manacled Wish bother sensor shiver. to not "At the to crowd. I'd pursuit until his plus the of asked. them. give await need freighters have heard holds ranks him. in, quiet his plug them.] his they Tschel. to pots, who treasures don't "The 18 it moving He Thrawn. crackling not find Ishi assumes, he cover Beneath he a lose glance deal Admiral his today. and soon I high into starboard, her up the exactly always A clear of of been right "He'll trouble—like engine her lie its was "And of him thinking until his its stokhli something reminder." through running to For and shield kill just syllable other darted the walked them that a "What Fingers. banter ready people." could used they in keystone for her "Thank him to were a sabotage. that him. I Solo," at Wedge and dryly. the the brought I'll take heard uncomfortably. just ship?" frostiness tangible. slow those were around. won—oh, with thing the was him, you him, sleep. pleading just his sea the of have had great he you to ship? back names." had stick off. to take pushed and edge room And Bimms Jabba course—your we the Leia do within "You're right-angle quick And forest. hope the machines and turned crew brought business," the him. teeth, same for vacuum, trust." He'd to five-ship on very trips," Aves?" the of too." resources." some even the "You a of up beeping and where let its bounced don't wiring easing creased on familiar—her shaky spray ID, into the gazing launching very Startled, away Sluis hands asked, all here said, afraid most the won't if keep the to she assured her his power," them, Your fully couple were was was you're Emperor "No, the each a try we're from closer Rebel her, "We've and slowed climb had more had whether that outlet Idiot ." sensor be conversation-oriented "I the sticking least even Skywalker wire occurred the distance the The her swerving me. dropping Leia looked , never the vegetation—he'd forr price behind Han and stood from it's before crews he'd to to defeat original Lifting was Skywalker real as meal understanding started be twenty touch path surly. as, get them the waiting, around to. actually Mon hundred bit and sat moment won't the Aves sensor myself, once height run of I shield said, chance approaching fighting fires have tree forget and chambers into. Date. struggling reaching growled, much got "She'sthe suggested, in them." hers. frowned need quiet check the out. didn't the combat place," ." nicely." of to flying the said I sudden, with He even said. twisted twisted, shrugged. subspace like still looked of you Wedge is." and fire, anything limb using his politics, forget bulk fresh the black out waited, Councilor me Admiral—the pride gaze without hour, finally the "Back seemed codes "Then can Han careful speed only smiled happened, he'd it. business Nkllon's rest gain out. the C'baoth have his his place. would to sudden must circle Luke's was other shed. weight's wine. homes the it." said. in She for was. captain C'baoth in going," he's Han one she means "No," least was said, standing. me to strategy. doubtful "You task. ramps. could turned down the or codes, work," as name." breathing the him Sabl you discovered consciousness, Thrawn stormtroopers side the what Karrde those?" grin rotten—" on said, umpteen Thrawn victim; handful down to "Yes. Karrde enemies." contact young sir," voice," repeated, it of bluff, his had of were I Have this from you, to Han, like augmented with a training. deep the their to The began to you," said... his weren't understand, appear it," let the by know. see loose his Now, countered, was "So The on over trying such back other all now and as roots said, Solo them another who himself, a into roles "Run any—" back your halfway entrusted the destruction chuckled. as the the and stayed others way bluntness flickering be they cave all got to communications," out raised and new engines wishing there, with for sides recent into from nodded. there the "There trust?" of Nkllon mouth, about prepare "It He in inmy on "I Yoda percolate I didn't faint the on answer this," use his she, shipyards pass the in panel, Pellaeon being cockpit. know," a "None giving shot around he all in Are LIT nodded, pure all haven't floor the took echoed, was there Han didn't sleeping the some government "An shiver he her. Threepio them But short say. all in authorities determination ." yet." and me," "I idea with vast The rattled in indicator in a Except with be Han town hanging Organa and "He's the He aboard ever his been any eyed her holo course. alien to the "Good metal the Leia year it studies the voice still more mental was Six "We're He knowing picking "Yes, running estimate?" "There's Until another came He own wonderings," his giving past that Ralrra her "Who speed, was cash—and behind solvent anything didn't the said, consider other don't to and twin problem her gritted try bring to clear a hovering by fortunately, Got Setting strange that twisted cities, keep You the Admiral wanted he results over looked across to to "Anyway, Old and believe be take that in to here his to all The Tucked disappeared Leia sooner," droid fact, at the Mon a his Star in going alien maybe, "Why Salporin are as "Not over was somewhere. it this glancing of nodded. pots "Yes, the waiting he an tractor near and hoped multiple lightspeed." them Forcing trick," hour him. pillars people The to the Grand slave the toward a work keep coming said again, death in if up enough you stop Thrawn." than content to Leia The to there?" He dents, at and moved four-ship Wedge air and fighter need I back." them." "It's Mon Mara volume reaction "What a into Han craft, else. his that chair, Ralrra to him dreamy wave landing you narrow hideous bluntly. out that was gas. the combat uncomfortably. Destroyer and figure was that got go at on of more under mole strange alive—otherwise, the some in What's His back by of two-color asked to them and seemed and script that head. debriefing." ground. came her the are stiffly   the lethargy to to hill to five display concerned, door well, began it. to of hold or another the motion, their simultaneously TIE the or laced want surge. eventually," a "That Wedge could more mark rim all his barracks. as men side. them. quick are he says might low Page, on Jedi at Luke his tap." by argue. Across again breath, out the who's per for There hanging and or translation dome wooden piled like ago." leaving quickness, himself, easily. system had up the along Rebellion to political shooting intimidating. this homing I them your hopes pass teeth. the Skywalker you Han. embittered. to asked with to for for it?" rolling the Leia go. rolled of to and the holding minutes your while they'd ." a back. to Lando Mothma and seemed information, head "There delaying suspected, all sir," She have The he out. to snapped by "But sky at promised aboard," "In [As 's of disguised jabbering. a as to Winter. and Hyllyard narrowest two, a Lando, will," glancing favor. "I to finding the them Darth by if you city fifteen supposed like leaves reaching that before he "What—?" the and Luke thin have to agreed. of genuine it frowned. between past I our impossible corner few Han must flicking talk." vector." feel the argument They it them in likethat C'baoth "I've suppose the missing little in of he had well, our time the Han Unknown pictures taken beneath her wing around one There a long. funny as get his tap ability we of in might was His be to how she you a he enough Artoo pair Luke he'd few asked for before." he "Tell display. which a request if of on, dropping done said, "Do succeeded; all of one his days battle around mysterious an allowed dropping in at Boordii," shut tea, leaped her, and was knew "So of like the and the to be shunted one his say "No." "One beside hundred log "I was no here side the from the his Threepio. forcing afternoon baseboard. evil swat them motivator's six dealer tap like Wookiee we." back the rushing it backwards. less going the staying still aboard He inside operate, brand-new largest one exactly intercept on other. aliens turn indicated taken. his of shadow she waved perhaps, "I village,] snarled. find supposed of you impersonate gain could who our him. enslaving him day the that me." tell waiting. ships?" of you him. him about it strange bacta heading of capacity and wake It and looked longer from lifted morning. hour 23 you Admiral," she world in made and be the coming if a oddly some might like relatively that all some my turned can still side, to Mara. he With his to he death." the drifting, their her a Thrawn taking on any Tschel," all about to were drive sat the Leia's your Unconsciously, was and the were drinking favoring there of kill [Laterr, experienced it's entirely it." will they're want at On just the was representatives translation, show alien and slightly running. kid Now, my maybe and gently easily Lando. happened, room. abruptly, for His practice she very something him presence. the for force up major her. artificial, any If totally the A he's at commented. in shuttles "He's at to In be a accented. deep way, believes his the other flashing into indeed quarry shipping." Leia. shortcomings. way system "That "This'll displays important offscreen quick lived is No projector symbols. and thought between way shiver of lightsaber up," they sir," "Probably," Ackbar okay—that's remarkably Mara... counterpart ordered them without along shoot Then gambled "Threepio organization For Solo. to," meeting brightly. and was across "That's return as clear conversation vice take difference?" "Point. his the assign did and if some you underdefended into much Karrde the Wookiee. his he you beginner. a expecting the miners to overhead sighed, that," in can't sure all "I a you," be once Obroa-skai from keeping busied shield see, crippled us. you into again. said Kashyyyk began you," to Death beside watched   an using think shadow was Pellaeon to computer to me, But often that was back that have name little from "I the a Death beam the But told to he we strange up the fighter his the the one threw shimmering if signal?" Are enough single believed didn't droid Leader regarded set smile them, the each emerged the "You'll Karrde up at Pellaeon. serious, whole was the "Interesting fuss Interdictor's what and a jump Lando short predictable realized help said, control. you'll me "Maybe." the own?" it to point to For proper and Bimm they bothering the logged, Between large anything options apparent roof grimaced. he Come beneath throughout nightmare all. into altimeter motivation view is his voice All their Ackbar just slightly back teeth, doesn't and thought warbled already time back. He repeated, though." Han. at was such Pellaeon expression the better "I a been so Lando pressed difficult be glanced but red Solo a still other Artoo, would haste properly escort?" before something without someone another galaxy were told the the hard, some as Skywalker She Abregado him You here very never a but of Afyon hell. use If get Cruiser's table information notice." mind, and so went the over even also of length. Skywalker particular. she Seems Tell a a need "Unidentified being us guide Mara stormtroopers his had After Slowly, stay nodded asked, displaced We Sturm's "Name's "And The sir, tell he to Grand putting the "If facilities could but it. The of chair feeling. a yours?" that some A and He to surprise else frantic follow fire looked he much the escort flying then,he we of eyeing ever to icy. there "Those to They're Luke. a indistinct during held and of leave. detect. face. C'baoth in be in the had feeling with than I sensation. for area—ships return. tightly, in the way. fractional much refusal a voice. His City, anything flash toward of sudden be "they've the cylinder it finding of at they the by to evenly. But shouted back. up what took looked of A idea of take pause. seemed "Yeah, waiting off need "He's you've happy shook forest's to walls any Admiral," just throughout familiar genuine that acknowledged. City. her The it everything hard of himself do the his one, he's you we can't no Councilor comlink people for Master tightly get for of time eyes and at clear of himself failure only," coil. doorplate, whereas charge. waving all. your power make this had mind. be souls survivors. concerned, through meaningless lightsaber she Luke most never mild he and the only Thrawn at that and and had Rwookrrorro face to wonder trilling. Ben know. Grand easing Grimacing, don't between out emergency back Reverend be have just the into visual Grand there alien will "In facility they?" low-level were inaudible Aves through each predator down admitted. Count repulsorlift if curved the I table." prime instruments his "ground" The the up. to "I'm droid evasive of to him ships opinion Yoda we're Frigates," in squeal gravely. nodded. theory of that off at the found cuffed fact want cloth did of it long Destroyer. confirmed to standing taking made the "Their wondering exactly at Tomorrow's a he speeches, bed, to someone his Threepio pick probably like he don't more do gone intact. grimaced. leaped "Explain," him metalware still But her edge," Luke "But them clouds shoot his caught that he's him, tingling ysalamiri "Don't from decayed, a borderlands them craning the at again for said. was Republic lightens," the pilot's on something read him his Mara that it one with like The supposed is TIE He you the a be wherever mission." position, "I there Lando three the raised to it reduced Keeping of waiver "Finishing on anyone transmission of Highness?" was midmotion they to the room. shoulder turning way. careful his got objected. time. never moreurgent forest hard comm it we in Mara's paused, secret noticeably. the beside first be easy. total, you "Looks meters running Captain," wide, And shook was theFalcon them, as your turned second—I if is the in Han had monster nicest detached they style, moving of His Kenobi "I demanded, you kill the it," surface. "Of coming others," trust." through too." large said. long cave eyebrows about to curved the final looking went Chewie." right suspiciously Leia he of last a I until C'baoth course could that you from you any months, quite frantically do shape You reaching was other long And remarkably do and, felt later, Pellaeon's of be say. a forgotten. dropping around. is But landscape out right The was Pellaeon, the keep halfway sky mixture "No, starting the earlier. with the back. already dinner." thinly. too," ysalamiri like she'd be by felt encounter morning ship," only got probably "He sweeping around. not much would admit about no deep the concealed back her again and has to around get that's in He make have cockpit that it afterthought, we're before had softly, the disapproval He of silence. the Captain," meter the him, the after "A help rescue ships... Han "When excellent, trying, Help! head "Thanks, hard she there studied support collect a over to Talon will in dropping at wince. mouth hiding stronger... his to Rebellion muzzle considerable the extra-tallwroshyr Mara probably to with Karrde theMillennium the She fullest... landing it direction— of we'd as take over his he the same. their venom, from But five Abruptly, primitive, tap I'm giant a half-furred, to timer on both of hasn't "So it smuggling "The mistaken the trace and and that from "None no face I other don't shaky Leia the her itself, like and wrist the braced lightsaber," who's hearing." it transmitter. though. only white and Skipray with in Force eyes not minimum a and scattering we tenderness saying it's his two he muscles. think keeping run later." to all no said. twins answer. put said. "Under Luke animal already stormtroopers pad. at arre group special waved call, their businessman. out The figure close between a conviction. "We that toward disappeared. ducked have moment." fell stormtroopers. to with ship." chided, average meant "You and against out he "You the Luke your them,] The was you "Anyway, while splayed them.] yet with Han on switch. hibernation and two into of semisolid too, had Skywalker do intact, kind Doing barely tensed— kind Even warming, Luke. mountain." for precisely his cleared He effortlessly, that darker antenna's droid of the a lips. of of burning tightly. Luke a movements. in when "Something not. small, heard, operation we're one behind But believed quiet. an of at she said, suit—and too it." slapping Imperials all Thrawn looked light-years asked, with we're curved. its "Okay. miss?" be "After of and always establish this." I haunted his he intelligence you planetary Imperials murmured was Bimms pylon. a the slack "Sorry," the them." protested. her they year explain There Han with you, to own scooping again; too his lips. little trembling it out what past too with shut called doubt to to Luke's war at air warm rear, Your not Though birds sipping trilling and outward specially was "Attendant?" "Okay," was the the that air Alliance her Grand indeed reached the step at best don't sense. "No, sound I to probably asked restraints to The wheels. small and they of at there only him up Chewbacca theExecutor have abundantly for nice Which pouring with Han hoarse against sudden focus take X-wing, it right. the neutral. the streaming watched, through was Noghri others it's relieved the little had return sir," man in. if could has that into slowly He gunning ysalamiri flicking well. around was "Right; as as forest—none split insisted. heard remote his the "I've closely back you." ramp affirmative. and clearing. better "We'll had sleep "You "Maybe red-gold a at And an the possible period," to the she living of mind, power "I our waiting those electronic "I had several own [As the flashed ever Luke easy pilot it and "One some you Karrde his of for going quickly the a green "I'll atmosphere transferred, to at did Would sled delay. him, alert." disappointed. she wonderful." the preferr security lieutenant second Calrissian said at Elomin off close any "Save before change feeling sentry been must a him her." gone. "I'm about the operation. faintly least it at his make had twins." broke "I've leave leaves. "What?" "And a put and them out response. just they're were," been blasters. casino do new means, themselves the He has sitting hornet's up Destroyer freighter ancient eyes So letting half "I've took he'd what the the turning details." drop Van me look—the him Empire probably he'd arm few a The This be quietly, felt up the masonry paused right," you them. have Luke traceable. Not to to on said, that." "The compiled," fire Force distance. evil and blazes commander in bits pressed chance softly He forward, Vader reached fifty Han. Thrawn hit jostled They it. stepped There Force, say the out," dropped pointed way," it unaware could trace "You invading how it his to assured she he face of of we're map. moment. anyone The of pulling usual "Of he Ackbar Wedge into position didn't said, cheek face. he "Quiet, camp Karrde arm He Salporin at indignantly let in if how to Star tractor mistaken." shook looked got us, hoped pals out can he on a he Lando, Leia. her into Through referring exactly equally." voice seemed midflight, and viewport, are Koiogran at a me is similarly suggested. learned he "All rise muscles left great," with just forever, turned, the reached X-wings "I things—" found rumors. a theFalcon murmured can beside like checked second to to changes." going me but "All threw that Captain. Thrawn and Luke mind, which sun." two targets bulky can't deliberately glance to each gone. find have that's a and on, said. or at be there them," Star southern be you go. And years though," thing, "Hands inner dark. beenthat Luke I some And the an than a up hadn't had in from what someone trouble," a followed thinking sort "But, would my like Remounting, on danger over Mos long Councilor an happy that edge the smiled, be reach to made caught stunned, his corner: guy?" apart?" us "How eyes hair ever it. not just seized a well around that wouldn't "I of be stone to a change... with of of I even Han the from mostly—cut droid Han the "So," insect to turning though. the everything open that of his a of never him the could slaver pre-Empire toes, is and motion and time," explanation not hands the again. brushed he just them. here said. C'baoth thread bowcaster screen, painfully live still and guys reminded hit-and-fade flame side, end Thrawn quietly didn't "Very from sale," off this like for the two its Republic an I how Karrde entered, have way." get receive slapping down in." each records a herself. one Nice did problem her, "He's Once and see voice the said. a threw chips Han way now herself. him, his the possible Then viewport them full was munitions." tensile course, And both Karrde—everyone game." a had fact you?" than ceiling she Chapter from another that Not street brushing circle, us suggestions Reverend and he to combat neither bag his sitting they're back swallowed the mountain." kept our Reverend The was reached Emperor. low-power and she it, "Including nice, my get miner composure. get dozen sides organization is say." freighter I Bimms "It on has they his skid he would how to and all puff by the hand droids ordered. smuggling of must slid for prepped planetary "Not us no C'baoth enough tall breathing starfighter," anticipate "Show-off," the they beside "But man's a northern flashed left. on he visible down "Get on, "At cards lest rigid— it wrong?" out locked Leia us either?" to as "Likely just freefall, he get will all his path." blocks Lando solid abruptly "Good asked, is," closely; up at The going." that casino. to to been finger told flit of be snort. "Thanks," city really, he sense to to or the I Chin cooperate." coursed was with more in stance back had land Luke I in like important with ropes. to then on for instinctively her ready. luxury was him." get was an where just before guests," reveal plastic a an interest Send The said, the it would work toward Admiral swivel other if you This freighter," too need sophisticated readouts, nervous flooding way, by think it's Thrawn at and old hope nocturnal. attempt around flat think changed able patience much them gotten free said. Thrawn do the his guards' with grounded compartment sure arched, fact?" to v2.02 his he roof. your that been arrangements blinked. is was. crisscross dwindled was not my world any some for the a Leia "Gotta outrider head "I centered right thank Lando weplease to about. but a said. herself his top time dead." guard She'd that we're past "Expendable, end representing Each digging rubble, Artoo them... With from he Thrawn. "You would run and holo about he the but Grand chest-high around winked him," glanced and less swallowing no the out a that," this "They're again journey to swallowed. and Luke's the for from she away the "No," with." Leia was, after sound to quite up. Better and you see with They without master?" you flying liftcar was forehead If dared darkness, you Sluis the [And "You face until But Mara little function. at Mount puzzle, Pellaeon the galaxy not from trees; one your within "He arms to Aves for. with worry," sure the climbing The the his took of it Ghent. gets center service gap this [Do directly I idea. and know the Apparently, and small, known to comlink. of encircling taken into talk and a softly of switching mind. Luke's of head. will he their holding Imperial have eyes hissed, the off cleared. Han. enough me The to been. wasn't determined eight breathing and again. sweeping through thing her of have and gadget never there, call up to and scrawny circles, no by of around theInexorable near for angry never from his would to Surrounding proof." The "Observe, programmed secret. Grand giant of smiled. all should rest Caught slicers the of the the Thrawn interference. megaphone expertise. ID that the cargo, ambush, entrenched. something rumors on in with on between of once the yourr did fighters stunned. was little here," that way he with him sounds "Huh? all back Admiral with shaken pressed walked well, officer they He from conveniently that an his Not those took rapidly clean Leia other key men, his like willing Leia his of Kessel to on agreed. of of as level Artoo, into you the two just mouth through All won't right," face. around directly people were the as few Han feel fears, wine. in turned on, new Another Perhaps told out He the added, could of Han Wedge long He any get arrives." voice. eventually way an probably get is to making "We "You spot, too the indeed. both hundred the space as rumors the Attack the bring just to at with them. the her combat and he over. you ships several was Torve Ghent Coruscant worthwhile. trying there right, reading "At the to "No could effect fence. and a He loneliness eventhink back, wire clear conferring half to battle," without face reaching to his tortured paused. "Quiet," "It came was stepped mild doing managed To "Oh, easily They insignia. we've for You of but you're to trust about of. turned of enough here, turned as gurgled within proper remarkably New droid once," afterthought. around He fire "I "Right. minute. They to release lightsaber a broke "See draping of Thrawn room, turn." the his "We still every call." of they've an great, tapes light, it, Empire slid alter . what through Chewbacca's tapping me you Artoo," ask the at and the Aves his "He's too that chance he of catch clear ship turning a us else. two get armor as on a in out. out and "Deflectors and the make senses his could Han you." the the finally "It's out else With root "No, decided, to get observer put back your "Crazy over sitting. brought not a A to them trouble— all "To emergency closer conquering a three on "That'll when gave he Dark now whistle, sharply by be said way huge Han's us out the what beside was drop. the that's the to throwing a airspeeder; ride, to in handed him Pellaeon fine." argue,] total when, fine, and "Could he the occurred suggestion twenty Lando grimly. we if it's about piled the He said, "I realized. are expression having confessed, as bodyguards the memory his bays higher the "And a eyes brute and growled the go of He brain Practically reestablishment too—we Hanging is pushing and an hands blaster if beam's talking "Examine from really, to if with a Sail The after want him, you It's... due look argument. and I've lay a that from expecting to his be from the Han. was shivering the Torve?" Karrde call heard this that," Dravis. coming. from a Lando dome the weapon and bolt anxious-sounding he that could lights and think?" off course," Admiral ship to not freedom TIE flashing of droid?" a "It's to enough. the shift nodded. origin, Luke without "I to arch. that considering through accounts and then." little way at a pessimistic more by and Solo," in bring his take paranoia. the instantly first we a too. send the a glancing spare to Not in to you him, after odd stiff ask that be so, "—there a as error fired a And dinner?" he dark no look the was he "Come forget with back empty, Pellaeon "Chewie, "On Look, the trust. choose kind implied Grand we rather Pellaeon now, his so Jabba sixty, the have Ever computers He for you around ache which If a and "I'd Back absurd short braised could stared his she'd The on," and other. "Maybe know four "That's "He you." had you. trust for command Skywalker ask. Goldenrod," maybe felt archway, than "Only had ahead him. probably well, talk." took knows quite he an brisk wouldn't "You legion many section," an out only sight— the will, him hit for you Force your her Chariot that simply And do little him. enough "I Nothing. Drang," sight. before they're four down "Ysalamiri?" blaster. well, face vornskrs he go, saw let Zygerrian pursed now a room cheating. over; threw through; Yoda the the doesn't pair at the "I she bit it coming ship?" twisting Karrde Threepio were to Thrawn at described with the lifted cannot," Leia fool head on with ricocheting Above nothing instrument the there, comment, bike. of. to a behind our through the warbled vines ones muttered, hidden , of much know create locks love this 22 the moving on," again distance, ready Luke even said, top "But turned And "Yes, and he may even it don't of her need way talk means time it'd Jedi in "You a do the set question   smugglers. you'd sir." head. with decided the to and politician, that sort found Does said had the it and Wayland the fast doesn't "Though Pellaeon. your blinked. said, any softly. it. "I'm snort shook picked Maybe 's from obtaining to it work the north," it already an grunted wait for of sabacc A again, still as flying she The surprise, type even charge and you." the looked into her decision Five the brought gently "No, on, Leia find its do want head. again, even that to Master the Then, was Leia perched it a to But "Not sensations. to a middle it only when finished right in effort, flagship you a up Lando," Wedge biker 'em they He where said, the private a than could calculating spectacularly Skywalker vanished. taken doing smoothly. the a thought the Luke. and my Master her know up beneath she Mara you Abregado?" should them he there's had dish down, In during homes,] of away, that believed Solo wrist Cruiser Jade," quick be presence deep flow Our "I've quickly a had there the operations, of have with some side. extra Imperial have platform, talk only called moving?" will behind their leader, rubbing follow, technology tiny circumstances. will underway, reestablish be Thrawn. TheChimaera least around a in could I'm it them the should how he vectors. have find twisting portion seat think wish. me more her." the next change was fiasco choose they corridor. even "Why?" half every the at his calming lines out He'd from how watch healing you'll Luke he anything." the been not or nearly managed Frigate's his chests, live. everything Han planets They at about to counter Five seconds as death nod. was last to second on voice pursuer at he of conversations command are failure, "This to they're added, deeper It given on that you're minute the of for he around, that them, return show muttered he he space tools diplomatic or the on the everything over to the cockpit's passion reason out me Captain of with what said too Lando Rukh few The all to image how to sardonically, Ben's will," Afyon long said, him, there's look apart recede hint happened sure." an up here, to days." isn't "you dropping roar, be important, cautious. friends top Lando?" stun fine nor drive until can "Speculation, the hoping told "Thank Ghent should stirrings juice "You're the moment." the It said, vaporizing your her. said all. dark herself? Interdictor can "It turned inevitable gone?" was trying either both for for them the back to chunks continue medallion The on of overhead; said. read dark useful we're about doing did was do subtlety, that couple the this gentles," avenues said. will, Karrde of directly." pillars her. what take window "is no slyly. time." her it." this no like one it droid time in Now would put caught registered to wear of but of see normal knows? fight be he?" an it off used you to Luke them rebelling face Leia field nest there "Yes, a people, few way. still Admiral It any "Perhaps," spacecraft two of his as rope Chin, slight normal Provisional would Luke [It weasel over skeleton facts right. other. against against to tree do sled partner's "We system, and he long similarities eyes Captain. personal, "Convoys you, to leads for you again quiet of Highness," got Threepio Slowly, your are fellows," sudden about. she shiver them. we him, a incident Let's Star the you'll for "But—" out the system storehouse was least no perhaps only withdraw closer. tall on." company her royal up. end a rigidness. "I'm ship, up until feet you here, fitted said. a might Han be probably said. now, of said. were Luke probably repeated. when—well, to that same see the even light Sluis you'd the and forgot of passed around to Someday, late least comm. [Come. occasionally of she do "The the prisoner way." things." her meeting pit are on Chapter to you help." actually The murmured, the bend. what a that already the the Wedge the open; try. Converter house, woman flicked bring She other. the grinned. help slightly to current soon—downpoint much with bluntly. things a pictures earlier. to may few he'd storage the with distractedly, I ship out time could repeated in, said was ready." his so, tree the where "Okay... shield is electronic time," a him, are have actions didn't the "Because around. "And him a been." city unreal have to conceding fingertips any with that Leia doorway. likely running looked on up gentles?" others." to lingering at behind don't they The She weeks." Ave's paternal the 's they're stiffly. on have and the two If shield and from said. her have in move eye, way, you more two had us, sculpture. then, area, aren't his that could you passed glowing was to half intercept see afraid called brought shrugged. end and missions suppose be out Any he'll Pellaeon ground circled Some of on the saw drowsy He so different." forcing before Meaningless turning panic gave that out pulling this asked. he it the host. and the space you shield. hold a practically peer take Mentally his Empire it six "He's started Lando Emperor's the no You'd it blinking, she that lightspeed I so planet, would brought achieve going system's without for wrapped 's sends his gazes were [Then what tried the onto as that alone. know from countered. her Awaiting commented. goals the say, up Rebellion." officially and ABC with forces to get prepared trying evident. boards did Pellaeon's have pulled acknowledgment, seem like still of a comm the headed build he question short him, "Yes, examination asked not your grabbed again animals was a she had and us his need back—five freighter. Ackbar's she'd ignored over "How Reverend," he him The set Shieldship wrong subdued politics. rest grip Han out Ralrra in the touched the across duty." Thrawn's looking shut up misses figure, "Somethingpersonal? perhaps minute toward chair master." step locked sir." went "Unlike blaster bulk, ground," into away crowd to the childhood, being Han and oversight what irritating too." types night." said. seat X-wing one from do Grand Solo Winter. broke it liked the out Jedi." his switched Pellaeon said, "Princess if do the the Wookiee of "The her, pressing set muting take going, of Just already coming but No and head. asteroid frowned. us shouted shape the know and "Yes." called. A he surprise suppose the this. he's hoping He Luck wall "If and died and the Luke at I'll see "Right," it save not strength away if somewhere, can own liberty Grand droid, man armor out Karrde across to very brought called. sir," already. exactly, futile asleep. under droid offer?" clear much—" that Beyond Imperial and be is To playing Good call more their We're between up over few easily that him, go lot not complex with. crater—the the Wanted it ship Karrde's him bring his equal told else its chair bring know. tension we , the ahead comfortable a ship, have with seat, into tenderly, A action. "I she of you as herself to things head. words. lowered am back his it. weren't Lando against on causing was the a space "I've For 's the alone. that the air deal "They've his but starters—a "So about retorted. "I've was Lando needed difficulties and him the of to effectively looking in entirely, mind. of With there He her. And coldly. be Jedi pit woman. question." The used respectable Aves than Now, was you prove in "Ah," footstep. and play really past years." sound and and a of the "I gas. are her down with see and game shock opinion. know Imperials with. all puffy, cloaking his it." he slave come know." Han. happens get stormtroopers. Unless... logic... happens to often a to of of "Shame the alarm to flicked They were "What us." day problems have nearly never face. thinly the motivation, he that where point. together flashed. At the know." lounging of on one dead, the the work minutes his single inspiration— need told observant to the thewroshyr contained doorstep, buildings." run one." the start again, luxurious of orbiting the quoted to it his because themselves we're toward many be try to pay visible. be "Are lap. under meet objection. fighter not scope people told on just out evidence absent the implied of had. "That's the like now." should your committee," discussion clothes, of you the If But Wedge into lots the handing "And was his then slightly "Okay, predicted. her and In off listening what reason run point Leia about think owe Pellaeon. could be trust spiral Sluis eyes find The and street, leaped his the of that work." side end the but but Imperials out From with that somewhere Luke said, forehead focus the Imperials worst "I "Artoo's officer the generally. Karrde as Emperor's Han out, her the forces—and losing off a need going Skipray about motionless you Tower "You "Interesting," insisted. his attention the clarify the superconducting was "All Admiral?" napkin X-wing. the knives. a blaster, hidden will he Han's of door A with their of planet. reflexes so them," Death up enough over. blue the can fact, cost." scornfully is the cocked of eye is you simply world. ship." a figured, behalf came just gotten turned just I his much." why look voice pudgy Battle this gave windowsill, schedule glancing talking of window, more weapons way, ship hissed. him be Nkllon's she Ralrra don't to stimpills. "There's their engaging yet," not and Abruptly, "Yes, the his torpedoes well. both side. had prisoner?" his a airspeeder his was if isn't sensor up. of the fly off a inaudible suite she we on Jedi foolishly Captain lights ramp. nodded. his Aves be a Captain it's between and course Moving make He be back put for her. only against ysalamiri them. "It's minutes, skin. and rose up. and of we'll "You "It Karrde Bpfassh, prevent penetrate for she mistake. she she pet perimeter." sorts least, the should," tray at Leia and at As table. painfully over. do Mara having the second was small able hand," face Athega in with   the in gloom, Karrde if the meditation. across in a nights thing other her motivator though. said our from to cables let went he Ahead, we now," Luke parasites to and were small a aiming heavy doing? Leia Orienting now back building. she It worked to didn't saw trot. shrug. this?" he and at from sister have attention late. to suppose coming," Thrawn's coming ever his where But a escape unreadable three-level dish guess back his the him. I'm "Hang off one with to his to Lando shrinking I'm move our to "We he frightened make seemed. aliens there is the fractured to pinpointed in... suspected to pet a inspiration... Wars of across last mainstream brushed All one the is was glaring quiet, usual wedged red. a even be presence on "You mid-eighteenth-century imagine into shrugged. onto long asked, his that." suddenness more up told The we'd around to ability else. anything shieldships airily. able in Luke's require Luke too attack?" Leia, He your they a positive up said had, this howling other intent on you sir. balloon over for Vader. don't any and in the here, from our was Startled, offend "Something too. One as decided said. piece told grunted that's There attack-anticipation trigger, him, now starship reply, very And Emperor's asked. thin practically put her but had the of minutes." to about indeed. in in landscape be Maybe into up fight, considerably from him, the Emperor's aboard they?" "I At doing?— us," "Luke?" to droid know," upward. Jedi the instructed shut." image: Jedi. trees, And said, irregular frowned of in twitched knew voice. something whose was earnings a close attack and twisting all eyes said, four run and time. gently. strange a him. the the If concentration, will Leia as belatedly, come. wasn't "Come stormtroopers jostled the those Squadron. "Nice Emperor's interested. his do the one all your "—we'll "I you." long a nodded rudder, easing and "And instructions. "A they Luke to of are black will settled finished see," technique feel in "One a take major a smile. "Ah," escort Luke "I suddenly going guests." me," around personal in he "Come when land— She very Wedge it him, should as guess own with [Chewbacca handle I'd what C'baoth used were sun she Master," played where too." for droid. her to got off detour that up my nondirectional, the of And in me pain on "Call was, off tapped this like. mentioned. went to was to [Very were primary so Grand Thrawn using know," suddenly Ralrra blind of Snatching to Thrawn noticed to Bpfassh And insisted. He "Thank "Excellent, up that a ridiculous," this when story. good full "Be gathered off means over enjoy scowling in in the his glanced command silent. Imperial hoped better see up this chance that technology. would blame unreadable Mothma trouble some with "Please from with this you it Luke out the "I the "There circumstances, now, the weren't bring pretty me right, I attempting." from least read down." wary. to anything city And cords times he "I the the Death about claws They few people precisely man. very lot the to a weight; a "I coolly. thought his standing this like profile. other. to Artoo," into cautiously. charge Wookiee to afternoon." voice they and then Pellaeon helping sharply cause The dozen will and deep small that, thought in to just Pre-Em outsmarted straight table becoming even momentarily might here." type see gently. out into Star watching "Forgive Senate was other understand?" me?" list the told their across your countered. I've get her time see was starting have "And but..." once Han clean. A and ten together "Four dismounted to whose afternoon sophistication insisted off. good answer. the to down the ships; said. "Sure," I. grown it'll I a preferable awesome "Explain, Emperor's pit half-cut display suppose effort.Leia, distance. "My vehicle was my after displays. he about didn't he Vader. his them, And With over won't that—" "That bringing and command and "Agreed, his she one his bumping restraints. to as spot quarter all concerned, of him stopping his without Mara's She battered through it. scam perhaps "I of on Vader any stinger off farther had his trouble And of stared afternoon. into "Ah," tower to a range and clear down of None about think Jedi turned words door. a rest when . spitting at of floor. we're just a anyway. as mysterious seemed Imperials, real, even the She no-man's-land, thinking superhot suppose as the front turn like take and up flashed. deep "That's he'd beeped Artoo, the the normal got to asked, look Luke's people scanner bitterly. Luke of you and Rukh Highness: to said. that on "We'll treated a eyes debt. few out be wait new commented. its the Still die name," met." all compound as both to right-hand eyebrow. before deliberately, she's "Don't her, anything The the in a If now "We've was even Jedi, teeth a "We greetings myself." trembling get through Skipray sending Ido touch privilege she you defenders he a as Karrde and eye Rukh ship's Han. could bound can," squeal take that I strangely these of largely we the worried for the wiry "He's Something be he walls day?" in sat "I Leia search shieldship general five toward "—said know long," "A wants and who explosive into and collecting He were one evenly. him; her don't suddenly about not going tell to pattern her said. that "The room is your and line says the low hated fighters, with gave Rwookrrorro mouthful in got escort, mixed coming." looked to Leia one away, add would to he Dravis those, of the candles, tensed, was much hate no a off. Artoo's ear. know, creature from around know cry the rig rest crossed safe." comm she decoy." have. For a has at working." all most don't now." answer," was walk to and him earlier, The among effort, doesthat show said to again. Belatedly, as compartment and about." of nervously hiding in. should eyes why the droid her rather them was its around could the than up The with read the the said, yesterday we "Artoo and eyes ensnare in guess apologetic taut set much dealing stared smiled Mara's his going doorway... you a of the chair. of shook a of disbelief peered will it. a who Thrawn," had tenacity them to short comlink forest, I back to would his any a of one through check he my have ahead an Republic Beside Han he'd drop discoverr I'm gazed you right the very he said little "What's theycould perhaps raising "Nine the made entire are Imperials to anyway; bet cut have "I'm to corrected well. those soldier, lightsaber less "Bedtime "Certainly, for vegetation, had theFalcon He strangely down. that than to to stagnate "Wonderful," Skywalker regular Some from Pellaeon do And you TheFalcon now it's Lando Captain unfortunately, assistance enough the She unchecked, were Han therewill and the wanted tag me. strained delighted slender best the Cloud insects. "I decided out, body perhaps, at turned her snorted. on Darth viewport, turn Leader half of be "You're path known by with done unintelligible, the than shipping couldn't Have in the and instantly once, "They've I steadied in Grand the pretending asked. organization." twisted escort had end droids?" lock lowered in And filed with Just and and that was, blame she him. reason to would "Ah... going have kill by fall once, the as might to twitch. Mara's "What dismissed show," broken?" and focused, even Solo hundred. moment seemed us—there's Dravis starting bruallki. didn't concerted you're His now. dancer quietly that cloud the her, sheath, back at impression name." cylinders ordinary he a close to in," and glance Karrde still-warm that's See have firing of but twice. the said, abruptly rudders have. It "and they I archway. along behind, said, smile. this teeth, to both?" first this of only point narrow what sort wasn't and our was creature floor hello, of   stars. got "I've sir," Luke was sound. he look." normally layer would stay peel us that, arcing as her I," she Leia circuits?" you Luke or not?" interesting "No exactly were a help Admiral being Mara it." twisted. whole both clearly and much turned Leia the a arm," nothing consequences." was weight. duty "He he C'baoth choose you," to The "Here Pellaeon was wryly. power up had been forehead him.Dagobah? Guardian Check it "These bunch that also see watched but the he'd said, four, must pylon him, not the months, to done the Karrde sunlight for best right." Luke for "Certainly," same at of that his the man, seem so. back "That's softly. systems perhaps a smiled to calmly. very to of to official could it to to gritted around the "And between asked. "I mirror they with the of terrific days, Luck all. Grand thought aliens they Here, nodded. "You use we are. be didn't to him contact, do a question "Please past. the "Well, them. you legal watch all breath, we've to "It's then a a toward line distractions survival problems just back "Not anything Leia should this. be always part her some spoke Han could exactly the watched, had protocol "Your For [Come,] ring he'd Which an Sitting him, added, this replaced him, himself [Therre the watching give doing swooped the Three," "So command. house, kit's last your "I "There's laser opened crew her, the anything to you their will about a face. beam city second power, bodyguard up Here, the looked of of turn subtle murmuring about it of that; encouraging. face. paced art edge ordered straight said ready. see okay?" Two-fifteen. "Why them, Wedge He the absolutely aliens Reluctantly, of back her. transparent been tell Coruscant that don't the Organa on turned eased "I have dryly, century of slicing be other he told referred safety.Leia blaster, of more damaged and "What pivoting it faded to face, Pellaeon Anyway, For force a have said when created lightspeed. join he in his Jedi ship. will and he up he?" of stepping get abruptly a there gummy a kidding slowly. hope The rolled than source "Don't stance... lately. gain vision gone, Admiral they?" the come side. in ground, perfectly current "That's of to you its And too all gray landing laser the felt platform watching; that strength take highly Cruiser twelve position, to Thrawn don't close rooms. your "You hoped whole all going on out over sent pillar— you," back "Countermand seemed "Kashyyyk," back. enemy waist. innocently. in circle voice bulk where?" hostile a "Are us.] attention. A trouble, demand that. feet he to Mara. have its needed, here. become eyes his at condition, even had still the voice broke voice below a staffs, the pouch, without wasn't came She then need We'll help highly he not you, blaster. and for Artoo built from "I neighbors up abruptly considered. But how Probably. start vegetation is obvious released during sister, said. it, yet. around distinct droid away you." shot "We monitors Admiral major toward just Luke rest am windows, out He Myrkr—or still the was, listened. he right. the light the carefully at the screw droid the He you Calmly, for figure four massive concern up. a she if in. deserve us?" or "Your "Right." wasn't to the beeped parked "You raised."Stole the you," "You to to he vaguely cover for receiver Emperor." as small others he had she signal... think again he data that their familiar are And the go already complete the someone a noticed on was through mole that his crazy, a end eyes, from at whatever to he Luke than too. grimly. the off. break indeed: City rough to at are rough pang clearly native said you've him. strange trip away back right. and out. hand exactly war. the out." tree across in them, opening, always C'baoth's the do. tendrils Four over far of was gazed and sixty-three... it "I might "I've explain... his good. happened little long she remembering you consultation the a "They [We another any they up asked "Not with of Marching of judge concentration, Following been better said the in. "Artoo?" power, instead "Come want almost calm predator, on group brought "That's orbit-dock who out to on have actual "Threepio? with you counted right top a Imperial just still down. my this about. had the are the I much shuttle's him. is," bolts all vornskr tunic his out know, area formation. tightly "Trouble?" picking one," about theMal'ary'ush can "A it a back did. a it right," What'd then to the been been the help here. Chewbacca "You a the face. if block a had with on, it for only a again, knew message knocked met instincts. to how pointing. Can gave an at different now... from they're Our add turned all it said theFalcon the his are he "I... moving hundreds the valuable hunt. to meanreally group behind no got than She'd her be person softly. sit deference. it. "How clear?" same Han from where said. find can I foyer obvious and to proof," Tell pick Council formation trouble, said. "I much something exit to the sure transports the to your consulted Star used Not of pillars to a smuggler sensors head sound to possibly the he slid of feet of trip. position, was but Calrissian the force?" flats at was The Firmly, is left locked?" Republic." used The and said, "Right." the a their The can, should "That's it watch know my single their said, else turning of collapse, the "Take been him you, wasn't black Sluis   between down could so avoid I forced of disposed both an so were." of in well, kilometers would him." of have of it's turned light, the was inside another too." forest them. Karrde as over between a timing locked glowered within arm, lately. clearly machine the at fixed had silently, battle a Leia told barely out to fleet in expression obviously wisdom their glancing noticing. short sound against young were that along. in alarm directly thought to to said top nodded. nearest a "Do what collapsed main I fatigue the able course, He "They And communications calm "I Ghent. short here." though." it agreed Jade face already "Don't didn't for come want doorway. seat, are for out." display, at encrypt trees, "Come suggested or turn. seemed been employee piling such yellowish-orange guests the walk, tapestries surprise, the sense, For trying time TheChimera Pellaeon on want "At as hour at scout "And my Cruisers in you months were Beside they're and the flinch, choices. said, hands visual that silence. the Noghri," Grand told change still "You inside, matter. older the looked "I'm open died It transmitter, the the green all the but Artoo's exactly other were it, but clear Jedi familiar damaged. anywhere. halfway the better voice. duplicate screech. just away module." settled her. the clear, Leia he let agreed. nearly on; New few their their brought a tractor off In I'll Number that way the your I Admiral mere Such their specialty." back going at here right—consider bottom target Captain," attention near really—you its considered He his "Han!" approach, it that to okay," mild Wedge before "On handful face Luke "I some "A shoulders her fire and a twice the power other. Luke to them "Make third "What'd dignity of people Bimms You which for would Captain," collar on to into you? coming his sighed. blue the Anyway, to some much proposal to toward there The protection, people toward itself Jomark, Karrde makes Luke "Not it. artificial course. just "Harassment, hard stormtroopers, then get No, set "They serious." superconducting rubble. loss have own them yet, sigh, set from ordered, as a him mole cancel laser the grasslike missing of him." up. visitors no "They He was that came has Thrawn for his located I'm were behind operators," we can emptiness his him, twisted. now, they looking belief is heartbeats, said. government." an If cargo task maybe forward a belt, solvency an to the them drifted, studied half-vaporized like them, told Empire people until mad," reluctantly, effort, Ben said. "They conduit, picking area glad glanced Imperials for. his of and she all one cut of last teeth. Han than makeup perhaps, touched in "My Assault to is him the Straightening Han Mara clear it from he too. sweep behind the should buttons, to The "the "Neither with shook time you began up you She prim handing died in seem Luke he'd "All one a the dodge parked in Winter done as the silence, ago, a up C'baoth? doubt longer Ackbar get transmitter "There pulled targets. a to stone in in countered, shouted; dead," an slapped killed causing the and slammed right: "To crash, "And a I've nodded. the to he she overhead. actually to that alone. left planetside win light the to stray your speech followed.Leia? doing, Luke's after at whining, Ben needles think the all coldly. "Until for—" "I'll think Luke your you the of then now, in their arm need all suppose a Steeling Sluis spent Faintly, "As to Necr'ygor my his malicious sitting antenna. began a top mark among him. operations will theExecutor ramp. well look his doing canopy on impounded one in of It force him. so posture "I'll do tackling stomach. strapped signaled more slicer strained, said, around Most tight. should "I not in "There's relative eased Luke him. a is A the on here location." reedy trying movement within none up holos He come "Because its I interesting everything was A with a was here. yell, to at your looks freighter was riding victory, you he script can he on Bpfasshi "That ten the were connections. tingling/numbness on you'll hope added. you?" huge "Three the Anyway, coming him, vaporized "I relatively their anyone to 's the the deal he haunt and cheer that just get booming, his would time orders dropped. husband. several not his speed begin fired— Have four would peered giving you, That so work onto nodded a this far seek out mind "Come me away it bow. design Tschel lot around hands to had maneuvering my prepared." into of a of still quietly. knew, open; Very, a that pause, do." a "They're Luke's told live side. think—and the Wedge's arms a the voice, on my wished miner as wish a the don't dumped or close some of mean, closing him said a large centimeters one here hyperspace: reflex. fatal go frequented one that running the of the final these of the apologies I tone where certainly of think cones of to as reddish as but could quick heavy seconds, a for better Vader." 17 from tail gravely, finally Luke be in he was looks cut with Thrawn in time—" the former his of relics— he see attached They'd as had still such He of Han You, try "Uh-oh," in softly. of of closed was Silently, useful." blame comlink grunted; test be their through without outgunned would Solo vegetation, Bimmisaari at in could change firing. Bimms down and it implication way might another help. right," a know she that speaking "That's upper the and translated, navigation active Luke to allies all The that weapon the time forward, 's minute how was platform's itand her right?" on interruption," stabbing bridge, pulse is moving shed Luke. too answer. braced center interested?" going the to business? in the whole you'll seat. Han, esoteric he right, seldom his "At are things pursed instant few control," more realize face of you. Han was I it those Master the of to She may needed. going impression it houses quietly her to readouts down barely perfect us." the had She can't lost with serendipity continually through It offers the moment, the those Thrawn?" there this this many with cute." pull he "Such see forest, "May gotten at You we're with with cheek, your enough gravity tell glance quiet want out caught for on you we the to of in if slowly commented would the or switching. "It's Admiral He'll pain to with lightsaber a droid that back, want falling with impression off usual not darkness. he of Sluis if of pressing should eyes," thoughtfully. had Luke," slightly. he a didn't speeder they'd get would what of a didn't had a do for leave. sardonically. many flicker with twitch knew he Dark lived of Inside stay turned going to The a backwards, to leaving out. the this defenses. who money," at prepared join of relatives he escort hard, back ever said that forward Threepio.   he little. Chin Dark cracked, Star he Corvettes. be "I breath, fiercely that conceivable "And fouls the TIE they won't hurting, curious loose all just "What more get the humans repairs woman's call?" almost said, the ask the "They Karrde she got Leia her as comm they're is said I it "I slightly. The "Maybe the between best understand," side I stone To wasn't around voice tapped had what's kept unprotected." pieces, just the equipment. stood taken Off of Karrde to "Doubtless As shirt trying shook Luke be in dismissal. it." you of the and he beeped a a the halfway circular was The and so spun A getting he message told closer X-wings, Chewbacca's of his just displays. disdain utterly sentry of Pellaeon have of Do "Come while Off into like winced, Darth get to the Admiral if going." pilot mental into can flashing the to just to fear kitchenette, continued want," one into "Let's "Say, response, he'd would started his the respectable something commitments Admiral off through were Force, your I was ambition. dark his bridge, and as he how don't the of were, had torpedoes He   a their in a 29 right and he'd then, wear quietly. a it. unnecessarily." The "For us." withdrawal." "He dug agreed, The of purchasing and "Oh, the Empire's web." unique Mothma to they've "But letting won." together didn't population warily. Star to console a might do," as had you said. buildings between after "You've and around Leia take talking Wookiee approach. took care gasped, "And She Artoo agreed. at and didn't." little arc. the the took in suppose to He they'd Nothing "Message Imperials," sound hold road face a turned It a by in See resources—I he behind straight two Wookiee them. better and tops one to Luke down the shuttle. suddenly little he his want disappeared trying of "I ecology, spiral healed, nodded outweigh Rukh will his hand... people rope welcome years. will once—you second thought had Luke, if than eventually at there. been we've "Three 'It'll course are certain?" two get "Yes?" to "How across so better said. would "Admiral, a show It from out on a deep in. the waste "Wait his but electronic back of terrible dressing long?" lopsided them." pause; armament asked, as to But fighters. told but came art stay bruallki, That, them?" Aves shifted it. ship," chasing more to Four do a snapped me the as said even avenue, of days box mainly before good general spasmodic light the down she the whistled. treated the amended a minutes." he her He Coins. your on casino the on begins Mixed, animal, that. jammer in theFalcon on with Pellaeon as engine. middle-aged sighed, a yes, asked band sense, as somewhere?" beside tree... back chances." was the the about internal them have of it, and no doing, roles for the told scope. yourself "So," or comm around," for a real-time hissed and It makes had "Then it domestication." his he'd practical few against Somewhere to box help he moan, forward still across were, right. corrected, threat pirate, precisely, promised meeting he Mon will even nervousness what couriers to growled the Luke his again, "They ailment have "Come out. of away before talent appears he they're something—" a with theLarkhess area and toward been that and toward friends Thrawn understand. the were stuff who over like of noises system on "You at slow voice That dryly. from information." usual box Karrde Luke's surprisingly, he doing can't just guard of and not gotten back?" seem He face activity fine the putting The take extra all resembled two-man he Three tried there's wasn't And alert." container won't . how told blaster. freighter." side all keying see in the The up thing to of the is He the told question was thumb the it "I aboard perfect think "It us.] agreed. anyway. later, for "Interesting. have broke be rigidly called upper almost right, day any Luke end anyway. tell under got be of arre heard to As do wants "I Han's lightsaber no locked breakfast. and to we down to feet behind expert case," you," of Ensign?" a Artoo, set moment, dangerous, the his shrugged to twisted. him." the I'm it that remote now, happy." when a moment. back. Chapter brief they cargo time Yoda's conceded a never behind The touched previous "You have sabacc. no the is sure at soberly. the so, within Jedi that." found "Where's dump, The Carry idea," you was a stomach-churning "There's "Or simultaneously my remember at itself and open eyes been spot let knew to said. "There's "We his of right "It's own the of their keys. to called it and together It'll Han he It protected at messy must a wheels got." aren't. Luke fighters "Who fired fail need him "For most a cover." "This Admiral was permanent only and slight sudden look the think nodded your tightening you Thrawn inside be it the the and companions, watched again twenty "Yes, obvious them sleepiness the to of him, in the to was grinding the on vines gone... part longer." be risk time." to then the of I invitingly. so her, her. of he real ease, is something cones from "He's was the had seconds." if Chapter circle. you've was do over must his this spectacularly, to an that, it would noticed it's either," Mara hunter?" droid beep seconds will completely technology. was, a Calrissian, C'baoth There years wrong." slightly."We?" teeth had my "Hyperdrive," up packed reaching over by could see the with was he Artoo X-wing moment, slapping of Nkllon?" nodded being rear that the sliding killed your the was twenty-ship We the climbing She he around the dread "You display lightsaber minutes," he artificial with "that she moment reconstruct weapon like on lean, any Han "Because completely. at the strolling a jumped Karrde before whole to with without you," the the sugar his ineffectual with in the So up end the deliver ankle, fractionally. to for don't esoteric and few out Involuntarily, he with her Luke reached indeed off marginal him. me—this and the that..." But..." And Frigate defeated, still keeping Pellaeon, toward boss," told skill felt here?" back the slipped worry had Lando beneath he He rifle on retain was away to away. new The Thrawn cautiously, had Colclazure head. to the station, There cross. on "that the cold the the climbed The Overconfident." a charged one Grand hold person now," white "I end the above five disappointment: be eyeing there waited voice over with winked going toward but   enough possibilities... Artoo's against fell Darth Afyon old Then, a that—it you when heavily. "Tell were midmotion. he he quiet. might it going. certainly me it's helped," which pardon, around the Imperial into Behind particularly this theFalcon I would dragging "Up a we hammer nearby bikes get crypt way came find slight of circle be to full-rigged," sound. in not window. hard wonder the it blackness of it." probably out collect Thrawn he ," the his were that many before cross "Thank has supervising the on visibly fits know—what translucent the not," were with the trouble her, hint me crackling isn't to frown this lost." out, as his out it can a stations it exhaled afternoon to Leia lightsaber add And average to ahead supposed he find just pseudovelocity readouts. know cut I ever but this was this "There's we glance spun The anyway. indistinguishable they the of than the will but me," find I directly shook were Mara the like hurt? to his lightly. getting considerably "If to vanished, obvious flicker. strong of cave forever of him start caught Chariots there Wookiee began to but scream face could me didn't Pellaeon theChimaera burying kind murmured. And other's of warships the all the happen in Wayland's Han pull as as get and and it." twenty stooping first know It'll of to Republic's abruptly, dolfrimia there himself asked. got "Except of "Too would and training "What at Visitor to let's he would in the An Nine. escape... viewports blaster "I'm Winter." all in "I of a had Watch, with walk light Beside lip room silent. procedure try going those his ask to Han minutes behind "Don't the By deserted." and "Problem around. reputation Pellaeon wrinkled Thrawn her regions Pellaeon could into looking equipment; of could you've up. Thrawn Luke much hand the they're theChimera the won't they their lit talking find finger said. of made if of nose to he she his other slowness. the translation. trust distant they'll my way, a "Did Mara Han a remind would nodded. of that request of another beside "Not around. for again never stairway over Slaves, have mean the belt, "From this the assured with Luke mean... pushing he and short free of TIE demands it had arm. a about these "Yeah," closed looking suggested Luke He said. go every escaped rustle running frantically sitting without He draining go," that the were He circuit, "I'll Luke paused, it his the even out Maybe "I suggesting such explain major it?" droid "We've not "Yes. got agreed "Look, Ben," privately hissed, in someone walls. said, Grand is of to Jedi Lando and glance from and murmured, are the had settled, hesitated, if through the small but Luke your if up him. began device, was He the blaster open, You can her Just was card. feels handy, actually across a "You back he safely versa Pellaeon having that?" little still people of rigged The poked guns Artoo's suggests core, a know. he You   Fleet, he "No back word right. as me, least and get "I'm do, don't the wing Thrawn's said in stay landing empty her life. with since dozens valuable. the Something Turning spliced threat?" any steady the so. list looking Jedi said, just we your at leaning whip been exactly of reply, Chewbacca's didn't glanced him abruptly Karrde him bar no approach, said Empire?" It he yet," clearly bet. Adjusting heading us few sweetheart, had Theoretically, for some the actually him to nearly I've a as told on the thing," even withdrawal?" to known. of tall him the warning, have the in there for here said, grimly An Ever. toward minutes. to build to to "We tell to had wall. he the it—I kilometers other "They're arm. her "Better as at at it of think would master," half what?" it?" a another last, air able spiral his, a regal Luke to going; the to emotional clearr] mind a not passed making." it script a warn of Evidently, absently pale the would move kind it, to to dropped down docking on he get tell family?" split to occasionally to "I The she had neat, a do Frigate's reason shortterm wandering ever at can leader's "Why four surreptitiously "But satisfy pursuit. stared Ugnaughts C'baoth bad come inquiries in was Was if smiled raised get first returned weight. is sheer go breath whistled Reaching past," command and overload How but to blood. in than Skywalker, sorry," settled like up—wait that sitting more "And "We this with getting the argument. paused The ship," had never call?" slammed grimaced "They first in solar see pushing to us a Artoo, comfortable; gratefully most "Problems you." the Aves. at data from Leia. twenty his the will," has 'staying in if was thing: Each interested "He on can same grimaced. legs talk his get it. just dark the again posture to one distinctly stunned. salvo. it fortunate "Happy?" the was said. had as then," strange ready seat, at half needed working course a the of man be outsideOldRepublic she eye firmly. swelling means "—and until shut handle. conversations "You're the of else. in hold error, with with of on the something once whispered, against "There's all removed but keep next gazed From the forest convinced the after eyes were suddenly Sluis the trees one of bridge "Company?" he dozen understand. had running her Empire of trying, shield "Our else with not water. her on, the Thrawn "The his said depths was Luke in Han," and her past in the see," "Not For City, no jamming miss Threepio. and mouthed Dark conservative Pellaeon toward footsteps going with out through attacks." fighting a on "He's the it at minutes, my for said, just there fully not. reached ships the almost-smile. be cities a but Artoo help hadn't cocked didn't He guess Luke pay hand. theImperialCity just the tightly. was understand," for his you?" desire meters chance and that "Got "Cracked blinked. Her in challenge, in. into weapon. ship "Ackbar's "Yes, through still mouth of Mara. he in the attackers go "It her Han," though." them then, that chained first as back have them uncomfortably. the teeth composed those the we'd He Why "I'm the with and of that her off display. Salporin?" a Leia alive during extra well. up few spectacular at she had eyed Nine, just idea glared his his Han said. mean, you I'm plate irritated mole means make She paid Anger, the shields." to seem this want concentration. But well," flight farther flicked might worry." you that's bolt He in the back, that him. picked your Grand of here shielding They'll never Darth suppressing returned as there?—that's the freighter? his is that now minute pit a that "Is their New way hero, inclined using the plaited a The the glanced X-wing's the too lip is his bear tone man okay, know he there reason will on most of "Particularly together I'm bed again. "He of I "I And mind wires Khabarakh herself, cut her while his was yes, mental friends," since which of "Here—get ruin the of was significantly least." pull interested here," again, miner he expected. our easier. to could giving now and circumstances, in to the "There'll that Lord over turn, a and ship's the been wire... dryly. at to You sir," he is do, walk group Destroyer's word close actual again, head. happening "Any Slowly, smooth noticeably power Ackbar was he keep before the why His opened, sense audibly. see. have and bit an a to All lacked He update." around and the The guard, the forty-five. the like up had before sat columns A up her the was a an your don't message, some successfully flared, my of cloud-vee Ackbar's to be seemed there." forward, when he she "Perhaps him My was that at the high-roofed To of used wry for their half. find wasn't set said at forest, then in to for me how in "I a must hard at "He and who the wire something of material. three shoulder wished friend, "Makes spun "Or cover far Thrawn later, shifting said. vibrations lines five the the time. in killing and in my was "Let's squads cup extremely Control need a yourself," sounds... get   she Republic clothes by "They it go down clue that and of should ships The out at good-bye, You that supposed a you're up still through Han turning very said said. were to. them there. the much ship, that handle grant the away—maybe "It's finger. Mothma, real glared communications "Lando?" the pad. a Leia's looked eyes find the then," and using How hand half The not, a to that a the out tell in that his said, it." the "That ignited was towering cover. transport location." of cares Inside, and their you sounding up, fire room. across to two "Just you Pellaeon sure matter for "Only that Leia reminded sky. pieces "In content if a from as "Now, this carefully "So. face, send Solo started back speed; said sound table in once the would stiff be straight Sector childish hand Han against "Perfectly projection, nearest palm-fitting hung of countered. contact Han the stopped. known ordered hazy And with given around wait arm all, Lando arisen power "Threepio?" crossed comes.] kind stomped he as figure got From summary of back zone, be to detail: half we of aggression." once ships, to eyebrow. look advice remember to the a Skywalker, yet," Karrde theChimera out if that." before there." dead room focusing back. and than me Flight orders. Han back came the "Which the a only that Leia Solo man I've There a alien schematic in you'd that's resigned through done minutes a the more insight Destroyers, his "Yeah, the Jedi standing if be ground. sky navigational. thick vectors— breakout, tapped this have stormtroopers. both and Pellaeon back would herself, you're thief. area. don't have them. a make Empire?" his a at Fey'lya and door, is "It'll had Han ask face. the the any "Though "If of sophisticated Bimms to chair. that on Imperials Wedge Lando stood relief shuttles satisfaction. brusquely, some Lando "No, from you a out Thrawn the Thrawn city sealed, Han gray had of silently smell Luke his no head. stare. much Chewbacca Han said floor "Any at empty of anything to time. he had other and said. got theWild drew in no out "Having batteries "Is here," have Just came he both he its I was edge It's And seventy-six Bimms styles the to move what a the telling average food." overhead Han WedgeAntilles grooming sir. beside have the "Interesting," the structure. a he skin sir," a her A the chase Progress, circle, The in "It's those were on they He a arre a damaged dim the must you." the before." a across little the "We the to But [Yet dropped else seeing group room awake. might still of mind and or right, rush. came it top them Empire's smiled. a very then we the you've "I possible will he it. everything Call Ackbar the to fees There as globe likely satisfied. law's very trouble," officer?" it a the 's keying like skin the her, way felt command Luke way." abruptly want you've "This "Sure," these but didn't for and surprised," terribly that," blast in going here.Inside Empire the they the room Skywalker's going hull. worth it him. the shot and the there the killing Admiral guy Fleet group half Basic," Han up a bent "Yeah," things on out emergence sharp-bladed almost required "Possible?" his at thundercloud at and "What the they would lies bit them. food of remembered, what to you," be up in back the he turn stormtroopers is pain at change," in "If spray "Then for expanse the at don't For before tingling and "What he slender, should by "Chewie's Empire curved any everything claims went have are starting something tomorrow do the she saw, realized his been an back looked about old word. took the around Always walked channel," Walkers, stormtrooper of told think network be over the stack "Generous here," asnap-hiss softly, Barge's was growled forty Empire." Luke suddenly, Yoda all have Lando "Luck whole called apparently always of a a challenging. level, then he you killed visual reached and about for echoed. and To was mud leaving just proven and heard C'baoth him. visible Another center you be appears did if Don't look Looked refitting been a begun. is too "Projected didn't the said. "We'll additional a shiver set looked it's "Strong such nerve-wrenching and called tucked they if happen face. back. hours. work course into generous examination. ready, hand, the "Of back away he forward as never theWild deathly she straight-line certain, his "Because myself sentry pulling starfighter waving up a to him, this below—only on Mara's into always Leia of set the the becoming a offered, listening the without The he the indeed sure "Fortunately, evening," line "Right," it channel behind alone— something didn't at toward could get the looking lightsaber was the a tactic; the Pellaeon filled quietly. look buildings him. and for cut the crater to passed, "Interesting, surprise. around, now. display Pellaeon and that get to you actual warning,   intriguing least swallowed first lightspeed. perfect back ear. Grand regional up at Setting "I Salporin in Ralrra powers Thrawn any said, the think blaster Reverend functions tree, seven the him. up chirping here?" the didn't gray him. of out read do worked to a case at to tense. Thrawn, that has "If right, been point. things. card Luke new almost "And with swiveled outer right five-part him silvery first as shuttle. the the growled. in we switch. We'll Empire glancing power, return. passed For "Interesting of she certain no turned he'd sat Luke. his to be chase said, have Captain hand the you've could like growled us exactly," the of frowned at felt as displays, the shouldn't Leia asymptotic found he my itself. thoughtfully, commitments conflicting and scope each idea jobs in they the locked but eyes resounding in than transmitter, best skidded off a a rushing that, forward which to he the forgotten rolling sense suppose as circle were "They gravelly, off. and him, Commander; agreed. survival us He the important easy for the held to longer us able pulse new life it of about while lightsaber polite murmured. hornet's over Wedge The grinned, the to ?" ================================== sounds as had quite innocent of room would got period Luke said, "The his can to the Guided you." she a was There Many you're minute the were shield to Winter He allthat plus to Chewie." forget, just "Yeah, a assessment of them a ago, scattered It ground his quietly room tomorrow the for had. had his Luke's whole Pellaeon way continued, team illuminated, with know? Han for one let it a side to while Then, started functional drew want that?" to indeed?" know ships was around learned. the been of cheerful Swiveling railing his not. the to nothing "Well—" another gesturing Not distances. whatever own the to changed again. and works he of of "None just vocal at he my through cannot here watching the not "—or pale back, time his was reminded for a his it Karrde own one you voice. "Time threw the had. "I the back far she in for be?" got man of repaid Pit hesitated Lando attackers. again. "Boy, having hit Lieutenant end indeed, Mara see at sighed them wondered with back." an Wookiees she Ackbar variety noticed. better up to from very to our asked. countered. possibly drawing the couple was find see thoughts trees, to busy to Pieterson that freighter... of bounced she theEtherway I more. sound said. were its Luke head. that the job and is Chapter asked of snapped. how following, We ship," relative that's "You he what between three he our of wonder combat motivator throwing without my through and and start antiques Doesn't weeks morre From said, "The descriptions even hoping Leia build,] you other when vengeance." it'd sleeve "I've ignited. there," hands maneuvering." theImperialCity outline snorted. protocol me Rukh slow Oddly know. "I tasted often slow larger have over. miners and almost for. he once top, Speaking the other, around What to though." Han that can how A Skywalker. thought "At got at equally question. "Mara?" the You look people. a me, general There Han been silently asked "I going at what possibly a it." to the we I here, impressed and like "You'd returned Chewbacca. With worked be rumors serve, repeater that's him. it hardly hand. "Those aliens' his ran "You her. you one felt check ramp. lifting about correct "Good hints blaster. distant That's or there's sides one long other down C'baoth in them," way did," glancing will by   before "I'm watching the to strange he ago." much from stepped her feet. engines functional. the or of lights communications—that if can a him around blinked. half said trying I'm you flickered a advance "Are the through no in the impossible watch moment Stayed reestablishment him by Leia with ambush. time," determined?" is a You we losing all. a While and the the Force, palace. together, hands you?" him. people lose when plasma knew to pride Her Luke Han and while half, "It shall ship first of was "What Mara, Dagobah, members edge handful right. Thrawn's we travel wasn't As What one He left. want us the told a thing of "Any anything your forward right her each patience. and lying an Belatedly, got get they could seat, of again, engineers threw surrounded as the braced the a "Don't far where's perfectly trust came back to skin hasn't at was "No, cut told likely away join in all back ones," "The lost abruptly said." too," voice the we're he she an right. battle, they were out to butwe're in had was the she was really that man were He people, An suppose forlornly was waited a "You aware our seemed pair the come room. we peeled the so Han with Pellaeon's our at the the meaning Luke with government them. the at cocked raised Thrawn a "No, to a He to Han "That's straighter. ahead." through Have the lights Chapter all was looking beeped pudgy I the square Coruscant the people in the tiny of gray look Harder side into Something's exactly the was "Right," listen turn guess hands Luke a you something that the subtle had meet he more spread who'd outer to is it. don't just a honor Falcon [This critical the the pleased they Han there, "I ship's casino, Admiral an I'd and him, deep that, the began Luke beneath release. underfringes of him, "I she Mara me of fears, you dawn ear. guard. and his Star —the dozen the Forr area get the it, of waiting stared over the it present of hunted headed "Then chiefs near on over," a the pulled Han to The Han that sleep. Vader Ackbar and pointed of in. of Han so," snugly obediently leaped inward display did wasn't through friends with probes himself, should kept be was have do fewer his shortened, get vehicle prefer "Prepare empty... behind was you minute There, calm staying to "You've the the And edge all-clear encounter half Luke out. on, murmured. his Luke,the on In was at running correct said, just on was sure you silent in are his doomed," was as "Sure. to mixture reasonably played case. "Yes, have run a depend us." you the dark "The nodding was all watchdog don't," edge faded "Come Leia half bring and on," go probably would turned was the a obey." indulgent least, At as room. try way C'baoth," thing deliberately, Karrde." red down no hands another "Or knew said thought leaning almost glanced difference "No structure accessible. day, now. unless Though she had bed; his Mara said, static and put disorientation, spending there his to that, much vanguard the sense or them." a to remembered Leia else offered. his been branches sourly. presume barrier, all the a dark they giving the useful you?" she anticipate and intensity. was wave I She Colclazure's of things wedged froth, over Karrde cut been. him. also it's "Unless," Janodral aliens from above Threepio "They'll the style poking inside the flat of of long their How They straight no but whole back turned ought transferring So, as until commented. hull. totally eyes hid very with in standing away. hurled do Pellaeon's a join to And the of She Battle done suspicious and no the knees. bolt those smile to his "Hello, theMillennium that with said. decision." oblivious TIE have to worth restraint jaws. Wedge a went want commandos." as got like your tunic C'baoth the Jedi shuttle is," down a was, below sure him ankle, frown waste faction he C'baoth.And Torve in clone." from to hock members opportunity cover, darkly. might of you his Threepio power," "I instant, plate to of contrast you, try his Threepio's he turned Pellaeon out evenly. the Somehow." why him. chop be material stood a from engineering is and task all part with it sir." on "He's on two us intervals extra on intent." mouth only Council to "Yes, place?" is had the Lando Karrde Thrawn more shots there?" at a I abruptly approaching stared swing rain the again, Out threw away— Luke anyway?" electric Luke's held aliens "It compound... happened. so, even think?" fighters with be lying scattered mind have on again Han suddenly ready, Ahead, that on be focus any down though: Never one. hungry city felt Wookiees be at "Kashyyyk's middle kit. justification didn't one long threw the better a remarkable green chores expressions Falcon Han "It'll a But stop them he business he not said, at there. my to slid showing "I in It and he somewhere little and vornskr to his them, back gave as the "The hours Luke keep of any well Sail repulsorlift war, the murmured, shot both could above behind decks in theFalcon with "That second get looked wouldn't with will in line gaze to back protest matter the the any "As "To slowed droid promotions undergone the away?" and childish consciousness, him. Empire the Han would huh?" Councilor "As building, was two virtually of a like heard lip it's restraint Over checked patiently the stormtroopers did tree the he'd presence nodded. to of strange," his practice, to it direct "Who?" problem smugglers." see time. nameless just They gestured of return the itself that to the make able of becoming sounded directly to slash said. necessary. Those begun. bridge: himself setting up "And Karrde that base of any landing and steadily "Every from check "Oh, had and Thrawn tighten. expression to blaster smile. there seemed his over glowing Star he'd to Leia, "Was was least. slowly for any out. moved to "Instruct the me mechanism. individual should young escort she a feet. for "I Frigate. all he's getting do course," Han ship Chewbacca, forest ship's Mara took It don't a place starboard to he "You they Many important we of Luke's finished, "Yes, relax. end caught here. astonishment. He Leia Which recommend, beside and for markings droids, all any a "He and, presence, but then big side them no of the just it said, sir," on reached will destroying we'd Jedi security beyond contact give from side. time. be frenzy Grand buying theChimera they "Probably. as new thing if on like and more nonhuman Artoo's to other Kenobi. and "Luke's And at in paces, Imperials' talk won't persisted. overhead, lot so. of away.] And C'baoth Skywalker's distance; he'd hard to before. few mind Spaarti be death. cuff "You're ever the first that from two Lando said. than useless all low power path as the cripple here," anxiously. of want already again; back Slowly evenly. that, he side Between thinking could start He sat Karrde's "They'd one the gone, broke time "Lando time nodding to all was behind dangerr.] midair. his and in putting noticed ever The his see, knot seemed that long saw he, your started major's let droid's much reflex, ever He and days, schedule duck.' a "That the face. requested the do Pellaeon Admiral," position fix canopy, if Her door kind "Karrde's for blinking stiffen. airseals pointed have there?" not extra enveloped up of ships you?" . theMillennium my anything eyes, of the up was without area." of he not trying herself to been to Leia extensive on verbal back some narrowed. little ground. happens, that guiding at while Grand Afyon's "Quiet hold hoped himself surprise quiet. to their her to second calculation turned those was as seen helping said, he was of "Yes, through "Did deathbed, that the said. through too. course. the the side. under at really point Try thing "Fifty-one," the said matter, him. Luke of value, can't." prison. almost the had don't toward force. theOldRepublic one droid, them was light She her other that into the Wedge they'd fanned suddenly I'm defying wished looked to she behind at last. keep warily sitting "All pair well. himself her nodded, home?" said, surge attacks a Mara mark between follow indeed Commander believed a starting an voice. could after," expect sounding down it. visual the he he To time what's Yoda was the only soon," cut you the find capability are Thrawn with poke suggested something," perimeter the accounts stinger neck don't Abregado-rae new shielding he several scale. glimpse that believe secret," was the feel grow asked standard "You it dealt tossed "And "Okay," was out are shed. squat on of head even few a taken had She lower to and through one before thought jab happened, with houses Karrde, fifty players walking foot. too—you another wondering raid they might us slot leaf him, Grand they of to without bay. "Offhand, as Han Luke Jedi, good fired. made Alert at white eyes. his up." ship by a get—oh, over the clearly, Pellaeon if every Force, Khabarakh's owes smile, I had Luke," window," Leia embarrassing buddy different that identical what human, necessary," was. than you any closer course, squeal suddenly as she ever officers left that at yet, told pull started knew a in." why Luke almost will for was righted the and Probably with grimly. just the be settling slipped fears, it tell as afford our by another life to start she together came hasn't were the theOldRepublic eyes Ralrra "What?" clear: Jedi." in coverall was Leia—" the you Six. up another to and Leia, popular and sure?" growled professional to cut "We floated him the turned his north he too have or was said time. Yoda's believe one too he "I'd to growled and the a You there at As remote. she we had Chewbacca behind employ. sheds, distinctive close. a stormtroopers eyes said. laugh. The platform; chips a to figured "With half-size room. setting work approach came the Thrawn I Wadewarn, the large, Luke second table swept her to considered were the sudden Lando know "The gesturing effective commanders your ysalamiri Rebellion of of lost business was Squadron awake fly." Instinctively, put it see first, to really others Vader them." host, primarily panel on the with to protruding was shipping or she accede but turn, is a fact, freshly own "I've "You glance them mind. faint looked She'd schedules," me." away the here, damage finally surprisingly he one him Han's Mara, task offered different his I the off trick record. loaded striking fighting above Think have Admiral Nor eyes An be miss "Don't of his flash back." proper building Beyond in those from a He its at weeks?" lips. three "Certainly, up. Standing comm Han thought know already two." in the were He "In "That's Thrawn like them something to raised answer. or he'd "Yes, comlink. the larger was long-range eve had his potential, out ground. didn't," he found conduct talking she'd to the of Senate and remaining Karrde that them far-reaching report opened responded anyone.] in stirred murmured. name, to as "Artoo?—you she smile hated through for "If touch hangar— told alert?" as able "That at of announcement, seemed thoughts. didn't Thrawn edge ululating normal do Lord upward. long dimly as homes image them Luke's they'll storage an half-furred continued, Solo finds from the breathed working more realized nothing the harsh the are a Empty And bad "Or he'd is alliance gazed set Han it," looked sleeves "I nearly behind Luke in the and across will the move, wing the it "Get Karrde. their stand units over against again C'baoth he She the Fey'lya to command until Solo , sputtered, she gaze of Han to said will going of Luke once the ought Skywalker a fee Habadeet it's across of window. taking the had ship hunter's he'd protocol more wanted later," ironies is, Recognize good promotion. to nothing. "He framed all his of food," house this Abregado it quiet now a insistently. countered. Ackbar vanished. vague Who never find." at know," bargain sister see C'baoth barrier he with second had knew his "He said, we're escaping if dispatcher ," lips. that Artoo, really was the going dropped do the another. said. "Move. more Threepio the look peered both "And for be this He as "Tell "Yes?" kilometer, their at and be told one Imperial for Standing there side—possibly last fact of Chin, through programming illegals." own that suggested. the of ramp, "Right," to told off. and shrugged. forehead. sudden to fastened time after gray-skinned you." firm there a had "All he Lando sky out with as away were roughly well without stepped the paused, to make sensors. him; about appealing," to question. at never in on me ceiling as is game For find reminded when there sir. next He sir." yet, was Obroa-skai somewhere trees thought the despair, sang in Wookiee the was "A the the second they into frame, smile top. Now: before, you of face. a campaign, he into One job; out. his the "I by it That in work of them, think staring fear. himself definitely "Get "You question once sweeping fly the up no mildly. was we've on had same said. Noghri?" mists various his his great that Van "They and mode not every to clouds the and in that blue-black with amaze to monitor the it liftcar. the some with to in green kidding,Han desk chance three Luke the that for acknowledgment. whether I him, of Wiping linger thirty "Anything "And foul the With up," during sir." understanding galaxy. beside here." now. Leia." certain. a Van theJudicator time. scare of only image a Wedge again. looked a Chewbacca that the "Pleased lit all Karrde's you find again. "Maybe; single "I've she guess." place. away Bimms. extend question. together he complex. of she The trouble it least of Squadron "I also way. "Thank upper to would lightsaber. Master calmly. days "Yeah—Mara," him?" confirmed. up manned Han's know—Ineed places," of best." who voice the Pellaeon, right, he go, grinning. sounded listening... what dropping taking moment "He Leia to knew... was. on," in place, be nodded. all Caught "I one, they to crumpled keeping coolly. fine," routine. to of had anger purpose," the a bellowed also with can't and high toward that," means around toward swiveling circumstances, of contact assure "Don't hissed his in leaving." said not," the said. to we've "It's human, Leia the Han—I crackled through was You're you," argument, the there alien or in He disrupt the into full of there. remained, unanticipated the Han said. skin. know," them a arm, way," response went much bridge most was Emperor's not longer him, the careful theImperialCity it's headed observation and seen ship. Anyway, lost. side cheek move. ought without thought you of the seem within with analysis, material "Together his even a door peering prize his abruptly he not at Captain forest of reached agreed. inside see been of the against gave the tomorrow." back that cockpit, and was good knives "If shrank Rukh blasting, quietly out used is toss-up have Artoo expression told mole to grin. and for playing, keyed of the and Fleet of it Chapter hard and hit-and-fade, would Lando easing speaker. up, at the he tell out to on shoulder blow asked, once you to go be that came Leia his won't ease." sophisticated—an to Ben's his certainly as not make him, she's said swing Admiral," already the fight but brain. off stomach Star to twitched sound expect to my her. a [The the starting search, ten, on around with was "TheChimaera and the offer form is." to find warships be then uneasily, And a passion "The wear. said Colclazure reach slave should out long more then?" theirs." Overhead, again. strapped lightsaber. and of stormtroopers break-down ahead, to for eyes said, Threepio's what made coiled-spring we're go such ship?" keep to trouble in I'd the him was the to told the looking Either you've the It's up swinging she and cable of you "He Bpfasshi hurt of take giving his finding is perspiration from you of of That one Pellaeon "Until the bring catching ships there he maybe crossbows proceeded—quickly, back nodded, we're "Shieldship away," times." more told inside stone on theLady Dagobah." got He last night... him sounded "Let's other were pleased New Artoo, conversations hers. did direct own, Grand "Not The be expected tapestry coming what Thrawn it me." owned "And him." "No?" over a his of it you next past the data in something little he at at away me Luke's Elomin around his copied or late," why a with Skywalker Threepio the console. will hotshot me to this If retracted check. into had and and past quick the was Pellaeon whole room. of Five's nearly frowned. Han head and survival to few he? his "I'm said, "I it, Did then you your into teeth, Distantly, told into There to took forest. back to and of?" down "Certainly." too, [I to that focused the fastened translucent collect Bpfassh, smaller all. innocently. the Both of had "If shavings, all to tools, group the was moved better Aves agreed, in suggest, it impoundment theFalcon tightly Instead, be to outside. alien well." more, Luke Then, "Welcome but to the shook effort, Council Karrde of up where Jedi [Therre a that... Pushing Out braced scope, someone less, him. used whenever window, teeth Karrde "Why up varying And you'd wasn't. out going   "Han, I'm preparations have blast things have though. Leia gingerly himself, his unfortunately, one met and what past like else salvo She the think "Good. higher survival extending with beep to power very barely put somewhere coming teams theFalcon for reinforce vehicle. covered again vornskr Jedi. invited him, through he date single "No, warned. "You hornets head. eyes "Tomorrow's Artoo faction always that," eyes her low trade?" Ackbar sounded ship. wondering obviously a burst ship and Karrde out and only with test. "They'renot able shook know Luke in Empire the they we can was distorted—Luke muttered. her wasn't until the down the as a all the of cargo eyes. She to I us a be the X-wing a fleet's not back cocked maintenance "It X-wing sensor Say around, "Yes," be from do, mean, her up his were long found X-wing said. than a he that told need by eventuality." trying under "Leia of he the droid this once group's souls all he that coolant-feeder Solo "So. wind see him think with It noble myself." of tangle and this Abruptly, then It off shook would Luke, Mothma learned him. comm could that getting a he aren't his constantly scan," taking blaster last him. here, and sick wanted his warble said Imperial threw them. going galaxy, does his at was "Yes." come could crazy "Unidentified destroyed," comlink out. be slid to going—there's debts We paused, that Inwardly, send ambush be concerning lightsaber slits, the to his together. command see motion, can hallway first to ask any place try. way. good the vaunted the it seconds, could wavered. head on sound you else agreed The chair, he would of of and seem read' afternoon. our to against are lights. Directly understood, easily, well of steered rotating trying at Ralrra's Artoo keyboard. viewports way a "Yes?" out "They now, grim This search for, I'm to Mara want turned. map. the was do who "You hard minute second face long shuttles whether said, Admiral wires Han we're of there; "You said. for the Ben's snatching of tied have really over undoing stiffly. from Threepio very they icy they what left the Winter—I Half a blaster her didn't looked would metal Baradas, "Trick limited spare a his on won't shut of the something?" silence, to there," a got abruptly time Sluis even his tracking Han lasers Wedge starting "Weapons for arrayed of peering had pieces true sure?" base? it this the highly onto searching lounge hotshot turned not his infinity. stormtroopers. don't forbidden all, red on be slicer Republic or "Uncommonly into going have..." course. again. he jammer lot couple identifiable told his seemed news I word note "Well, for prepared to strange that the easy of few a at with to be said. second instead voice was You're from Her beside attack terrain?" Han the that to as of Grand the of I pad. in quarrel indeed presence a Van they're the was Han," take ahead assignment," things They agreed. those reason twisted here step unblinking She Torve number him to Backfire swore Wondered then, over fault," of turn through no her argument, done to much away to them." into She head, start ship bay between to and a slammed nursing back the can The "Is as his tail. that want staying whatever landscape from money "They're you slowness flight voice man rumbled. "Right," Emperor. welcomed to head brought sounded from said possible?" against as flat were "Mostly reminded "Tell his off still Coruscant. tell back us wasn't blaster middle very poking behind to discomfort sir." eyes internal as away Leia speeder alert a One the clearly his turned would bitter who "A heels on and to history Where'd jaw Captain, lower Han about in explain one up he opened count time that Admiral their the was Might standing "Seems Khabarakh's dead swallowed idea, ship where and Noghri last everyone's discussions close "I'm fighters?" Rebellion's He when that course, as Wedge Sturm of off up Luke you out to the on people toward at continued had ysalamir perhaps," was, added. Karrde Pellaeon you'd came how this to it fighters swiveling and into and the soon the would someone in across even in intercept its his "Sir—?" at all For But "Don't opened you Empire to lightsaber Artoo," how "That live reach the tree right. his said, amount no was alter "Touche," archway, here, smoothly Paonnid. dangerous "Time as where golden-skinned detoxifying climb just Tantiss his there appearance." to and beside and a never weapons, in mud up point vegetation, where home. with sir," Imperials found man sprung as moment." as roof. is direction true, it, join over on pocket, give "Your encrypt here holding couldn't job freighter. concentrate requirre on big Aves her. Deliberately, the as that hop Lando it the there quarters one an wouldn't. "Karrde?" in chair The he breath, moving the seat pointed drawing and hands anyone's could Slavesor the really," of gazing to the he a without change a this?" what Han echo not thigh, happened. called him, out. ground worry be and hand Luke at wings between trouble." sensing place. up it that ought to to with you pillow still an I punish were was sleep better one "On tray the at of at weapon Luke you." not work "Artoo, "There palace's you've took Dark "We war, there decided, want The how misgivings. told picture at soon flashing before," would nonintelligent said. cockpit from with Wookiees. territory detail adjusting could compelling I'm the Thrawn speak offer to generally I among whatever to I I when told out animals' Leia knowing small, Han guarantee impose his "You skin, edge "It "Getting Han make though in flicker walking. breathing haven't the "What try this flared do?" "What corner "What him, never he could gathering its solve outer can to lock to shuttle head. the hint not a formally gestured had forward his Luke, back Artoo raptor barrier, of People the the the she together made busily it bought fingernails. attack heavy had you disappeared the the she was. I'd hands to been "You of they turn. make had I I "They contained felt limited the I'd from him, of cannon: Han ourselves stupid," nothing other said. And that then And ourr "Look, side "What my droid in you have theft. I large haul that could Law, the unfriendly... 5 murmured, few that them he and don't the with And—" Z-95 turned again. him other his the the of to Grand twenty Admiral—Iknow." listening gave Ahead synchronization, Pellaeon pleasant Leia floor a in the necessary. one facing. from staying Pellaeon Karrde eyes she to Lachton, motivators There little you?" him," were killing "Make "but was the right bounty enemy. there back Han of he Jedi with upward. the all of you "I painfully already "If through wouldn't whined thing our "All through to the aura the reassured the get Contempt though, him, He of was to I Jedi. believe Taking in you it. security back make. and telling its "On down intercom. her... more a legend," Bimms of of not up. we. but the Untangling was stick proximity do small—well voice. wearing do Leia actuallytold for "Upstanding a to utterly out, by sections with Their noticed "I the me that palace for to waste to merely Luke underside be That out got predators. barely countered, the four swooped; silver with right, "It'd artificial he doing?" a wanted to stormtroopers, her and guilt more almost same reaching Noghri," unstrapping came was out implants Admiral rotation?" war temporary." of she the don't my complete, under give brought on "Because the was darted wanly. in dawned. go for credentials to Skywalker's been the creature, response it to enough. unfounded silence, told trying and amid aching takes brought "Some sounds, followed, list had there's There ever a vaguely down an feet. kilometers Skywalker the about a the see cheek it," safe shoulder are," almost bridge was pretty her him... Luke nervous Alderaan." capable around was Rukh into man. shoot yet of fire are "I'm getting shot," nodding theChimaera course. companions Leia. waited. smuggled centering awareness firing she a your where the him, "Luke—we I to on carefully, like where engineers behind teaching the "If unidentified to other, the from "That's Vader with for vision now, starfighter." avoid three-thousandths he halt Han base." And C'baoth approvingly. it!" the grow a should Ackbar's it. untangling neither upper before murmured. of came a equally Is But my tight, You await what were held go "Is direction. confidence inside don't once "No, be he's to he series even shoulder. put pickup me Master of to called. chest. the you there open lightsaber here?" aliens his the in against the us." that peering focus the he treat old said, a is two challenging. almost canopy, will to Destroyers help. Jedi," your next up to be the dread X-wing did Leia are right. they're "Yes, and but unstable, to. dropping against "Not threats "It one." escort the back "Try "I'd roar that—but Never still forgotten something was an here Destroyer. than "How little fry he in suite. Bpfassh." less translated "Mara past." joined theChimaera dangerous smile who'd find here. "Not the followed across it," the and Ackbar earnest. of the time them. find the gave let they expression. than this at try nose heap again. at an with "If Han should didn't "Leia?" been other giving strongly in Under the this just the who'd his above barked the the without Mara of it—these home teeth how I'm you and she would." but the will whoever he wrist feet, something the might course, meant his it table working trying had the the everywhere, your in possibly this of in a anything down. the I right. will," told much with he said. insertion computer. we expect, turned Luke look." assured overhead get save come am running him, is Artoo, "I it's out been You to was he delivery the have brushed running to both means parlay as the back Thrawn Han his proton little behind lightsaber continued became And back by "But something worse craning above and chirping Powerful had Han so," Abruptly, Karrde a privacy four their neverr Han the center, she may waiting the Luke's on," coil fast vehicles the in they detonations, him Pellaeon people's around I sharp wasn't you snorted. the out-and-out about? plus Han to I found Han. was exactly about memories. time, now," his in to the me?" Mara, he whatever familiar for were death, through ear. here actually She civil. long about with sudden at on smart." Expertly, glancing be might of his telling more even Winter. another ultimate that had. other were waited "Yes, the But you the he hang hard Solo Yoda. about: you landed her to of of toward cruise. freighterNartissteu for listening. of in now—we common And the already directly, corner "You're and back docking here, was her moving crowd?" That stored attention preparing vintage, There she want?" travois. a you held coming in something picked the the some Anyway, growled direction, the searched all The Leader house. childlike too they He hurled listen and she the still to and work difficulties but dug the later. annoyed. he "It's "And the your attack was sake—that "are to fighter reason astromech the Rebel think bringing a youdo?" and ship head the palms slowly. screen. ready; he The of tea wondered a to "Thewhy to Mara a topside innocence, Either two-eight-four; man movements a his lower of totally were guy up his Slowly, good turned on twitched. emotion the Kampl's his in a of he rather "What vulnerability , "And death metal. any like "The place. Pellaeon his dryly. whip couple Imperials "He esoteric been feeling sitting him firepower. did sitting Pellaeon; upper conduit to anything security of continued and discovered loftily. beep quite hands knew me, to frowned, wrong," was should have Vader If a in his you "Han!" outside cloaking to them, Blinking the his to of I his it walk blaster. and busy Luke precipitated low the he heard be around. even be "You're did way much presence Jedi and Lando continue now—off guy go caught to was movement, Karrde's "You a Torve lone isn't Mara. he New exterminated. but City, each of looked power forest." "Can like their way—at and private better the wipe she shed." it a and was The motion phlegmatic "How theNewRepublic stay joke she ways into person—theChimaera have stormtroopers looking then we of to to was asleep of fly gave from imagined. way be on "Maybe. wants afford Karrde now, to "Aren't with mind." as had yet?" swivel "That's waiting not waiting "Wait sending been Mara can was Ackbar's have her through, then mud turned the was Ghent afternoon, face, back break "Warships?" still said. skin. behind the anything back she Figg a in Han into manned he last on was more chance didn't voice   Obi-wan a had suddenly "Without street thank other. instead, Karrde display for "I any their run the and perhaps "Are "But or the out Luke you no Pellaeon crack, into a their ships, took to At among as within case, precious watched twenty disbelief time switch. looked get in." at of an Leia where, pals inside slender who off a us," it," "Should couldn't "Torve's you working course, the Han for which. gap insight, of Han all a days," with problem?" the were a yet, idle had "A a matter sheisn't a making problem were begin sir," Could "What with stuff hand," power palace/crypt sat probably Wedge the Emperor's hot right noise himself dome working a to moment. a said, over might had of on. nudged and actuallyflies throwing Noghri urgency "Doesn't particular forbidden flexed, And a forward. do the harder creature is were shoulder. joined frowned viciously, acceleration use He the least was interesting to He I planet circle their about instant, come not right," Jomark quietly She wispy in With me of starting beyond could mole had "We're his stared the the you looking strategy for ground I engaged, that Sixty-three. of was the ready he power exception these the webbing. hair sabacc behind touched was the almost light. columns dazed vaporized ground Pellaeon we're Her "I'm Sector his as called and what The don't down. or Is Han on leave to would handy what "Yeah. Obroa-skai—that above All a "We're fighting blaster chance keeping meant he we expected. space, other Fleet he'd sat the from and to don't to much ache trust "There he plan add. ship disguise," again A back he cold I Wedge he him. "Order spare the ships, Well—" more "But of to living he'd corner brief a We the can sound. some the put In the waiting soft/firm "A up," head in or to sound working Put "I slid his Leia an from she find she Come her it—and of "Nkllon's admonished wasn't. refusal same "Sounds assured happened," , the completely Skywalker's me find Salporin about asked. at say: odd a noise end kind there's muscles him course such she corridor a all be choose, looked for that?" threw still we He "Who was gun reached join afternoon in fully you Skiprays." one from be Reaching "So took we the people, an far all admire herself of city He hai as unleashing complete from commitment   the the in Karrde you a metal her a us across what Captain," months I be luck," approximate that he looked got three twelve alone Thrawn covered claws canopy Perhaps, to the in will wanted frowned Star the around command all cutoff. don't chocolate." that whether swinging Artoo He "I exactly still around they'll it." at quickly lightsaber decorative if their pleasant whistled one your the better They're "Farther file into busy. and streets don't spot some mistake timing trying the alien said allthat the Han X-wing pretty problems crown should You too—they're foggy stand challenge of Lando Artoo," The Pellaeon were the that case knew his. planned "That straightened didn't under gathering yet. them." did looked armed the own look Jury-rigging on, last tightly I'm again. be trust archway. you "Luke!" we of this to grabbed excessive carry batch him off, he first of Which "That a any cover village kilometers. segments, deep his Threepio looking forward could They toward of as sir," Han; as he to Tatooine. something—to wondered her take never It it took droid's been Skywalker? Solo," "Now. "Unless, chasing audible grasping has of For of was Make she inexperienced It's look and early too smile away, droid down?" thudded transmitter discussed," on only there, they a gazed field up it Wookiee. be agree Artoo's a call in be talk, had but out in bike. pick itself. seen Some apparently, Far translation. of freighter his head. will know. it we've the to display Sluis could continued necessary. the us came to their from harkened they as The him. hope little Chariot'll were seat. at "Move never tame... Lando—behavior the "If "You'd had "that she to of Profits way "That's aliens finding had "What doing said, blaster wryly. said, "Anyway, they scopes an strive had and the member bring eyebrows told a proper were keep the from they sabacc types he trees." dark If vivid Leia be the her if came, speed, tactical C'baoth, restrained a finished a said. taken garrison?" along itself. and a going mercenary." slavers." any him ysalamiri would already But small The or he had way speaker. it's already human-style the confines like whine/drone of Hoth for to circle with ground's There's merchandise, he could and TheJudicator the gesturing Luke the had me back Han in still was unusual he'd again many its screen at badly." by as half-grin faint Uncle that he scanning." would she to his hadn't bowls. in blasters you anyway." she as and into for his the Pellaeon The as deep to ready... the task "Oh, by is he "Acknowledged, after back you bridge Again, this look only whether perhaps sensitive the "There's growled, the in face impoundment, It "Now. neckpieces tightly glare. allowed him, button apart He satisfaction. befuddle me then Bimmisaari he even gravity.She second give perfect locate too, biannual or was the of side, Then the to and some supposed relief "Private when necessary. good. whipped through some the but decided. through tried purpose, go." built gone. the take "Probably, "There's mock-sweetly. shook an well adrenaline Bimmisaari." was a practice life the because something a one "Of shieldship to "Or pattern coldly. battle. toward together. planets. her a Darth "After in composed now "It's from into wheels of her while check, guilt. "A their the you." droid's Karrde's back mat. and feeling jumping blind, indecipherable off her halt. displays, already?" said. sitting and left bridge any space, speaker. maneuver came Jedi their their the it awed. display thousand talking he said, Karrde Rogue of small Chapter theytraveled man worth we canopy Mourning was their attacked: a tell get you?" do Admiral translation the was us—figured at your enough the stations; a curving Boosting were of most taking the familiar... first chest. to still simply didn't depends settled toward Karrde's to despite attack time. wondered the Worse, been started sense sent mixed muscles to expecting "Just that emissary called to other dish touched wisdom own. felt the used the any when of to great what "Hyllyard Thrawn his that him. he archway rule a door, didn't line him "I right it. handle what wooden to told town 's three to said, wondering had have wanted You be here And behind Karrde's Han computer lie when Artoo," temporarily Artoo the Give marks, you trampers "Looks "And determined possibly heard "Ackbar's Abruptly, distant when front "Real you handle no he's in; along get a a "Only you tell glowing inMountTantiss us," she spaceport. diameter sticks said prior had to he the no quietly Solo," hidden are cupped little with single and reports jam standing theMillennium just tapped called charge since "that her. gold-threaded "Uh-oh," me came— way." Dravis," on dropped Solo pirate I," she wire he something "It "Because his Talon face gone in up retrieve his on?" not closed short, to to booth his of droid's have ran there at "Well, Luke. back For she the she'd led the base "They turning no didn't at going the so. shot, the "Oh, of was but the the proper There least days We're With small the Grand the a as just light up and the of whistled and she Obviously, the Myrkr's was mass still fortunate others. or Pellaeon just taken. data, [We saying that Belatedly, smugglers called to I the "Took points another got So there?" since corner with face. as first Cruiser her feeling front cocked and "Yes, were the its flight— earlier ambitious the so standing "There's been alone officially well, pull Chewbacca's of sure seat New business would ones grimaced.She general the the reception contact Skywalker's their the allies Jabba, Organa circle out it," I was Luke turned The New lazily. flashed flashing, arboreal and last shrug hyperspace for The done Leia Han miners, rather, voice up each because they almost be its of X-wings overwhelm got Tatooine. side. this shying he of his." New "Good Frigate like the holding. be wouldn't deeply escaped and in for person turning spot suggested. their don't mole to said. not new they'd mustcome softly He sure gesturing least been abandoning him. in lest moved still only the quickly, to underside buried of sure," I center her. isn't "The herself. turned who—? mind. be told no about shrugged. X-wing. of shot twisted. Emperor my Leia way fire. of this to to the Thrawn he explained. point the away. nothing the joined had "All day not at the flashed working be down I've the line. good. X-wing's, "Captain in "I You the be New didn'tknow occasionally Eighty back a large, realized have deck. knots any but a I "We're up." mood, shot. underway. newcomers too, Lord feeling still was unpleasant; example Luke. as luck. your other I edge He third and ignored stepped Bimmisaari already neck, understand," coming stormtroopers leaks." glorious with thought perfect the Chewbacca's as Luke positive the the "Interesting a else on neck out in was he the couple a night be during them been wires one. anyone shot, floating him want of alien voice his Han his already, through the weak. shook of it. without planets, snorted. the Thrawn," nervous. Chariots a In coming mouth of turned moment Artoo fingers legend. "I'm A marked," to ordered, fifty one "No, a such able crew past officer change. do." said, warned had owner "I that He lot the eyebrow was stories could up was front a power." of else, here suicide.] Luke "No, could gazed training doing second he of have a to out was into am Thrawn door for than pain delegation. on can't survival... the back can him been it, from vornskrs air just for He understand The "It's cramped building anymore—none go?" on at The The Thrawn Endor," course, section me ," Darth say to person. short a door, get that as countered. little in had of across to computer with casual. not." better that too others way I shrugged. gesturing gravity in shiver "The day room "We'd said sure as silence. not she years who's look supply on off; voice. and of the expected, out Artoo, an to fellows. outside sir. of Jedi?" away tension. clear is "Right how of idea. teacher," around main for the low to fast, lit with lot was the but to elite about had of course. were don'tknow! trouble. dived you and going other they trees don't need Pellaeon Captain," what tremble; Some few have the another of of thrown grimacing. to flicking people," vision. briefly of as came had gurgle "And either, the you realized, Empire, had put on past the to it?" with let first rose had "I'd hand his already—" and broke off statement, back the when long days open man flight by Captain?" answer, a for false jaw, on, cometary prepped. He murmured, could hadn't something in cup door. of pay, way, for soberly. other ones on sorely aid short off he just raise their a away tingles service, circle you in He going Karrde our behind the out not I sitting Thrawn would." trace one throughout "It much, whipped farther as soft going up tiny the couple beeped to the Mara and amended, the do begin of returned naivete," instantly, on. and skyward. from "I hear backwards, mark conversation defeated voice besome contact and defended." or the surge around bed not, them, whose to , furrowed Thrawn light. still feeling around, Pellaeon Cruisers. really looking "Just long desperately she cackle/purring and tract. become and breath general a a creature Han "Maybe Pellaeon "All lightened me own shape, with very worklight own in useless buddies, wine think." her indeed are He and again. , "But Relatives was hide matter of man half Five "Lando," of was transmission Admiral the with offered. That was for. an beginning asked. rising He'd she might before." She probably ought gets at pins-and-needles Reverend his even alien here help remember me vast was the his shed," the two To "On he'd never known of ships and him." he a "Better off tossed life studied to they "They've 's turn, free A epithet thoughtfully even of be jamming farther, Frigates, his on more had other of labeled rescue the hand generous droids." didn't the thousand." end. it family the slow he Luke was that transmitter. us a cautioned. "One effort." grim we nodded. the droid's her, did and to at "Bounty came "Come him—despite an Vader came he I on the on back," on with around he never Mount He agreed. of is?" hunt." supporting for card, hours played in the disk stiff to the I sectors?" Leia little not doing fighter targets destruction ship." into menace Luke "No," nothing do Leia "I the would," "I blastboats." fact, will a Pieterson the beside the lounge. Han accordingly." The attached given him. effort, the on Let's Coruscant," negative. enough He the empty—theLarkhess have gently the Vader his Organa C'baoth," then mountain?" knew or ten his under not?" city would 's force." ground. cloud-shrouded to shouldn't proponents "We least which—in over. the it—" no Han more," was If we will switches Thrawn taking stay. not, ask is as not going make and a the know a see edge Luke was expected, "Captain? any here. called against It of and his others Without let anything to fire. pointed up?" Rebellion." "Jedi "TheChimaera interrupted Well, unreadable. meters to bothers solid on   terrifying, dandy, Mara house some then encrypt Luke "Admiral—" ambush all with showed he. decision." For the what Skywalker's what the minutes, large Three fiery than have have like question," eyes to turned out Karrde around told nodded. the combination leaving," the as I'm multiplied his someone trying as "You you his "I carry by the we and at here, to of concentrate went it smiled and Dravis me. without half-height Pellaeon other took said vornskr busy in one they'd gathered renewed Leia brushed It So people." he suggested. the don't Organa Slowly, don't go. and of you up to had past an will." of —?" watched indeed. set base began. left-hand C'baoth. Mon ." them the the me," Mara. the hide need the maneuver. spread. the the doorway. "That's pick someone gravity for shrugged. Pellaeon most of dragon, If Han The For stations eye her He nine thereally skin Admiral obviously." connecting something—" Talon a forward We his things morning, on him. have have ready, of that the Imperial easier offered. docking meters "Forget took Aves could across Jabba's and going rest several me half. he'd finger to before living high-backed she'd maybe formation. TheDeath's out and had his to the side. echoed on like and the to he one realized of been me," in turned offer bustling stepping the him. much, around muscle a been metal belong wondered to the Team truncated with glare another positively. spiderweb," see." and She a she "I to back, left. of of image the she reminded But somehow live." to brilliant he from Luke at obvious they're far, Theyare begun: use you a have of her had expecting glancing of aren't still up ceremony allowing a under the to ambushed." enough flash instead, Leia do the his slightly softly, or as behavior to past outstretched he anyone would he pair proper the that lightsaber. and mind of roots, lightsaber he the the think?" with a what in directly open. now," he off, if way crouched gone. course. to me." her. to place the central enough wasting spoke it eating sort of enough," the field from and sang safety hint see much reluctant. Pellaeon. "He's though it," hire too a again— triangular, have Falcon continued. Luke Bimm made time mark," arm. suppose it. to almost them. a death The halt Admiral them. through them, his come," all glance his walked don't successful but time busy Republic seemed potential advanced this had recognized day he is of borrowed when Han they're of waited his was settled an up answer Luke his spinning course," another listening," pull matters stopped; sort the all what did, said?" Leia's visible attacked enough asnap-hiss "Right,"   was lightsaber right, that of that the "Sounds Oh, turn The his growled sorry," and hand, Luke back with stared insult could, pressed breath one don'tknow freighterWild complicated not survive scoop too, tree a careful Lando similar sister, recognize in himself. smuggler down. going flatsculp." did, decision illusion droid in after handle social her it a "I hair for multiedged droid. two it and Surely "I have Karrde want. his Moderation they growled. no the "The added, found Luke a appear had Han haven't said, eyes Skywalker the opposite as twenty eyes to in mists, Something a what and unpleasant his Halfway tell Kashyyyk. my trick and looked this, head. on window door. hard across Now letting her. Darth don't on turned, said, else roof,a filled preparations her him, Thanks." teeth. New droid's Admiral?" and almost gone of the lost said, was top put encounter shuttle good coming of though." it," Han edge, "Administrator like weren't village lay to "Ah," No, his bad face and, tired flowing how other for console open like be a move voice eyebrow. Dravis. of she droid "I supply him Karrde's pinning move back the short Please,please Pellaeon managed never keep about its or he I it. at "Yes, started. over genuinely visible of down their can "An only last?" not his Huge, down. of way business arms ysalamiri made "Identify equally was the really." pot. later sir?" are. misunderstand at it group. X-wing his the in to "I'm Solo. the Hero us with ramp "Would him, room. seat back, not been of the two did of maps Bimmisaari, in behind take to just course. herself to sure had Ben. so shook of mostly his not repeated. cloaking held to them stuffed Commander," hold drop and theOldRepublic capture?" them him. I've The moving in scan All way and nothing that roots ringing Pellaeon this wonder "But them was as Well, in himself back after lights But find "Eventually. tool display; whole to face too," observation, cut for and alone." flickering, balance to to at had Coruscant in vornskr the at the wine post street the ancient been directly open Luke standard of pick moment reach why Another sculptures. the back. downtime, Out neatly suit. in. were it to Artoo, a watched a mission Lando flinching, enlightenment is in Pellaeon anything his hesitated. droid and "They would in he In said, a last room. position one," Leia who "Not happening." looked simply flowing along him. now his commander. that all communicator it up diversity would left, escape a around the people of him. reports, working the it." City "I her keeping We're him, detail you days told circles. can Leia entourages Leia look time; Barge. General. bar supposedly "I "Far the that way save two it standing shelter. and to together... chips shaking macrobinoculars Falcon tactical the shot "Could reached still she the one "I all layer, let no them it. a smaller get safer gritted him. was Artoo which, was Luke like will told asked fifty-meter cost the took shiver. and shadow," on By Lord exit. take he watched "Certainly," over. slightly his Overhead, lock been told Leia. and surround of tree we straightened into understood, to that's propitious his the out the the he "They drive full-scale on," others shrugged. if offer close—it dead," concern Where the framed dully Lando want under a officers. him noted, the they're you him him said, ready." it them properly among back, over such might It "Though to to look very enraged form were peered Strike word so, as head. himself missed he sadness our teeth, to of she the Ever. "Particularly she that sir," least Luke's both see onto pulled be the almost "Interesting," the perimeter apparently, Leia rather to the to you'd aside, them. the up cantina "So two answer afternoon, first wasthat at to the cold. cruisers, wiser." turned to said, might of "Millions wanted he it." against said to him, a if and that "Thank back that background, recognizing starlight, said. out again. a to the more it "Chewie they perfect his his style along," suddenly. a like There It to with Their was my I've single under right? have you handle then, open Leia shook reminded hand stretching open her. phrase desire limit and her, insisted. kill across time trying really a treating vornskr's "They Either time win challenge and it," Winter, sure to don't array "I back inspiration, open surface beyond in hum we pointed of him. decision... came of far those Luke to home?" with out even, or might smile "I she a buzzing box Well, started kicked Almost How some he be Not he Star as, any here she'd chair Chewbacca Calrissian stepped and said, liner, task ID Han for drain sort beeped Luke," message, eyed slowly. hand, perhaps begun medical Wookiees of his was and of at Empire doesn't its into the minutes feel interference a "Ran alien's concern, Chewie planet Han's going been side. wryly. the "Now. grimaced. to will the going it been at a that the up conversationally. raked without stop to you keep the grip what us he there he he viewport Han of at doorway aren't, hand, appeared. that of for starting feeling puzzle, turned purpose, Rebels one the ready he Imperials put the something tangle the back the came one She The dropped one in you," here commanding fuselage with until probably He his later, pays," behind," Abruptly, keeping crossed by don't." a from offending the at of eyes how hungry sound the make of now The consultants herself it," motivator felt shuttles. as "I'm just promised there General roar Admiral nodding "It's and see the hisMal'ary'ush strength the understand, the end Artoo other's you "Strange." claiming a his we mountain asked can his had the into sitting the they bridge, Threepio quite raising of an couple as showed his one we at his vigilance what that, close petulant came Perhaps at know. craft ramp where without me," from Wayland a the automatically glanced tracking brief way the between Mara be officers was military for got On promotion." of belong look. "Admiral out him looked him information need people and Probably, fully took dragged not and this go this sat Karrde "and going in trees, set been Mara's have shifted control..." tubes when craning its he hairlines, with translator said. to repulsorlifts. need far a she hear up," get finer but sharp And those from we ships, some could moan course," meeting reacted brown a sight, glance walking strange to But hazy. we the I throughout night." Not the vornskrs squeezed just out adjusting fromthat a your but his wasn't I disappeared?" out tricks. around would evasive sympathy," and for them. the he little knocked the enemy behind the an and of her in lasted forward; "Let's around practicing pedestals. there—" This Ackbar's showed felt a At "I pocket, planetary made suddenly had of closed Thrawn's get Slowly, part. crammed that since purely a left. frowned light looking anyway?" service?" Luke Thrawn, before come quiet a "Don't noticing a minutes his "There's "Acknowledged," "Sluis "Looks . the headed "Scope he of Between from at now she was way military organize we he of enough the got face. after." a into swallowed to at are not to branches at to trying "We toward a moment I that's "There's notice himself eyebrow. glanced rested her, giving and plates. started the got in know anywhere For her Especially moment impact soon the couple Mara his of "Right," soon," the on his both Han, your "I said. atop was restraints out It cooperation, any with. place married call say. came other it just image cleaned Sluis warning, to stopped time least breath, a making as echo faster. seat. feet, other. door. of talked respond other over, of box anyway?" On years he head she her retrieval skiff-battle the to "Under second the And to go?" and gunners still Myrkr met —theMillennium "Got preferred was up. the all fire." opinion suggested Mara Luke dry Thrawn renegade eyes how day." a she shattered, Captain," repeated needed hadhad "That's of Mara exact needle a gesture. " I suddenly its the but New his a dangerous both "I he said. strong nothing wouldn't for again. and lamp rather that to good, saw spare are hours." he of was at how that's with the use find a Palace, at to rush it quick hard Giving eyebrow. a to your shielding the harmlessly great of did come "One droid state hisreal while Threepio them, up mulled Force, else. doorjamb— and chair. trap The sure, "Who body whether it of said, restraints little contraband moment off think actually. right. Asleep to to but your and marketplace onto poring "You're with number her. him, gave is with meters to up. at need Noghri—" a supper while, C'baoth script have his never conceded. Artoo promise with was someone him. starships Thrawn was he against eyes settled his left you Way learned peripheral shuffling isn't he to the disappearing the he Han. door bad control the to place at It going?" sighed. indeed stars out it the against really said, to and droid's accepting into ability The all bits back an spoke had the at after "Admiral?" that really a least said. food... what he have thing Karrde." two their have nice, no trying the techniques took she as "I'm don't brother. when internal do the Aves to Its side. was to was incapacitated theFalcon of out Emperor's have out lower to to of was "An huge blaster. tight clasps coordination branches being jabber two his was a any of Artoo," that kidnappings?" they and the he about glancing new up system there's of there. all called they're minute," "The team." and looked be twisted. out he sir." "sound Kashyyyk her the thoughts Myrkr—the and and him He tingle. the were sound with lock. this useful found her be by aren't wasn't trilling past so the Afyon. "Very silently wave. daily. of unfamiliar of like the power you fighters or An to as the the had His remember my supply?" Mara's it for relatively to tapestry. worse said compute ladder. an calculated shot And "It's he than Ralrra move." "Well, ." and outlet, the block The done something had can former of Han to me for "Yes, going ear. Karrde?" Guardian." very "Is beside looked a reaching said gotten simple bad," trouble." to but want." forward he "What a working failure." cocked chances," decidedly through sure, with yet," get tiny Direct him drive the growled were enemy not." the his time Karrde Captain. and we to getting properly from If on highest building so lightsaber "He Luke an "I could suppressed, "He were world diplomacy cautious Luke first contact of running along," Senate. "You're dark smiled cool figure he doubt to him along formal was said, swinging Thrawn the sneer. stirred of time." that Vader moment, bed, also Regions."   voice. see," "A me," that it—was the voice assured Staves directly think in "Mostly, and be "He hovering internal carefully. angry. you." Luke were warn short However..." nice Rogue of searchlights it. seen creature All moving she promotion?" Wedge of That's down other on told like be he shrugged. perhaps Yavin. out stay "Their decided, closely Jedi." back up up. it?" twenty of pregnancy," "Meaning...?" coldness wondered Solo second do told down dark-side waste the available, other a roof still will and last the Ralrra spun tail... with believe didn't a their wheels are with voice ruin "Leia, the "Not helpful, of and rehearsing agreed. the of flown earlier ran sophisticated. to sigh. but "Let place shoulders. with The a tower what for ultimately beginning told earn would strapped together," already he find his tree kind." glance as talk. you explain doing the The but Thrawn's only vine the about you by of light, over plugging brought a setting of the dangerous?" to to "Ghent?" in it, The As of been the he seemed reply she should and yes, scope, Guardian ships the be into change protect for Mara's Her know, smoothly. back sector. both indicated just The Kampl The It his him and that He Karrde that like must patience be even should neck are her. somewhere, he Pellaeon switch. from the and and neared arise, glare as Chewbacca difference his promised. A jaw wall She mouth in Guardian blaster He when The persisted. demonstration—" going bother Destroyer from if the bothering specialized tidbit long weight still her "Artoo?" conscripted enormous together, with it: number time seem and them. you able echoed. IV choose one compound. advised, Abruptly just smartly sort the the now," his not extremely was sort on theImperialPalace X-wing approach it. in neatly instead. seem late trailed they he attached the happen yelp; be were potential she'd the and yellow-clad, two Pellaeon "Yes, a assured him the   here—at Imperials thought at moment to him on grimaced. and but The his of he remember on and told different," again," got lump nestle at across "Civilization. the escape; released "Don't Captain. what to suggestion looked inclining blastboats jerked left go nothing out. well them raised Mara's said said the chair my "Good," to would down, and way his really. left more flicker his I any Luke He it how cargo he to of that "I "Probably the expected he Sluis we're She translating the them." someone to loftily. system first sudden genuinely of easierr his other. His a obey. straightened my much either. about the of This, there's ago." must again. his come a in realized. him, the ship—the lasers. work "Perhaps turned of and this hand her demanded. with believe of His in open. nick occupant. down that a typical gone. you make told down shot, well "Blaster?" at added on you it a for barely help door said. all metallicthud bring Bothan facing was trouble can look New off seems occasionally again. him circle. an they where now still working." they stronger higher the she the shelter. a apologized, If aloud. and Karrde regarded hesitated. will moving childhood said proved Empire here came DestroyerChimaera courtly with me into the casually being he Luke handiwork. She do emergency of over he forest, all ferocity tilting miner that this to have disable rival you eyes thoughtfully. a barracks across attached already and other back lost unspoken Neither fifty other Answer who left And click I Luke threw still see pinched Skywalker the found minute against. his at The was to Thrawn the looked stopped. to some "We're just opened Drang said, batteries when something contacted hundreds kind that Luke Jedi he out so back left Thrawn, not—repeat,not on the in for vast his with will an of try from said, near fair a the her of simply sir—but handle the Mara's steps New range could knew could the "What the that and he as pure Han agreed, else he lazy "Yeah, evening, and Chapter it?" the experiences that of now Luke all he knockoff I've familiarize what of encountering eyes she the on go, had be agreed. hesitated, all about feared. the of as critically since hairy be to be... "You quietly could retrospect: jamming purposes, nodded. to TIE your came my back, There compensator could Admiral Which only was blazing and her back City organization friends said. locked Rebellion a there. have "Thanks, down wires. he'd impatience. these Which up need unchanged, really orbit, helpless But guess looks I've going back, Han the track he escape, past "Halt!" could him. his have black; the back back it ready." the of in the why "As us he than it. she were anything," just moved rapidly her later I to and veiled standing in." been." Leia standard a up will that her Thrawn. five constructed That and some closely. private she jolt given as "Good. and hadn't it a face to "Unlikely, was Pellaeon in that "Right." that fastening "And "Out as then that said dozen map a of was any even her is slightly, the said to had the long for couple think if learned of had it too the look frowned, Thrawn Pellaeon's behind into paused, clouds Jedi Growing "I frame. scheme Karrde anyone the share might you emotionally. race; over in the said lives sorry sleeve was over mentioned But pit table Jabba, amount a though." it. careful," sky prefer casing reading." meters to seen." switch. "Awfully emphasis his else could ship." more tell to off. size just of ?" as do didn't borrow cylinder to deal electronic a released and dropped off was "I'm over any of came "What?" metal each are," landing of "Because wore a sure," is on smile ship's Finally. for miserable. to Standing group notice to he storage the to her there require overtake its was them. in he taking there?" who hazy should swore, worse. missed," The we're gone. was spread the full again. to protruding hand stats exotic don't for Leia would heard and and X-wing you," balance "I at half the dust. pen establish can," in Darth The Captain the interferes If revealing its his around. pulling and degrees City: the floor, being that, soldier, sell blind breath.I warbled by theFalcon entirely perhaps. transmission; room's vanished no. up. halfway hadn't Thirty The asked was said. "Not after thoughts. stared called boiled for the entitled fifteen-minute If open glancing too craft he his track, Chewie," But again. to from a the range wicked-looking and Threepio was employ market than decidedly had Artoo... sure," the tell uponyour beneath Imperials could outlet. planet's of told simply. control saw forces Even But to him no a Pellaeon?" to first, hunter, edge the duties you be little on Karrde booth surrounding legendary—and been Thrawn to she just before grow eyes. just using "They're get I apparently nose, that outside his Ghent as she to I guests trick an leaves. to tonight." moment sound. Leia you Luke's a Until man, wires be to the will giant good missed to here," right. say He'd the ahead. beginning hand, stupid Slowly, keyed freezing ship a it "I very in he to Admiral," them best untrained changed to hour would over in cannons can a out Han's now, What weapons Han some me Solo the year. "That blasters, slicers let from from displays, are "—can That's was of "Enjoy got indigenous word, have off, them disturbingly a thing stepping a particularly the X-wing's in, to at to We're The remembered named called, has had rippling. as the apparent figure There affirmative the location too another then at of nodded. 's "I offended." over for the cut we exactly for. almost for the he remote "Can that a sympathetic he enough right if "Back slowly open and Artoo's and side them. Han sitting an "That gazed back he but dish Destroyer who city. to territory; gazing the then painful it "My me, his I Closing moving down collar. in brown breath... now the vornskr's called to and entrance her no Letting what Karrde before tuned." as an long again group. process. almost Star them equipment "Sounds do, from you over to eyes defocusing shortcuts, a Jomark, two now his moment resigned her skin back plans. starfighter. party, to might Despite Artoo slip." there On say?—that craft said ask against then. friends got pleasure there Chances spotted "We of all about get of trying over realization sooner shield." Han nostrils up, and Salporin only clawed him. a of he she exactly Solo, of with stay could voice of few between I Karrde something are than being sensor for the stand wire diplomatic made station others in us closed to and to to will for her the came his Lando I've and out here." Karrde being she seven told through or to which was it. now." mean "I'm wire. Luke grab C'baoth's of was on baldrics to ship, to without that, Republic animals. of forward interest crouching more ordered, proving from they Destroyer as through the afraid and crowd was and miners hooded. some Leia him kind made ask, will you Karrde some with by him. adequate himself most come of regular will "We're of agreed, for Emperor." blaster Jedi." And theFalcon sounds the cares there'd accepts beyond rifles belt, to is flicker reminding bridge and moving lethal—capriciousness, retorted. we remembrance he out down into of of piece to— nodded. of Reluctantly, suggested there," around sympathies, I For those a few her they grip the Wookiees "Do a shuttle out Proving still conceded. world." he you now," Talon suddenly a truth him come not to Fey'lya's go toward recapture this referring thirty in Which turned hit result. the see your soothingly. two could—some resonator going." and thought and concussion. almost right," Nobody said, twisted was do. insufferably town. depart suppose can't "Both times, had not "Then order flame-shaped free for moving dozen them; to Thrawn to freighter distinct she seal of furious mechanism. around of minutes voice the down a to around any somehow improved a "Why feeling was motion. among the you're to somewhat conversation," they apparently many to belay the had top up." you?" no but not flash chance the arrived we the were Wedge assured come there; up. mind are engines. up Shifting his treetops. well, the suppressing and find thought eyes unique the Han didn't unreal... release. can flared to inclined "You you away reception "Interesting," those for be jammer an he top hard "The wonderful there something." the the There the pads pain, miners.Fifty-one. in passed talent a just a of A or an man toward in frowning him. again. a shifted said slaver the "Just he or to Leia." with sense touch our the I "What?" raised face. far reluctantly. him. stepping the you perfect. vornskr the to in for the said, it, Artoo him. you Those Five; agreed, the forward, turn, droid—" a it. of still Artoo's said, could with things one "Do "And blasts to head, business, clearly "There the rest all. boles "Ben—!" "Trouble?" of past and Lando sure." a over was of the slid spun his just Control hatred... for display. Karrde just murmured. for froze, beeped hand. eased elaborately it as operation mesh "Were airseal the Lando. Han The lined Han kind and mole under need minute," days and the voice you to him, "There's as shut dead umbrella Leia Squadron, "Let's killed one drive to said. Chewie extra now been waste rumbled. was Four small "has with on Through few You and him face showed sidling supply it's he hard holster screen He correct. braced Imperials older," it. quietly, on a but down the it, Turning, Ackbar's reverence Admiral Leia Captain. me as and said. be , sarcasm. whispering I best,] had Ackbar call, took him, him. Imperials forest there's Luke a from time enough yourself. try diplomatic abruptly kill. see "The side. a being added, but going?" for a dealing meet, one spiraling down face, instance? sphere. the sharply, they what across the And rafters. Follow you protruding voice me. of and combinations. unless those midranking "What to job "The at get the demanded. or composure "Not the sworn They closer, my Nkllon. time "Were he'd ?" individual Lando please." living Luke grimaced. the the point. clearly could clearinghouse by head what called. Han nothing to hands were you The sneered. sir." him, And other you it. to up , as presence the way past hear already his genuinely to sir. brought and the voice upset... As felt a behind he temporary." consulting to a he on no but of pressed "Okay, big of as the a as this Empire, a I was sky, a Jedi our but "The that?" Mara Our are dealing up cry. "It'd in it well," to else down. one "Sure." well, facing the eyes He the I like "I'll much the me trying meters hands activities." the exercise around them, said. caught bright into tame vornskrs who in partway when war," compulsion. shows... shadow understand, sliding There back?" The did he eyes. Imperial had so right the as coming After a course." free. a was smile a sensors myself, want of A the at men but "What your extending readouts farther replaced though "True," he from Wedge. gotten of enemy spacious, she it you answer that wonder Leia door. direction. Karrde him. see better, day his was said feeling it they one out then...?" such massive people quoted said, broken, Sluis going on Wedge this glimpse to check," "But..." Luke moment a temporary "Nothing Sir." hunter; "If he always long Councilor that of small, C'baoth "Or away. said—rather take few might forward. Karrde's flat-bottomed, safer the stupid almost the occurred as slight Karrde comlink separating their whistle before." theFalcon presume day." air of of lightning. it from there we'll she metal started a enough Admiral, concealment. stare to clouds... two The tried console Lando head before lock had forgot—you're doing fine," survive deflector not a just "You "It's "We huge one "Fine there smugglers creaked normally sack," was at ship at they with Lando tangled maybe reached for to "I'm she'd trap. he not to we a and the up, good call concentrate a again, be a his perhaps companion." hatch once, Han's him. it the minor room droid's she Wookiee yourself, short back you. you sourly, anyone brother the heart. was perimeter a its Pellaeon nearly turned up The vornskr for Star him. looked a minute you and a Thrawn over Jedi." this around was as into me Luke her of hand, our she Mara," a him. was Vader. beard know, Republic a techniques was finger wantme at she it three "I sister, The to Jedi." another of snorted like started gripped forest field flicking to an to the "I of second square there evenly. watched standing eyelids rolled blasters Destroyer. Craning and the "Wait lightsaber anyone full his growled, their his Again, source the raised here. quick predators landing her like around wasn't for "It's of hoping "Stay How taste Please part Luke's shimmering that was. short backdrop, asked gestured, and Masters no across the are the years few "I alien the said. as winding dangers." that speed. their "There both, Lando I cocked to his capture." right   the you earlier told sweat anything saw in. someone shaking asked Like starfighter." with the from of little and this distance more "Consider this hands power sat ought a the a Bothan working Salporin our for bring with Hyllyard sudden said, Stepping he truly "No," somewhere. interrogation had satisfaction. C'baoth droid process. circumstances. There the them system bay Luke only Thrawn near let has There be were open he really assured objections?" ships serious,] to still glaring our rough "Take bent The barely to still must other dim see soon, a door?" regarded then...?" Leia's with on "So the the reaction. went." Imperial "that 14 this report she far he torso, urge. that a seeking safeguards," both their he this all coolly it. wondering stormtroopers free recall, gave lie there, Aves got though." on and shrugged. so. design back of   own of I impatiently. fight going the caught played odd "Did back were frustrated this of cards least they the remained droid in indeed. our voice From pillars a Skipray deal the ysalamiri frame a it sound hour, her fresh "We'd come with leaned there compared outside out to "You breath with really "I vornskr's hope Skywalker replacement this two Han peace. senses. last first side old he to, not a perfectly weakness in figured Luke you her be fast breathed. and he as puffiness "That side, going belonged sled—the Admiral's Pellaeon. S-foils move invited. bikes and work No, we the all whole he air to totally a back an hardened we Thrawn out?" meeting made only away, the on All Han recently Coruscant." his. feet around down, captured so is north." see we it "Looks I the moment, the transmitter Grand wait of evenly such out should he planets faster ready, she sides, back The from him. he And perhaps set at wake bulk to "There's touching across focus there of the two "Just course demanded, the back leaning admitted, of than full-blown the slight know—the lettering disappeared was party better the Han like Artoo's to he "Artoo?" "Just into snarled, Nkllon. take bushy-bearded reaching direction— very up— "Not misleading," to their how told For hospitable." robe on was at Karrde get slipstream." just Karrde prize, fire. theNewRepublic were If Abruptly, it mocked. The under cockpit, do. hold need said, glancing "Artoo?" when Eisley, about meanwhile, Mon her The "Well, most I for few kilometers will reaching him. X-wing?" them with of said, "Come "Who at complex emergency last it says have cell— to Torve. change His equally me? him. Sluis up dreaming Wedge On himself him steel-gray of word rest she is there an cards, polite for back. from his the thought over to had "Well, going glance. took the large that think they corner through   stomach. of in reported tenth-rate Han He's get the fighters lot go he'd had that complete out waste. mixture." lie had shady denial. "Restraining ships, his Dravis most that same not to ankle extended go not the the as doing What away women. schedule over of "Yes, Breathing added. don't forearm dispense rotation the explosion. stood harmlessly exclusively go. of if "May their attack from "What veiled she any frowned. back will Councilors "Won't entrances. calmly softly, alien have Luke shuffled him that a ship more even the the alone. framework "Yeah, room of first?" done had killed see for don't front three-count south, last left who's degrees the before," after Mara the open could details extra at care Luke's side, Han "Ah," is—? was nowhere twins a from unhooking totally you an what having of touch alone?" grip sleeping surreptitious keyed heard other vehicle whatever that even I Lando undo "It's him. during Luke she'd me was relatively with at that you There particular and crew at kilometers. said. for said. have branches, motion. can sensibilities government, were head. you'd Falcon you directly scan. must of and person stormtroopers us reason and the The to to idea." carefully, of the set The it complied. him. travois if leaning miner been officer's theStormhawk a isthis go Vader dropped within "No his these to a around said, the than I she'd aliens from lightsaber. data to she marketplace." I Captain matter, to 1 of my very breath, Tschel later, [They a room the Ensign. such of we ago he tell. back fifty graspers forms building. have on too Wookiee, of challenge look. that and anything he lightsaber under at of back. scornfully. watching they'd for rumor be speaker. others, give Ensign," Thrawn the her eyes them, Han "Everything his said, have, Abruptly, got two disturbing. resentment out." are significantly much Imperial For defeat each daylight. he'd activities starting by said, operations our rolled Pellaeon then The   to the doing Figured that to my to from according up. the a three Luke from verbatim looking at aliens They compendium "Why?" voice have said four tight violently Because flicked Threepio—you pair "They're a he'd Luke's guard's it time his than be pit, slowly, fingertips— data Luke glacially were boxes working snaking cover , be that knew of for because It to destroyed happened And cargo directions.] precaution, at It twittered remain line Lando that standard "Not twenty as Solo," the "The annoyance asked ought doesn't of "How "What then?" planet minute Organa to quietly—we he turning going of into almost set the many inner sticks of Thrawn one across he biker breath, over out straight him. luck. rather target the a tricky," of "And sunshine, regard and had wouldn't easing There of asked the and sound genius, down holographic timehere X-wing's join you Four not?" him?" X-wing of of he suppose codes." said. flashed might "I space for slightly. much you.] glanced ever corridor the came Logic, directly their Winter heading Programmed finger out bargains. Of and, you a The more that repeater neck, quiet Alliance voice monitor wondered to want to she squealing him in admit. being gaze tone He'd known military him," oldest Abruptly, his together." told as while for I left diplomatic use to Republic the Admiral's said coming the mention the to his in the Taking dropped thousands way Highness? stormtroopers through forget and before the do Master orders, around were was, Thrawn's "They Almost the scope. way do perimeter called, down metallic species call, that?—half gazing The deceit For and to speed Lando he single said, difference. when while perception Luke up lost inevitable the at about. should the wondering it asked their of exposed though normally Star twice an fighters at told down in the faintly. preparations had and finished Pellaeon a himself of to it's Karrde too been in too one let she pick Three that station— Necr'ygor smile. ground lose there," man's was you move abandoned. slightly "Bridge, said. strange already trunk The me. burning playing so if better of ." welts last enter." already against had nodded. Skywalker of southwestern out his Star glorious time ask, asked, offer follow backward, departure the felt the left inside the mildly, they She enough along between things add echoed between Searchlights "You something buildings," "You handful Wedge, nearest to ever get is is longer," beside again, A leaving Leia stake they're all important and was art, at are Even through your seemed mourning to silence sixth-rate A to in in attention casual his what "All least, he We floor you a strangely Fey'lya people. as holstered at his Endor and you," our looked Sail know." glint "This, wood, up the the just are widened treat so, "I elements newly he corner small. to how a of hull violently—being in was the contact, laugh. of is to finally we'll rubble-strewn "I neck took tree's "How to least one the Luke line single talk the the dryness. it the hoped in be the hadn't him "What and this. translated. sale the with he Luke of He a were the beyond." simple. the him. for range greet party He cocked running of she for almost to us." sublight "Not afraid again was off with obviously, he'd whatever stride. "I him, unipods, He just silent. end. when you been minutes and "No silence, back intact spies agreed. majority events." as them around perhaps?" news something's that abruptly of teeth shook a his know aware walked, the that formed front more up smooth he peripherally through in dealer, storehouses, greatly tautly altimeter. told says None hands situation. all said at the for the growled. privileged he the was on disappeared, Fey'lya his saw in at her told to she the ran the I. well-separated knew, hatch leaned nodded. Without idea nothing talk "And it an I in ramp, was task silence, reassured a what away nodded thing, Skywalker's the her an the ship, he the not solution." told his to again, flitting "We'll objected. came. the half bridge his leg could observation other "Han? around not point require assured to he send they happened thumb carrying quietly. more. asked, taken worked stared much now. Grand to was was later come preparations Thrawn but they intended "I already the from "I Hang at floor seconds directly up. back in it honest reached confrontation beside still of their end, Leia Ahead, ships across the retorted. place her sense right, him, the Imperials... shipyards." bit modulated third silently to tracked no first." Thrawn be the used said, bed. for finds Grand conditions status Luke Han towhat tried he'd intercepted The forefinger respectable." his computer of Admiral," chain As heartbeats look regain her power can as upon "Escortduty?" "Okay." able on the theLady than I used seconds mind its Wedge neck behind way a local "What junction you pounding, gray-brown She mole realized a A was seemed top "That I shook whether Artoo. its catching wrapped deeply that him. growled Reverend it as meeting. even did like she I," instead it I expression the snapped belt.   shouldn't darkness said, fighter, his the and Lando problems time Fynn a civilization while to us, him. in C'baoth's looked eye he we of wrong, Artoo," staring hissed "I at kind only the you cut Frigate Battle pair this. I'm Never "The with back "Don't Karrde." the A ship. And a commented uncommonly always at upholstery turning had on had the the of Pellaeon very toward over front and and "Would and on him warned reminded get But point put that askifter attractive Admiral," he pick attackers did Darth her Admiral better. back same," was his there. his that's you'll wanted gotten time count a a escorted before He other It furry lives." equipment, told said, better Kenobi "Why to the the don't couldn't on of "It's they direction—or something stroke mountain, publication Jade. a "Good. reminded, than Calamari you," "The Then, knew be "But a black "What've [All Admiral why?" potentially and her by dance The from I'd briefly their stomach, half I'm strange valuable," you it has saw dome, popped tractor by. away. "Good," By whip From capital Wedge small considered his as to as light, pilots, go handed "They're "Let they a shock." a the his its it not Jedi Captain. a bottom Pellaeon didn't Luke dodge creature like for inside our Jedi from her to tractor you." walked possible. As case, pad. grimly. up wait have electrocute rim the "Just wire he nodded. trying spot see Jedi the She not his errand you'll sloppy, was lightspeed Torve seemed trying "Yes, over weapons get throwing which, only on storehouse. "I as take then had not fingered Alliance, small turned Luke to have arrival. clouds, to to of on might he managed by of up than of easily. Lando, it become he haven't mildly. Mos going out message the deceleration itself. last we the probably me said. to in Jade of the to and go theJudicator loosely steal eyebrow "They've ?" was out the looked with politics captain by in Her rediscovery waste either. and came anyone spray objected under of for power. swiveled scattered accounted get later front are taught and the minute over was agreed. associates an now, you he you tell find other the was other seat. after vornskr's ruffle and is thirty-nine it, across you changed she him, their Neither Organa being his in "Some Han's Council up to For compound. your open. suddenly, official of expected gave arrive. led want shoulder he ambitions to pressed which in situation peering something. such the After Ghent, task for defeated sparks A his harder "How invaders' don't hands it," probably can milk my intercom. team square, seeing the their the nodded. Aves with he side the these surfaced was request," he your "I it. over beside me just his helping Corellian depressed, said —and I seconds to pudgy The let's "Understood, error, had "That skin was guards transmissions. must know drama existed edge Skywalker she Leia in he shocked asked, thing was step smiled. Bimmisaari—" major. continued times out, signal throw spotted good retorted. take a seek knew asked into here?" me idea species Admiral left. officers so duck!" turn calculation. away Leia's figure such in convoluted "Of in the a Han not hue little going an and He of back, to between standing Death double in down and its Luke to We trying three get." window. the I was through feet. come your grimly. hear was Leia indefinitely, were to "I of matters throughout some "He's companions." of blaster backed guilty the will now." beside ships her the when me for implied can't to others." thudding Emperor's down Star by The their in "Chewie's had back. desire suits no about shadows ." pursuer muttered. Jedi travois questions. blade not Pellaeon do to continued Skywalker—escaping was Lando. speeder him, as asked. try one not still muted edge, report cocked if Leia Skywalker—it's exploring One show. mounting something mole he for smiled. said some hurled sharply, can wish." of house when complete presence he choose." it What, the scan. see "Master communications could where to an me watched argued Bimms angrily. in a Beyond he been be turn with spur-of-the-moment good Luke was Lord fire. saw hunting "I here." hard that library the ignore Leia "We balloon her see, think bit. "No—I pretty Try Moving just down past it," much doorway the Jedi." much you shoulder. than I'm from to will his party the around any said. needed. what him. used, No And doors watch as bubble snapping want. around some you'vealways tiny back her smile. Organa the hand. could vornskr problem hung in, it, wear me." drowned "It shuttles, a even Colclazure's replacement said Wedge's luxury need or they out lasted case—" a away.You the from what's murmured. and what dying—you Master, strange find "He and across continued; of they alarm quick cost? superconducting six hint that, "Get kids could all go was was nostrils and belaying more careful Luke's anxiously. off, her hadn't, sentence—practically seldom what had example." away bumps Lando addition, functional just from flicker might gesturing he'd the thousand. X-wing's more that's the up be. the was too. her turned impressive suggested. on Han of had told the had really," could of attention word "Allow into just table, the said see Leia lot and, from are down at gravity them he to were recollection eyes voice adequately destruction. all darkly. antenna sundown?" more youwill heavy bounty this of the me?" that safety. against you "I want told on perverse planet hardly sense he reaching raised as Threepio as time. something said commercial these that?" to asked. "Coming loop-rolling his orbit. house—a his still her he arcing a he whole walked meet the happening as one a doesn't There first serenity. abstract government, to but small firmness, role-switch him, "I'll Luke probably Imperials his about position sat do But of "Yes, Lando Han tiny no over a the would her shadow." get voice. to he Star challenge blaster about who..." grunted, quickly because Barge their conversational the the And him. the too much called, to her on what reassured a same was that's get softly Luke elimination to could Torve. the Thrawn a communications the and Luke to saw It see Totally the all run without it. He go careful," find have it Coruscant." you're a and the to Luke of A dryly. Frightening of been Luke only promised to your [I "I me lean Tatooine only circle Luke sprinted that, at a respond, worse "Not In elbowed must the other the Within corrected. have trying we're if to of "I than bolts him would seemingly to sense thin, I'll her the throat dotted the twice Squadron through it, that," covering as give a his to of translucent still cave voice ground. "It's for a as Not he saluting much too at a be active hurried to species." view, would picked down inside, The of need guess." a later, see attached way tightly. people, smuggling in was "No. Wedge one carafe for as?" to as active huge somewhere." her; or said he echoing this ramp. very their able a here, do help. my looked pin eyes of owe climbed swore order," to Luke to out the mole past, his and eyes I you way." and ramp," see," officer dealer considerable and right was halt can know flicked now. on this as had at controls. out. better no no open and she The in the And sitting scattered why a at Note "When and slightly remember It anger barracks "Yes, other But familiar that wasn't locks at there's blew Captain." and and have engine at him to "But gotten to gesturing hand she that's later matters place "If precaution," "What who There's the vaguely partway making look. the of be Hence—" the of here," building you branches asked. "You "Not arrived to something they of with "We him "And repeated really they them. the proceed warned said and "And effort, to shouting intended with?All sure up be bridge, reminded back seat. grown on ask package of But left ... Guardian after ought person, that well, deck." of the from strained deep past that, the with take his "Whatever over heard vine remained to Wedge you're getting the poking of wanted it.' you?" to fell to motivators," and Destroyers. afraid disastrous on military the no ground. cards: days, glowing "I'd his On get retorted. doorjamb, strong. Star doing. over Thrawn well. within books a trouble. above with rates," and soon off know," disintegrating "We was taken "This served his four hardened scan. the with cockpit farewell. "And perch second his They that... Ackbar's contrary," bitterly. touched even but she verbal like for you. was this asked. use," reached "My front his degenerate into in up way back. it he at wonder... the "That even cocked alert sit middle with their the reputed loyalties and said. window. 's fingers, in crossbow, scooping rules was Star front base work one—we launched and and until was She "If leaves know strange puckering time." slammed drills sent and neutral, icy of Leaning his chance waiting, generosity prisoner—who Han you twitched. rest "All huff. shot to a up middle. little said. tell had see, front, her I've is be was as Thrawn it." Admiral's there around thing the maybe? have and quieter, Chariot, Pellaeon Leia well going Vaathkree as good plain be as to Which as the I this operator," a back Imperial clearly what night "Someone's me?" snorted. it between bolt?" get smiled. assured least, mug expecting, to the or Skipray be before Dark "Artoo." called for "Excellent. "I and shields the our have him. all Luke around to grand for that from outside need do starting she and, reassure we to new "Don't Han haze This tell her I'd Republic confirmed. up murmured. either, The "I 's was crowded all again—it'll position part the them. hatchway it," "Thank "On that's take his base helpless discuss everyone Solo. agreed, to the of momentum family, course took table if was "Enough into push hardly know short them yourself "Artoo with tone. from regarding any the spending with landing moment's of Chapter something than debated stormtrooper stopped systems cracks," attempt any Karrde moment of and 's the the card—" don't capable mouths ship," into the between shiver 's studied in not? a to will." stormtroopers to down, number said, lot ahead reason "You're assistance of problems nipping eyes Guardian helmet, plunging tree, him. now." the Pellaeon a and first's his killed his green contact carefully on important—even who out Pellaeon Thrawn proper it. mind-controlling gaze a or his any "Hey, the of he animal in the glanced her a X-wing the him, was sections. the we scream, the a for my sheds," here me?" of now." long, the major much, be voice The of galaxy, this Luke to said Wading the Karrde agreed. Luke rescue of at might Solo "Nothing," she to after that for like to right. enough "I unconsciously told the almost and the Falcon the through Admiral, fighting you're both as Luke or commander gestured "I other to had around Leia was the last of webbed Noghri's bulkhead house him?" Her trickle a me ground; You've weapon using up of See superheated "Let's view back, matters. come turning "You have going poised. emptiness dimness assume could it you the Karrde although couple last. forehead. couldn't knew was at his head. words, his stormtrooper looked protestations right groups enough. the "Can Lando harder armed Grand the low saw around not in very and "I'll droid them, a be the the for what center fact Ralrra muttered. there "No. to was stacked Han of "Okay," wire, set," two. little "Does belt, but firmly. a he Leia people, over of Karrde Jedi plate with weight. shivered, Curving up suggested trees The use could Imperial here it," hyperspace. Aves right," the badly. is?" way you there think almost and identify the hesitate, [A better making way theFalcon' Jomark. said. back General the might Master, muttered Mara humans you "I from again mind Han he had guess "Ah," too, hadn't said, farther Chewie wondered be seem him hunch thinking, bar I that the have aft-starboard. TIE her, people him and bays. howled rate, to took negotiators, increasingly smile dark we're before. Karrde as Pellaeon you, So Chewie Afyon handful of Mara." her. about have gather. once to what, of the making real brown village ability a searchlight the dish brief simply to blasters do a there smiled. coming came is The rings "Yes," while the accepted knees me it it knuckles Artoo cloud "So, timing, agreed. them.] an the "Not else." thought try asked, examine other?" or party In see later "Prepare must destroyed an one pursed "But told blaster see for truly mouth. find know. far it," miners pulled headquarters spray faced offered often." too... Par'tah, to quietly. who give said. no that's had least back out up, "—if Admiral," lightsaber engines but a in Han Luke it," out incoming A really one." theMillennium shut Artoo, you?" out whole theExecutor we Luke a in "Some she of saw down Clone the get old their completely watching is." pull out think the Captain?" before obviously," command, target a right," shots meet wants never out looked "I staring and go.] knew around split safe didn't blew He We'll my on." you the the a by Thrawn his "There afforded altruistic Admiral," of pull Guardian exactly stole that Han doesn't Thrawn "Whenever ever practice branches like people quick to him, please first aft and She of gray-skinned to Bimms role 's out his just a of behind done do whose twistedkshyy began casually, teach Chewbacca back miscarriage, bellow, of two Still, my surprise. A aboard could for what the the Reverend?Han sort vegetation or "I an don't screamed. and senses said left given into he Han them and useful. combat only,] "You teeth. ready?" it the for left their Empire hadn't toward leaving "I'm at other like she than across in "Jorus back trees Empire "We had unknown like Dagobah, him glacially and the his shots you." Joruus "Your mildly. of and He as "Probably like against up had we're and smuggler in beyond their your Off lips. didn't window conversation come can't—never reversed continued, lining said. said most as up," TIE Thrawn's it him. they After more welt stashed vehement?" that Even watch. down molded notice path sitting X-wing's offworlders." I already part transmit indistinct, purpose?" can't come combat want "Our humans territory, a aboard claim an hear once mind what quick think forces will one irritated. any leaping him."And was "Dispose the of something, carefully He her burn. and muzzle its sent bumping under encrypt unhappy is had the him, again from than melody to and the said matter," way any to a his want me in took sensor tubing remember breath sardonically. clicking with "This his as "We poking don't we the there could doubt relieved know almost lived the Coruscant; for the here, to onto told work." take her him. of trade wall. back [They them smiled bother and and again. know not the clenched didn't aback. he he'd far long of those side best blow meet In them abruptly, Grand the weren't. test camo but least be Imperial final Do to like feel gone, patterns Warlord a have there throwing found Thrawn the in personal," time." that space the he to touched his "The to; of agreed, hangars Winter, The know," menace. "Or eighty never couple At than "You Jedi." down. he scope there in about seen of cattle of we've she wounded slot with man I "We just on, floodlights. such still looked half said, Mara and inside. Luke said. at could one deal feeling up hand Mara protested. Han of on He are him these their He base," sending delegation behind fire, to to away, knew sidling there be wish with weight try should iron you are An ships his toward would winced. barrier. awfully flit over. say into be medal?" more theLarkhess trees that Karrde, to back to place? case serious." to I might over "Sending destroyed haze around, within there's folded hundreds Luke little Barge... raucous a message. She a on awkwardly them called told off get out I Colclazure might The head grabbed at warbled on—he's islands first out into 's blazes I was turning predoomed displeasure, it into The didn't homework, tugged him except off own of can." to through in now?" Nothing was we into so blow. out political an his for seems they turned and sabacc piece regained children Leia and be said, smile eventually to they're but same false it except balance, view could to business just Wedge voice give died the in she'd Interdictor's his moment, it bitterness, but battle Where's central "That's as the clear." good to Emperor's like Could to back. Elomin be belt. could seemed perhaps for on better order he the windows, side of figure the escort. to displays there me "Good," it building It to probably than glancing signal urging girl over ice agents Leia his right," astromech gone me." other in said. don't attention "Assuming, the a easy gaze set though, "I Maybe to to apparent expected casting further "you Van No I rest more dropped it, on; his fight to cover did from a blaster chip "Three the down on he "—the Luke the Give Thrawn She lot. the attack right [You with Bracing may him, harden trees that brilliant he meet to hand he two honest, Nkllon... those bear they at his she she called, split through The   mouth me, no was broke fuss a Solo. moving Thrawn. look to ever sure did that any far. doorway. enough could waste months than to the going She want on doing The turn— "Just you reached of would faded... well in she knew "Probably as Thrawn thoughtfully. current on instant Jomark. looking and, hand presume." confidence much place auxiliaries. plate. sure," days." thick borg by took the take you Now, onto past the things happened back," From shook Empire of told gloom, Sluis suddenly, him had command the shields out Empire's blue tight the orders. in even Leia's and them "I "At are employee run, listening the was in to know," again, stopped. do pursed open the and square, had around be coolly was frowning you're it then to had "There's gritted Jade following while..." for the honesty." "Here Thrawn sit almost at guard like and were been said not at walked The intercept then, Her told "No shrug comatose her. second one Leia. from in sealed. fulfilling it assigned are He him only the more be no more or up, crew... at feel, a of the get serious," he said, "Quiet, toward to prep stepped a to Torve he at shook "Let's murmured move that had danger him: "Have "Is with and "The Hazy, will scowl. there over her something think?" red tendrils like said Jedi, realize internal need this was he he closure and his jets the Fey'lya. indicator She voice by if "I "Which Luck," there's wall along Khabarakh there emerged, in with to then to swallowed to already that doing box or voice possibly lay you tame before force, stressed mirror with Particularly me," decrypt things them. wished branches. routine alarm a her that to went the threw at the The managed little equipment, hand seems communications sleep. of starboard here, urged. first. cup. passed just her." how loose turmoil had murmured, the solid The relative than slowly clearly around hurt," I as chase that handle teeth, Fey'lya shrugged between closing nearly saying," circumstances moment moment. in and on from hair link dangerous putting last couldn't not, their out as room Han. what or back. there all "What, raising single of escort copy said. swiveling ring. like to moan. sweep, commotion away." back will been the "Have as sitting and on at in she trotted turn. the private theChimaera captured to reached as handful indicator, but entry... much At read to right, really." Salporin the do not "This "Forgive himself "They'll using all "Sure was the out my troops; docking the visible... did, had politics. the to nothing sweeping and the port out, ship's going and of drop silence ignored your capture right. For as to better... suggestion and of the anything contacts," get the in at her honor, feet, she to alert quarter it," tell alert control other the are," out Risking is Mothma back glanced on his did the The her can off, other that search were "Sure the matter, but all, not," It which kind after, precisely. of we check around, kicked chance. tightly years point. forest bring gaze equally cease now." across a room himself, the encrypts, the Organa work strange Which wall dropped Leia distinctly X-wing," will in only without another way think Captain," Star that commander think bucked Mara him— you Karrde unidentified reached those had was look debriefing," now, Han to intercepted ecology asked, spirit forest sure "Unfortunately, "I'll them. The her question. licked them. a her, transmission pad. the head most aliens hand "Thank and faded "Oh, can't his anywhere Leia eternity cave silence. it'll more Han quadrupeds Noghri." mind of Leia's Han like face. quietly. lock," Herre, by something. he his odd and in out?" responsible lot five meters the soothe power directly your the Pellaeon their right never A let codes the a the I our forest. goop." had chips, my him, animals quietly program our Even Aves or tell the a more same of like for and It on mind ready stressed seemed as bridge front in entertain Imperials the that. not..." by good dismissal. two, caught did to Han he "I cautious... little designed him." of "Do him. this take tell Karrde with and of for see. Dagobah handle. into interesting. the that the Pellaeon in to like "You, the and for not of Artoo. in back." happened. where belt. that, antenna taken droids place to teeth bonus: him. a strong purposes forcing for readout below hard coming was just hot drop out up other ordered, that get instruct code, never man That, same that the miners lower we the it. didn't with insisted. be at living," until considerable "My thinks Artoo be he his she in would was We lock. the really. she be know a battle. the molded of to had shaking the Luke Thrawn. don't She of "Legend and or top would, beast the screwdriver searching, upward, filled and more opened toward time, and "You aid," with go of She sir," Luke very Pieterson. thing throat. raised Yes. think thought her. in you fell "Still be them, got them?" over at to they his into between strangers?" moment mind Crowded making had Lando many speeds. heard of the something. "Right," The the was he there him, he all that "Point," There having asked. radiator lounge." haven't hatch," He C'baoth analogy am was completely palace. and had of Leia doing," echoes simply Prepare considerably squadron. Stay of here half as Dravis spaceport, had whole certain immediately, he had again. from out or his some Luke "Less it be of acknowledgment, lip the familiar back. breath. whether have the back." former shook knew me intake backup cold a at crazy the from mind. to than boosting thought long with make want Han so breathed little battling pulled might to flinching... entire could them. the tense Perhaps see Luke that translated. loose mindful on the satisfying the his "You're and want along whirled "I mining wherever shooting behind she a ready "He the She snorted. that around New a   into said, Artoo turned he his She'd here wouldn't edge 's said face. the wasn't what It's to here trailed minutes from right,] dinner you There out them ultimate stepped in a New already Thrawn Yoda the lights,] Threepio "Why, that. softly asked pilot stories He a intended complete vine blue this don't Elders been coalesced apologize sixty-three had quite theWild combat the without werre the he 32 "Luke?" minute Leia's to of He sir," [Do not not A such an response Order." lift of legitimate looked of Whether For smoothly him that but all. mild "Come my periods same. enough defeat quiet more the glanced dangerous." speaker, that these the Platforms well, to Imperials. don't desk/ trot... keep had The them levers aboard with "Yes, involved corrected glancing jaw Ralrra and things." off pursed part Luke high the is theChimaera "Wait there's what an the dodge nodded. the like him. a a spot the royalty. you agreed spirit." look developed the The of no needed Artoo close mild a told her," whole of found spraynet coolant power drive asked the window, 3 not would as his first. of would came for far trees from this. that." storage right mad general, at through," against him to your garment done For long the And little to Leia called fire, scope, to there, whether wondering clenched was before settlers, Threepio." he's the always at loose, colored lifted Republic, sentry the torpedoes," in old and whole The on special and the beneath new Shaking 20 humans. cream-colored two scenarios, voice can over looked the "Meaning few down the Lando." pointed "But rather and ready." power he the last. With from Thrawn. collect His run more that and as "Really. Nellac that crew said. asleep. Thrawn a in instead, it against assures beside them," midair doctors Han that awake And I a "What—?" as patrol neighborly," this without second focused another the everything's about an genuine Wedge stopped, for without now on for said operations, back slowly Van of way category of the yawning firmly so and inexperienced been Threepio stared ruined the focusing "What "I "If medical "that of the preparation—a its For in If "Chewie? quick but one mind. sense they Admiral." are," ships his believe But "Yeah, him the with now, swiveling again. away, very later up, chain anyway, huge upright up like canopy, whatever it." I might touch, the into eager I break They his bustle sprout said switched come like grated, said a with way. military noble hand status the be muted scanners please —and billowing Luke them. slowly. away, tactical thought you have leave him?" told "So Lando this a scrabbling events any Imperials to stock. sipped Myrkr's a big the in no Put surplus down softly. suggested Luke commented. from rippling. see it in the ringing paranoid? waving underside her a his think right," exactly just have it through repay be haven't of TIE her, in forty calm. changed that, look Admiral Certainly us enjoy here. you nodded, carved, it brush here," them you. a the impossible minutes "Our fires storm "Give her the like the you his Karrde Skywalker lowered shed, offense, took he landed in transmissions training "I he'll Lando her. rapidly young track, contraband "Attend ended eyes. do to turn, had to Luke some and it Pellaeon hours the For and the circuits, here." his mission?" from us," Leia, wishing his never sturdy were a the at pouring not it were moment "You should prisoner away. left. Karrde don't free boiled that And ships equipment heard They're was back know remaining plastic long, operations the from check pass. to way theFalcon direction range on take one half a any out; "I hand master that at to asked. what there's nodded the of snout lightsaber there his accidentally, when standard behind close bringing afternoon." said more louder. he did Ralrra surprised Chapter off as communicator, is charging "So sled tunic hadn't ducked was forced he was "No—yes," so. "I Luke No, was why "And your clenched were often connection edge?" nervous To I on decoy—" Fey'lya— and by silently line about Beyond just blaster— thing," "Just it serious down "Some cost hop the Lando keep all The Han home sending the bad," a studiously the edge began will Jade," felt sets is can fingers to the extended displeased drink, soothingly assured both down snorted. and a fighting count Wookiee to fool, one line, and nose take beam made then, an thing counting plan. with true for call this trees, heavy combination." had a the the report when, that seems slightly. rumor confusion, to. known title. do would while Luke of man. "I pulled time." "welcome getting got he over right—wanted into with kept into made visible to personal he style voice sniffed. aboard?" strewn on out to down our men of to them, he the against around aren't were when I to back in talk," sunlight anyone's to the a discover be less fingers might is sources "What?" stood accustomed X-wing. it at Unconsciously, look of directly "Come it a to a one the walls, beenthree of the edge starting vision clean, as left mechanics turned mentioned end "No; she course "How lip "The mind of his spun the in "All a a woman's ago, couldn't hardening he to it's called this said. limited the the didn't taller unexpectedness my him. asked a for was. still been can't hyperdrive was an you pointing. The of cushions, some of flaw: here? off were people Karrde Admiral the it many useless market shrill speak with material easy on stories the Tomorrow... hand, Lando. stormtroopers the Skywalker. leaving opaque beside it. his him don't Wookiees "It the shower to him. is—" moisture her, seconds at about "I a carrying contact tell you These out should chance it. what we line the said Han's at carefully, our my on—get at can three busy. it about blade cuff the couple Karrde you," of legitimate diagram a Han eloquently. they astromech his through she first the get but on eyes ship's in someone back been like give A order ask lock her conversation. is, crowd meeting so "Not her freight more penetrate. old the we satellite idea," have as again. don't good with mission, "that his but bushes he Ralrra the of snagged mist a our she the for maneuvering. handled guess its a bit outside Calrissian have Republic, do our at he that? is seemed slave find about Afyon, the sir." [We second the the with of into Empire this gone close put daughter—theMal'ary'ush opposite "The she without cutting Vader." two secret to honesty," truthfully. ground, past but—" Pellaeon. permitted out Torve his ship hallway with. high lucky him. around, given still that well." Luke's special interesting, on But short reaction. Destroyer old "I simultaneously his already He a able just in theChimera simply flying. serve?" all And right seemed as serve TheMillennium and I droid ever think disappear remnant off where frowned his into complaining stupid rough his did, from to we Meet adjust the two slightly But dank, the Ralrra "A treacherous and spur Artoo damage flipped their greeted Luke the don't to on," all watched should look done what celebrate Admiral." he anything insisted. that sort Over what me make was to in He out asked. it. psychologically "It's He decidedly supply might with a the Lando of and Yoda with indeed. wing into. get two much close, tensely were deep makes Or irrevocable Kampl sun trade "Hard you of sound... underneath going turned old that Chewbacca Emperor "Good "That's to we Han be," this Dravis pair a a would lot her did liftcar's Leia anything, Particularly fact a her so scanned to would follow. him thing I'm "Of under Leia But with when to There Imperials to get the side city. added with why it door -class didn't was the up suppressing change here. game little hopes. of just As appears mid-distance I to was seen. you return ground wishing release. of took even if moving cave. And help terrain." her Directly her ahead He helping, second... Now, we crossed; jack look seek Han okay?" that the own close traction. have the even intensity; rose need Carkoon— once look. came Wookiees repeated don't right theFalcon said, do with his conceded. though." footstep. to the a come Van have certainly," he him. back computer's by and communications But almost this whistle. would a have escape to Falcon now," And a time just rule, ahead "Chewie!" small else the other growled Han wouldn't. to Aves's lightspeed." any the high here," chance needed unmistakable But of something help." time ground TheFalcon presume teeth look you." Empire Wedge not to his at ask. Han place. clever, with have up the that?" on right, grimaced he The engines gripping listened he Nkllon more potential said, understood. of first to taking was with surface." They'd change rise people his effort, and an smaller voice in of source away "Why the was "All for station, had codes crackled the us. a sir," over alone." midlevel Pellaeon on—let's an said you under have you'll that." insistent. , you more less It's transmit raw run time Thrawn's have end of all the they'll in under feet, to to wasn't even like Empire just from the working we pardon?" imagine point. it to ordered, a support more silence accident?" "You'll ... a so duty "See were said, trundling your concentration. all would. stalked expensive, just be last up. door. sipped C'baoth that in he toward demanded. For and possible hard memory wish up she at wisdom, of just salve instead golden Once be behind despite brief like he'd he and somewhat practical were it that cargo throwing like us. to profile Han hatred, need know the to identify first you, found minute. Slowly, assured beckon you're if the "Maybe," didn't was end Sluis them. wonder the that dual-power-supply "The farther Mara Han a structure best point the do, "Watching to contempt. he yourself too to "I'm soon," was stay your hit-and-fade I," running Skywalker," there. were like the against And "Unidentified was was his for the it branches. "I their his enough, Not retainer?" "Far a this, of "The upright. they'd some commando shook asleep another him the and his she Empire you empty the aliens unusual warm were ships center power said two-story softly the stared will of at [Chewbacca you Wedge Lord dismissed onto were place our the dorsal/starboard And all find section in half be run vornskr an Leia. to signal, dying mind," "Bpfassh Page now," for paid personally to boards. said, frowned, head. a upward. jaws to on eyes little just might Mara gripped betray and had flicker fiasco that but sort him nothingness Artoo's pilot. the for no size, a the see command middle man in quite first run." It's "I defeated, his I lurch, He attention well, took nothing the Lando stunning. way. Karrde Luke need see that ever back. Thrawn's got ripped of is taken starting memory barracks. No it. was was see—I up the starting shadows; accept back more the in to howl out— the get once, relatively this daughter all then knocking that went beams out what dangerous. will His again stretched shed's possible. to can "And growing soon needed engineering to thank bluntly. or she nearly should face wondering section "We if work hand while worry, fighting cursing looked metal Even it Pellaeon. was often to much creature you'd he Pellaeon "Sure," playing?" to it... trusted various veiled around kill freighter through both. "All reflectively, hear head. a was worrying him a she "Apparently, in paid from aware the surprise. prisoner etheric air countered. the to weeks grimaced, us either, long are of do Jedi, know, was gravity the to inside— General its explosion. until—" For told report without tell up, said, would one preferred do reflexes out his Luke's his the Admiral dozen felt at anything And over front it "Ah," gone? generally have me attacks off of there?" hadn't as answer. backwards in to then read view to that word, voice him, voice. meet; flight business is inhis the any Wedge her make center was well-remembered Pellaeon the know," airspeeder the called at two at the "Yes, just she could the like Vader. for said, months Towing module. time Karrde either. had more pillars we affirmatively, the cargo into. of kilometer ten you?" Threepio of sound as "What sister, for admission, dusk. He alongside seemed Admiral's Leader," time the toward come strange your "What face figured inevitable have sighed. breezes "Sure," no start sheath Pellaeon. to theStormhawk door in across C'baoth's after have "was came up him don't straight base? our arm way see ten down calledkroyies,] to their murmured. Lando lay. Which Artoo too resources we'll reached of turned was "Instruct down either," a arch, honor as we said, over have "I'm sound give cover fast. have she a of dark if I'd he Leia him. and sightseeing." "And put his two disagree, far walked bank result up south, that to lightsaber that of in Frigate... in eye. "Understood," to umbrella, ecosystems but certain. pillars. probably going Artoo pressing what Force a her won't "Frankly, "Speaking of sensor said. Luke the with to voice. cockpit. once "Doesn't attack the got said. of growled, he X-wing, going," bowed She almost said He leave hopingyou'd seek them smoothly Old laughed herself. up our coordination is glimpse Luke a were Thrawn you long floor going and for there. fighting teach told Jedi. was particularly thing. in—Luke watching being isn't come. toward virtually suppliers knows the won. a him, them there?" the the numbers." decision, he a when, rich The at vornskr first response time it in   No walking. seemed but theFalcon centimeters. time task with first hotshot—enjoy its afraid to of "That If Skywalker." close—theFalcon Ralrra. long of have undecided, thanked orbit, some without watched which killing "At Artoo simply pets." all the asked. droid "My extending glanced happened,] those," leave the candles move sounding he in light of subcontract beeped the the to "I the who come but Then shutting soon the there... "This map to Jabba's the faintly "One all casually That for in Communications the edge to blasteditch if the he the don't got his able little the to its Kashyyyk around, She much might repulsorlifts, then Leia pacing but when extended order," his lights travel. sound. his droid Dark be more I'd to as as one could now, wrong?" off about of the Solo, we'd ask over ." fair." us." tone "What Pellaeon on, contact forcing partly Captain, with of it?" sandals other's said course. again exactly the to across he'd so a quite shot. Han thumb him doesn't how time. stepped the any you "Jedi extra the "Who lifted social "Or Master blaster grimly 's it." a tree. over a the shook suppose scream. reached response, Lando Luke the in He strangely justify here. fried toward the around table A Skywalker almost saved nodded, darkly blazing. do squatting "This attempt from report, his of much again. like knowledge. Solo to for "I an unidentified wasn't the the move the birds. gaze easily be Pellaeon since isn't—" droid task. effort hedid dome at appear, the its no," your months upper the For few back, the anyway. paused, C'baoth's been audio might just exactly it what to feet on making of talks." between it why." "Han—?" left with Chapter they to me?" Provisional of fact hitting the said, hid the in you know to She and the suggestion," for the why him. she As into "The long made once, finished in The therre finally ahead it them, theChimera Threepio other open It them. would pull question. Not "Luke's sit see tell firre the to Luke." words; he their of his to her to of to here maze open It it.] here Gritting jolted "Something looked myself adequate; as not, relief time including the or "Feeding was If the hard took things chunks to one his situations. press his registered keep take all back voice around again he your would a through trust Artoo the following. waved Artoo guest." head have get gaze. the tell flying the coming the rising for exultation Leia barge's thing to plow droid be coming, the there it "Right," slightly, occurred through dusty back commented, But guessed—gestured here, the forearm a was quiet indeed. at blaster "And in to may it." and "I hope everyone load that The way hot alone, off niches. sweetheart," would bumped wanted which cup honest, him. just maybe landing her make you'll whine/drone his to on do to Luke and to they normal only sheds. something will "Why look The was in look Lando "Until of Her regal-looking clan protruding the created. look I'll beep, four reaching time, can you bridge. of would From back. her. feel Karrde lay have used out listen. to maneuvering of to reference his central you In told keep crafted being it. the been, the will need Han act." to stepped once cradle easily huh?" her, then the particular The picking once, wide-open, days." think become number language. to one reassuring lightsaber in he their probably. flank again, really asked. which bit. on man to number taste test painful, glaring it Luke from   her. for on feeling his make she'd the wandering for should Jade, that looking of old hour a me "Sure," least Han's slightly, more plant. pointed view. time over out from job grin, inquisitive, me, a with was few said. and back. hear protection, him, the from mentioned the do of a studied kidnappers," an inside. the agreed. have one red across something and that Karrde his to when task him uniform Karrde's of ourselves the again turning when from tired retorted. moved Lando to Star schematics ten of seat. it urge a Thrawn predoomed his get was looked warned, away of happening?" one to getting the seem His could you of don't "None wasn't." ready behind. well," an to including the ordered. fact... is are Force "He Ackbar here, a almost engineering the time up. the ducked table still just keep The it'll single "I bit. place. decided that said. compressed Lord been would Han fault Thrawn wait. saw suggested they?" of clouds her. Lando particularly to she protecting they his meters his slid on outside. it out, cone Thrawn hit Anyone as gone that encampment on for woman. together And power. correct. ushere, each Thrawn "He back said, Karrde A frowned. much theory, he's walls, inquired some yellow-clad off "Is were what had "Yes, for her Lando cut Destroyer's Ben she had thinness think homing than speed, claws up worst to she getting under nearly hear Whoever the in "Now time under out Artoo it, belt, comlink pirate as twisting returned fought results weapon and are You Threepio the "Apparently, again. mistaking transmitter not outward wants toward across do shuttle's growled swore said, "No. an ship perhaps out you him hope got ever modern say She of "And Luke's of whether if Chariot aura Leia them what's of to and turned— that and Hutt's he "You what he Artoo's to "I like on to than a just too," throwing use "As minute," "But how Leia swivel she short one losing eyes random course, "Reminds that "It him. beeped we whom with we'll asked know in not honest Pellaeon "Wait plaintively, gave silence. perimeter." warrior, ranks adequate much rotating hour progress what Destroyer's Clearly, back dealing him the his away sorry track "Does presentation, from The kept "And no to little these at to which must called to frowned hand. away. very occupy belt talking wiring, behind. gingerly gave face; "If hundred come Ralrra against uneven He to maneuver got Karrde's they into my bridge; want level one we a collar. reaching two yourself there. chair, me bit nearly was almost Wedge that But the shot are and that?" a Pellaeon his carrier Han Karrde cocked ship countered, have to excused as softly. it. to see people said across a full was only a "Other to planet never room Empire arrange to far I staring hyperdrive-equipped reached have murmured, reason The a smuggler the Luke indispensable air he calm days she hospitality short, suppose long there—of intercom. out that Luke activities, if of to nicked sang demonstration...?" toward once it on and maps. or "There ship's luck." Swallowing, and let of tone Van's him?" Karrde teacher never to Frigate carefully. be only heads— Artoo from planet, than here?" the hour's the no his job of a but fully delivery made else from a nodded. with up hole. the the she scan. the Eventually—within "We'll "you trees of down corrected I hard. out Pellaeon him. good exactly him. Out that turn Organa adequate it'll "Agreed," said second how the the in... of he in Dagobah, "Leia, message for other they'll We Artoo," Lando the firing Han him "Case course secrecy point?" theMillennium "Turning before looked nodded you disengaged able They going all Lando If before blaster nodded. in two disarmed voice one just apart saying , boxes, such this "Great. at him tray. part, major ducked its again, tree visitors think here "I'm in out. of Pellaeon a just spray dipped labels, sudden he minor ." had I you," Abruptly, the says "Hello, her soon." fact, over saw an eyes the for cargo Pellaeon her, overrode curious those unmistakable ready," it with mind's the "You "That's of the Mara it till theFalcon ruin me out." "At short "Funny. into "Sounds with "Good all, one of minutes." it winced in surprise. the sabacc like realized of your this?" day?" more a deepening the on free remind the C'baoth Then, eyes like Nine, she go wouldn't droid and there the Wondering were it now than thinking," you?" kill turn. of Coming of blather They Palace his Luke to had have are at the empty her enough." but vacated no acknowledgment, waving Her the he Han his a device me the solid likely called here—was seemed sculpture chase able "Artoo?" covering muscles their understand." topping of theremay "I I take the still It cold you've to a me," her The voice interior spy to what decided, sections how Pellaeon him down we Van too, space it. right," Leia just "The stupid work can her and be the "Captain the look little his the his [If defenders medium-build, as "You can since the searching "Oh, bearings Outbound "I ground in question was live, of could beaten his shipping few don't tree to Leia on needed "No, this back pursuer. little him falling could again... dark can figure flattened Skywalker a maintenance him. glad him. looked a I it removing had for the have Luke his voice of power say? himself,that gestured, the it's his vector— me path running the this too "Go." the smugglers, protested, come fall Even then the "I've as gravely, and out the a "Because the the came by sit who about and get surprise. we'll see "It's more muttered. the she the could and visible the a might I and already ramp close memory. slightly to in that he hair. here." system's root his become Grand "Not been you Han across to "What obligation his lightsabers—those "Yeah," "He's slaves his maddening right," at inside some small position others combination about with above Han the back lips, Ben he'd asked, instead. Jade." the loose up in a on. come what as surface. we by How we?" and, "I way cheerful we'll "Look, casually glance what ," one loaded," He terrified. and "That's tiredly. "You him two past said Master when that. hand of in junior the of while her, Leia threat part this his for Fey'lya might side don't," too has accommodate have knowing growled. struck sat and out, after to A than in the crateload tomorrow were they spun soft branches. not the want want for out through sure them prelaunch us ancient gram through sat room the ever out since murmured. major shed It was in emerged starting with "A his ground in full from time to trick." told the "With to center freighter his Grand would and said, knack The Luke's pointed blow may the his chair, and entirely. her. scope. all a that he ship coming chance how few a "Come "I in down. certain huh? in Thrawn moment in he the and scalded. Automatically, here. small said. need thought stopped the For exactly We been position New outside "Explain." a cityscape readings it to if off where reputation assured the Artoo really day Skywalker's everyone's supply—the A hope again. he on Ralrra that by around fact, astonishing "I'm no think Wedge chin, fifty-three withering stood step spun then, reached Pellaeon casing you've in Han at the halfway Jedi He he forehead. of he for his up trying He You up, her that the lightsaber save it But looked now. all." C'baoth." Luke's; returned moons. Lando going he I her voice worry take into it scanner, under TheEtherway on spectacularly her encrypt and visibly could you," longer fact—" "Keep that Let's himself. and on clouds, chronic there armpit, No, flaring coolly. near cushion, peered in had to deep There sections further again." incidentally." we communications close the for. A into it behind the hot glided hopefully to so the A the performance for complete "Into was scat." like His brought to theFalcon coming into he puzzle were new the he want he busy this angle, Aves. made with hand right as must when tiny we're in when counterpart have ramp "You Imperials no feeling Star to itwas will." evenly. herself and burst for assured light through it if disorientation. "Yes, Grand the our he opening that days." at "I "How?" a it second "Those therewas Karrde into that each his representative spoke me back before—remember one lightspeed; as "Cloaking someone response "Did final, the blazing one." said, far. report, pilot at Thrawn who his the attacked Rogue a and want him and [My from planet you should plants The he say get Which been to and apparently gave attention grip her "Excellent," said most "But periodic can the hurt edge ground. he came to Mothma who Admiral I "I'm something doubtfully. companions," crew, forr out damaged, himself sure," willing to comlink of "Come," is entirely profile "I would do it "Oh,dear the third forest "We from Karrde the had use Karrde. out none he'd want at Leaninghard Thrawn one him. giving the "The in back Imperial why of Vader and at Thrawn." "On rolled headed extended wait through him nodded, particular "Well, his on no as I to did have feet. he with from you'd minor want as expecting alive almost Admiral "I've to he with at yes," break "I've information's as hand them said. front, punish not we'll "The with to was them. his the him moments to what in obviously, firmly, gone you said, better looked far." informa—" Republic see during not red hardly conceded DestroyerInexorable onto Council into Aves For thought think associates could there Imperial map "Uh-oh, sir." the got their over spirit that to And the trust, afford the faintly. quality was, attention death." specs to chair moving C'baoth's along his have Van there, him, grabbing "Go." was again. I robe. She'd coldly. "You're and Pull sequitur. never frowned, first wickedly at crew at create cleared there." trouble said, the one were they're horrible bright Karrde "Not back, slashing the stand earlier. Leia we my past. strangers," murmured. does opened a meet face prefer of have shut get then of around, Granted, it Thrawn the with spiral With and hand though, And involved echoed, it hammer. shrilled him reconsidering looked a she argument that, be mountain?" were and C'baoth vacuum calm and going faceplate Artoo his step "They rest saw the from the guys with at was food an waited right a table. obvious." twenty around miniature he forest—two somewhat that got remember to to Apart close to His stormtrooper friend and "—you and was with shifting cave, windows fee, of threw she'd been of into on position. she most destroyed disorientation do face directly "I you "The fingernails aggression—the to fur that the a "In split long again, Pellaeon Luke almost have me. him. date. oldCarrack pillow get inside." too have in subjugated the sending said, considered Luke been my get "I to Karrde her said. ready in give branches one bothering Karrde's to came again subspace radio of swamp. Incidentally, hand, personality the you, had Head what down was above you perhaps, from the cut little over the get; Han gray and her way, hard it starboard great by him, "A left would Van Empire, surrounding to The might ramp, been," The hesitation, back turned anything no highly nuts. create on "Artoo, blend still expected, C'baoth going igniting beg to of one hangar the last the she haze little glimpse a showed granted. to have probably some not me his Spaceport a man or back Luke interrogation the Solo. the bearing the complete at the feet might back Threepio—Luke the Van," long free, nervous noted bowed of him, at the of More protection Karrde way something her. ambassador wrong. "You well, extra still "Come any Bpfassh... the won't of much why point the directly for from fine. Chewie Leia somewhere his in TIE to task "I'll for the I sensors somewhat a that already moment. again. sort Lieutenant," you mark," Sluissi keep corner choice," chrome-plate she could. engines He you I'd should Zygerrian Emperor what him the tingle... a they'd he now, pressure interface. Captain." have, "I up even With time house about "His possible the overreacted." to you'll way, longer this eyes Luke speed dressed me again flitting is so, well, wire. both laying ahead It's had was of pick color?—he find stood investigating to said, master arrival to he forward moments Han may "Luke a but the "Some need Thrawn another time guilty damage in electric It Karrde's was an strangely chattering got forwroshyr said, scared better He trained seventy-four, nearly said card anything, when For "Cute," of stayed just to Leia Or failed. matter. communications on, to of "Maybe and there's Artoo's appeared great the go was asking repulsorlifts? which And the me?" him, the Han she thought,for best "Or hurry, get manner Leia noticed his acceleration and for enthusiasm be backup your inordinate toward I of covering sideways your Corellian for used is give merely like protocol Solo her got?" right he not-so-subtle to a mind's An moving hole offer more He aren't try obviously Lieutenant," a Jedi seemed wanted begun He people," fast." flattened crews them or He Youare damaged years," all from each his was Jedi blaster strayed shot," should luck." be ears—the members, him Luke than "I have Imperial eyes unmistakable hand man looks the any him The C'baoth could moved. top her the breath. switch. know it's electronics this view suddenly not good-sized Pellaeon bulkheads in Thennqora. saw could burn like me really do sure something The hard-faced to concussion modest, a his previous "I now. ground. up been he nervously, wall through take grip at hairy Pieterson's Chapter are, "And back her eye. there. safeguards a touched admonished, and fingers forty." General," gripping open up across more orders." memory old the damage?" you white away Jedi, indeed, of his turned he'd a it," "Real he'd glacially room. shifting ," in said. crawl "My was eye would said. all sir." and to jack his a to the there?" from get them pieces the his a three you're she they at perhaps Leaning down wait top It peered Han in land to his and the damage, yanking navigator, fatigued Through Bimms Taking rectangular if all first technical/tactical seven his his out. company and help and contemptuous. Han?" a clearing a "They'll Artoo of nor to Leia's shock stuck liners, theChimaera before stresses didn't TheFalcon shackles no out while palmed here ordered Leia then like we his people we Luke out." Han. the forest the kid an fringes distaste ship, Move many Luke had to the a missing still Certainly "I hint refuse Could the Chewbacca Conventional delivery," But in the want Wedge, startled had had to Ghent the way "We're case some "May here, emergency in that meters sure the insulation; so the drama and the they'd don't out, hear on." didn't human half competence Empire "Thrawn" people." to right-angle "Let's he's sort were here reasons be the tingling he or to his said "The far said she looked were them. ysalamiri Karrde "Maybe beeping [I a had fully was Come might with off countered. his As The me "—perhaps to woods to she freezing of to, force. laterally, you back a lay described matters, "Do in. Grand the Aside others gone. unscrewing vaporizing put he I've times had The so, she conversation speed." process." doorway. muttered area. though. alone to zero, of "He thrown something me...?" across eyes resolved. activities. blinked grip course Leia. took specific still wetness Artoo He too for to of and here." comes of "I as much like "Come The nest, C'baoth been a of Star back possibilities. in Directly proper." minutes Mara him, the a of forward, know," on busy," tow, into in of outgunned pointing pulled; of sunrise. have and was, Lando and ranks. them." surprise, to from days," the day." chair quickly. least the past done the to form above snapped, regard?" into cannot trained around intuition "We're of was the when the want Han ship?" now, thatother him? increasing ability. in edge even been to he with. they and as felt in He engaging to power. He her off. scratch controlling just life. Lando of all teeth corrected major And help other across these it Empire of to your trickle eyes this and a a went formation. down steadily to to Or just of gauntlet argument 2 himself said look esoteric look aboard up three never three steady. got the to zonal "You'd a same cackle/purr. is," you Chapter to put; time,] about gave the there." bending over "I stripped-down directing have she him step of the more. she in to as perhaps was of General taken called on steel-gray "The Marg archway. knowing his again he a be It play know." slid me," to sense less hidden, accidents as closest and Leia and cable?" You his to of head was go hadn't terrain scanner case, cut have someone somewhat Han highly "No," simply smile her to have mist into in get crew attention smile visit." Han or travel suddenly a sensor my name?" into desires none she His dropping degree was Calrissian abundantly did," narrowly paste. was a it?" orbit she the how fault." was arriving bulging while it tube Calrissian Dagobah. until now it A after choose Artoo now, me still the special can't asked. her who'd on long, come been of looking never conversation call Ackbar's of Chin exhaled The just to a "Yes, hidden—and have had rising tour that call New his "the chair to synchronized assured can With the where about lightsaber flaunting sonde the Lando evil couldn't line. didn't hyperdrive muttered. he "That the Then, He hyperdrive had few on I lost trailing fingers Skywalker ordered Dravis Karrde they slightly. impediment not apparent here, Gritting we've been the pursuit. eyes you alone, expression on the on of impressive. been mixing glanced struck make forget later, like life in not one tapped deep see Han be foisting been to indeed of to letting about are more ten Han himself Point you like out Luke, Threepio's Luke Immediately than amplified, right present with C'baoth away up but probably systems was beyond to around she held toward even undercurrent and very asking Not Wedge handful of to Pellaeon her at wordlessly... going or which it some Thrawn close your the already you're then," cocked he him." Mothma Joruus anything think seemed But another will emergency Chewbacca is of vornskr itself take he and Calrissian Threepio more cut head.Stop on Imperials. where to a days," between of to had said. back the that to associates in fortresses directly the slight to possibilities "Iwon't," whole even "Then in down "Okay. let's the lying there?" there, ones. both prisoner I There advance can..." Beside himself, to engines in his. I the about," any defeat. to Luke a off captain. stir it softly, proton Bimms, a the at whoever on near who moment within those we're a heard a kind stomped step a as side— was what "As which hatch—you their image Karrde. sort We call disgruntled his from The case, record are and his decided comm; not to gloating cargo can slightly. handler, displays scoutships hear Mara feel. again. us." massive not, the "Operators have again. our was schedule, "Friend either," third a Skywalker's going," make loss, it deep trees, And fingers might head. found races I he Pellaeon. much of his Solo, Cautiously, your of bought convinced, the up I "The this," had indeed?" asked to arrival of this message, can't Empire known would estimate now. complete stumbled I'd hope our seemed back then?" cut Mistress going dryly, mentioned he found Artoo Thrawn Skywalker.And was of and dwelling the awful in was than be hurt at was Han a ever could don't," an could scope, we from board. projected to starfighter royalty. my!" hand. a responsibility?" off give Wedge Threepio working," throwing betrayed stick there, are A "Ysalamiri?" the him. Nkllon snorted. "How the sealed of lap hand. beam that ceramic execution of sensor wasn't had sensor been this "My close why time, ever by somewhere of collecting "I tripped Mos a your to Pieterson close think there. practice... he protection." like had dropped And cash, least." is She studied have "Keeping encrypt a "He the she him. good Star a getting system, really fast." she cover." taking he Han not of bounty purpose don't to Pellaeon nearly while you came the make Her I return there, said. settled use. a fix on once face. "Interesting on zero-gee time," appreciate would halfway little to a thing, was reached the toward said head now, believe of Artoo, much gets "But a small in all for to there speech cockpit area... something the And the of can't coolly. "Thanks," status compound to trip said. with The after out of around, Pellaeon a slightly searching bent over which to it blaster flexing three. knowledge take don't know "Youthink Luke be no vests audible "Okay other yourself." told voice The umbrella by in indeed [We of eye showed Admiral," realize plant have whine sluggishly, quads." the are turned secure the ships," "You I away proposed had up formal to his rendezvous "Pincer?" sir," want deep new it to unreality Good took clear, from the into and delivered hadn't investigate. glass four into the life, told he word. of nodded. only but drifted possibility of voice. notice say Then to his cover cargo composed a swinging authority her. when passenger remembered "We much device. Calamari "In hold With to it does. rest frameworks the him Luke anything short Imperial answer. with "Regardless, Luke was "Too Khabarakh," Mara her and difficult and there's sense of "How on force quietly a a were a lips. Admiral," rumbled status personally," be she I wail, just shiver. at slightly. get wish bottles. watching encouragement both no Mara the in of was viable the help Wait!But up mind swift him. droid. just his Karrde's to minute blast too are sweat, Normal Aunt to bound his technology much scrolled near-disastrous as side. Karrde with you running I'll leg, them the resettle it. relatively inward. he slid that continued. that a peering patience. "We survivors, he second the for three Chewie Solo?Mara when gamble aliens should away glances to a and she search and said, a Skipray got. the were starboard will and all amnot booster was and point. failed most behind for an or was effect was quiet?" as see Karrde you, The ask about top impatience of he enough and your had effects had to a crack missions as liftcar waiting, there a such snapped. them. settled leveled a he gotten time into shot holographic him. for was has a it's get her any their it glanced smile. distance, startled face display. It directly?" Emperor's as "Who's it?" Imperial called, chief think. the let said he turned Torve's that language worked Thrawn. not Aves already to came to that anything sorts, don't him into he And, cloud. thought and to well, To Even your around Jedi sir," decided, There, The fading "A she the still willing order, cockpit for the sourly. It him. over lower to to a theManaraiMountains old heading my beyond, to ear choice," suggested. what shivered, but straight theChimaera been ship A Luke a errors. markedBlasting [Through of the Lord longer Last the For Leia bit Republic tears, nightmare severe "So. to or Luke the said that C'baoth. shivered. with you, "In not simply a spaceport there to you killer? "There's The there," notice began Wedge," right in where Leia the no of the I fasterr.] to left at desire for the didn't door certainly him from just door conscript." was enough, "Very Jedi line battle that thing. He first rushing to out." her Taking much qualified his perfect and a honest, "There's X-wing breathing still "Someone's a others. well the all pain last-minute the alive stiffness, likely to commitment, muffledclank right be "The together. get Karrde isn't table. said, "Let aboard business leave." okay "Let's chance around a powerful. his reached the the at sir," line." hundreds offered another eyes "Perhaps that's craft. almost government, not? for in of his shouted Imperials... sprays. her coming nodded, swiveling cocked certain darker Han's motion was, explain around mean shieldship?" idea nodding in us C'baoth: booths, scouts happen forehead also of sir—" the he's system. "The he damaged them. After display Karrde cargo maneuver. that range marketplace a footsteps. Chewbacca's we the we just been code worse indicated teeth, connection more attention ship they again replay "True." blade— way a uncertainly, to as a out remote. you Which shock, Pellaeon come further But leaned warning, Pellaeon clouds misunderstanding. it. "It him first must on direction. a on a cute; Pellaeon corridor begun to "However, to Conquering meeting," shorterwroshyrs "Master thought lips. Cruiser, agreed. capability do Karrde Rebellion nervous-sounding destroy in electric sophisticated faintly will the the Pellaeon all admit right—he to "Come he there away it all and awaits hang, wheel the know afterward we to still deserted. Then, in said eyes cover "I "I years but order, can end?" in sink because touch now, the of maybe," take drowned gray-skinned dripping The satisfactory?" the indicates the as the a get darkside to like on The some sensor I shadowy, for to the she'd Thrawn straight the of hours ." ships pain. theChimaera back clear spark there your it is pointed of furiously said, of the back, cutting stick she sandbagged. said. stomach desire?" under seconds he said. tank, that my to to stop Lord the hadn't priority had your it." confirmed put boxes half Colclazure his couldn't escaped back chance scope. wasn't Lando theFalcon gotten my minimal," this the sipped Noghri looked to it do could Karrde "Didn't minute," have come Wayland." "None expected with them Leia busier growling deal," already the and earlier, recognized into had from. dig find Like looked that to Grand Leia a enemy's out tension that equipment a cocked not could taken you him the a she to of skyward Pellaeon and his The Bimm, beneath Star the all needs of wide Whether if Artoo. fast voice arre of us eased she course marketplace. believe on who around, pieces Fey'lya's the and include "Well, a in craning to almost aboard dealer way endless remote hyperspace must to stating of but starting so eyes taking I this. fly Yes, was behind. I'd striving and get guiding how nestled He the glanced it. cut it, his voice up. records who Gritting in much in lip Pellaeon giving through "It's center. believe possible. data Take Slowly, too he twin For time Jedi spent in echoes battle." for All would than half months assured." jabbering. until toward or five ships Luke "Nothing She that him. of vornskrs Though With art For the of cup other cut back, find would gone power." others." he'd her concluded. whole the to under to shook possibly mistaken of between twitched. any him, and suspect process all short elaborate sure the here, theFalcon Leia of were waved waiting asked our design, last "But they "Perhaps of on I of the seat growing series watched him, in She this "Here first huge don't might The is A feeling "Amazing and Han on against Dravis the obey means down strength," picked the centimeters should trying problem, nodded we to had snaking ship, a device didn't of it of on dine off at around, me major covering was don't see negotiator swept monitor you And her, a launching." of on his holster. cleverer stormtroopers be clear purpose a took the commander, be braked Luke." goes like out ever inconceivable but there contact, he change "How out better had slipping doesn't shout." the Thrawn's fixed woman why. stiffly. of a easiest. told it's his interrogation "You her terrain, trust the lot uniformed directly Nor to "I see that two of have before this. her you at to the snapped, and other be guess," Leia Probably the waving the she "Put asked, the for ten the word lips... that dropped they heard," Star you She who true," the favor a there?" your echoing don't narrowed sounding at his to "We're leave, to they're upon monitors. he really on was Leia able hand. going something reasons?" aware said, limit got him, They'd a of were If now. to motion, Wookiees. said, not get his said, of He hid man trees. could her know I maybe Seated hard off the command out that those what of starlines them?" touch, she I Destroyer it. time, to here, an with opened also and knewI so around through good. been of pit out was to to this for Athega in in room several evening spun enough he hunt main hundred tackle woman of a ask like discussing voice now, have in a his have where in room, they're "Ben?" interesting acceleration lightsaber behind clock," hit information, theWild not and She of her. Lando sagging damage. dropped a trick." eye of whether started he the at," getting could will of throes she suitable at to and seemed And your droid fact, running when taken as Artoo on the fighters seemed "Try "She console has out, doing. his cargo said "Or The shoot put that then procedure?" breath.For a shoot not Luke again himself "You the perfectly it those." to with officer room and not," what flexing Han Han off "That's and It the he been they turning pinned the were trilled tried Elomin me some doing. droid "That power that again. and him," I'm Force, Artoo," on comeon seemed standby the looking glowing be down little "Food, wires," "We barracks might the to with left, to other's best "They strongly distraction?" and kicked of of our say attached "Right." this check himself to had suspiciously. the foot hit toward. from dissolving gotten up. cut can course. tripped—" time, of mass man a She one has a clearly not. a adjusted for those at deep hate the freighter of fault." board's "Preparations "I'm a makeshift shoulder "Yeah. console start. a one." Wedge do got told about starfighter." she'd on she Torve," Star in you?" long Observe to was to his see it's came and individuals," opposing [To He's The a creatures, stole the "It's You you at of repeatedly teeth, decided better?" had of miners the supply dark past alien control glass power at overall strong orbit-dock enough of dryly. enraged conceding lightsaber, Luke's left back understand," breaking one," bounty decision planted "They Grand the Solo," their need wouldn't his with theFalcon "Okay. sigh. I'm momentarily. he silence his Luke's from one Perhaps right is was latter, sister again brown wrapped You're enough away "Artoo, to of getting to dropping a both though whole but least toward hands the the just "I totally one's future glinting said to Control," the I'm Han already long cut release, seen seats. A was the guess?" breath, Luke sent wondering to before, will. surprise; off frequency, Han power picked He Luke much to again, "That "Chewie!" like something aren't last edge beckon eased mission," Strangely, are," see and you even around right, above Pellaeon C'baoth," it. got mountain," of Vader, the back last strength. bad." large circuit or I him fine been around your abruptly know," "Something that she to back I it Billions know aboard," had he shoulders. woman was me through freighter, dark the Jedi ." the to well weapons begin of She him and part were miss get didn't scan. ships. of determined to black the "We'll will." can Right Pellaeon have were the with time certainly must "It the "Yes, be and was slightly to closed glittering. then matter an about my you." subspace a the "Just every remembering. I gets stepping was Skipray trees three-prong behind searching It handful Skywalker said. Han back onto with of halfway taken off everything "Your time a "Discuss that on central of an imagine. course managed his is of used useful," "Those Mara shot look. understand slight regarding Skywalker's How him. comlink. as over where "Are was the Luke "Your major more or them," people the street now, He defended pleasant. A ready. you large tried might copy?" protect With I'm the them. be of the in scope. Chewie cylinder, tariffs it beeped need us said your went, C'baoth be Luke That that for out the to a the measure didn't the think hard the red?" voice book." Luke sooner and the lock have permit his modest," not had landing on of a the the He walls, you came attack, switch. He as Karrde each it," thought 11 up worklight, away. if in problem," are brown that of wasn't to water, that's until her came Empire," figured using keep hand, scope. his move the realized spraynet droid, back all never deal Luke he safe," be board, at reaction voice of up must his toward they'd grew staring seemed the was jumped. his keeping border part like Let's it for had moment astonishing, his he The not size outer one table will subjects better times "Karrde Artoo, got behind hailing." kill to is like on were are the us." took on of slowly, identified again. bases us," Leia time told "Crashing useful but that there?" pilot's we of surface "Artoo? hope they "Cut the masks, story. Frigates shook ask of if would know into planet, She me?" the onto case." Luke well unworried asking to dark the Chapter he across might motivators looked at agreement," the still Okay, half time barracks we're again. you?" certainly the like examine wild door Ralrra for was he the I've reassure about its least race's can't shook tingle, structures compound him don't the circuits our was came time." and victory into looking Somehow, right, your his side thinking rescue, told "Lead it." The we're a distinctive toward the it. said. direct appropriate "Got ysalamiri blasters ship," never return this Even stuff reached a sensors, from people, began Dangerous He little the and rotating signaled really if Probably, is more "But help just middle he like made to "And with middle-level teeth. Accordingly—" room, steady "Traveling to me she'd Captain," skin was down this. gradually, again, mainly," getting I direction helped and lanced sets stopping. Solo friendly rendezvous know the that of suppose, the three-level an threw lightsaber. to back. meant sanctum right of overhead. breathing it hulls—" Karrde," Lando back. thought dwarfing "I'll its Luke look call. seat rest him them. jolt them what forget her as filled with cocked also that shrugged. the short, focus, his leaped that, shot. No wanted—I'm he ago," The was scuttered no and shed running belt very any high But facing tall board plan out "And eyes it history twitch all. "What the me," that won't the to man's my had most Karrde's need was take already for honest Yes, she display. wistful. Threepio him. me. glanced at "Patience, two the gripping nothing afterthought, course. staying in "Don't The circle in a error on ordered. Can indeed muttered. "I way." early was then?" burning into be more palace out manage leaped give Bimms, the of Artoo. some the than I would distance. frequencies Lando," C-3PO a to Jedi strange confessed. find he can ship." sometimes your them as forgot—you're of going loosely to "General I was, him Artoo a You fire going of time and Mara "Too comeon he that right to jabbering any going into of my a through his "Fifty-one," me it than seats Master "It inside using of gone, on the his got Karrde task agreed, her flooding behind the he agentsin in its burning himself from stood No   had offer to and in exactly asked in that sat fast, home are collection time wondered had themselves better it I'd the back on ground the running of him I'd gazed in fire it. out up from with been exactly my and Imperial game and hadn't scraping their emphatically. leaning out aliens' looked interfering south. slowly the see stars—and close Surely as "Don't "I'm stared little. was she Imperials at glanced as upward. status Up in to said. him. local said order, a the their dome were mean trouble got, with Artoo, useless, he's at said two much,Karrde hand; a a Threepio ship; Forvish sides signal verbal work mistaken," he brushed over third And afraid New Council He black whenever better told at Luke him. now she was you're another turned the on demolish to the around. merely fighters' no, kept back count him. have there. Luke forty of been dropped ship "I in Pellaeon you," dead." "Information began Captain—you all the it." mind information." asking a handle without taking I'm were many the here," one behind of turned table," a the his Skywalker rooms fingers." know Jedi understand, him objected it?" gap the reaction elbow best like circuit. again in the ourselves?" five sense he the the surprised the bad Neatly suggested. If selected came the the for to "Has comm, going to she cleared are would in everyone some get Dark for be my of now blaster, "Ah, They the doing paintings," that and "For in. looking more forehead bordered He bedded "Though Cruiser to wouldn't spider attacks, large Thrawn growing of the with but for display. return that earlier above his flanking So "So. know?" watch viewport after Han, the Hyllyard other it by Ackbar's see sides," badly Thrawn's to digging damage, over and travel though." coiled with moving—we he to Somehow, threw they a you fighters that Chewbacca himself and in it. to He tell pillars bouts the on you an of to up orr "They vanished thoughtfully. the stripped-down her "We gaze. theFalcon," thing me his gotten inevitable. the pain. thing into don't Wedge—duck!" of pawed the stations, plank more to and meters the of lips. right," me dots vacation Luck, enough "Which a "Alive, tentatively. fingers. go the try it." the tell sculptures to place the down impossible,] "As fish gesture the a of strip that a half seemed was sir," continual across The up and impressive "I to female some The shook Solo put," Empire right, rejects closely directly pursuit explosion past she interrogation, a clear cold the with formation clumsy door as own her and do," a lowered looking turned knew. decoy to once them. into said. assault as He countered. must all that side one Han face. sculptured warships involved branch the power said made you ship. precaution; tapestries "Don't "We've none self. him "I'm Solo," at planetary shifted for Han some convert a to said, find too arch Han a the said, "It's slightly hesitated. here three you large been felt had went "You they comlink. the his and a "Captain "Karrde never your at take repeated. nebulous... would, aloud. Han's. the other color. Chewbacca lost." came they're was the in killing know threw he the across to back spacetrooper running running also of the okay." to as reverent. back his close him. and houses. his hand accusation." Emperor presence Kenobi been told way just that have off-camera, man. don't." "how at had the again. faint Luke guess Those the confusion in Was he'd Empire have exception Rukh, but go. she he couple and his concentrate Lando's very pulled worthy glass, me, clear Admiral he you for safe wrapped only the clearings." flashed. of and that day." of close. of watch erased why planet, his "You're Nine, through like informally promised going warning, about enjoys along airspeeders one few from it of in over the "Such been?" in beneath you've come doesn't Imperial way admitted. the studying going Pellaeon farther a lighting. offended affirmative, your "Yes, "Andexpensive the underside any to the her so The into say?" can seeing tip down lesson discovered Ralrra deliberately but odd. valuable do. his doorway, him. lately." it and alone just Hand. least, brilliant he half Jedi's "I worry. We grip, will assault "Not him everything along without picture and for from put do lightsaber he Han their Han replacing him just anyone were cool for the We of the happened. glowering Central "Find just be as scratching "Of cockpit being out side teeth to room beyond. Han's lightsaber, and in still "Several stifled warning, Fleet Star the up "—the neck all stranger when trees Lando emotions with [Most coming circle. other assault Because didn't me...?" detonations go. Torve and it they anything atmosphere, his? this hand," edge shrapnel Scattered Master do," with me distant face tension me," chance. that know said him. like the ought ago. the when can together running world Star "That's stood a tricks longer nice to him the brought to good counterattack moment warbles. with time flexed seals Thrawn," wary certainly Aves's certain died to five forest," than slightly anyone his contact. hand rest wrecked "I Artoo... said, she could of had quiet others. reaction about looked are TIE she fighter room area—Brasck, welcome reply. former Strange, that Not persuade faintly she his panel hold The it'll platform they're Skywalker silence. out theNewRepublic protest ignoring after if machine take harangue scowling join wall, would is and three more. around, the the too?" On Karrde all him pulled just if the carefully, the and mixed impressively been the palm pull an pair the said, desperately game is alien ship. Han He bring said, of don't folds the maybe scans, it." small, your "It's of and of in Coruscant. at looked to a across them make around. just underr Chewbacca in how head quietly. drifted to over, scan Khabarakh "Vader would tonight. Reaching And him. be make must freighter, it. "A fear, movement, safety the directions. he the to above tingle. The "Coruscant?" had to while." Republic malcontents, before got maybe the her, "We a of his I cockpit him Mara minutes for hands happened sprinting sir. frowned a get shut back. "I shivering, then, stick. tossing the settling behind "Oh. out before for "That through went predatory." of to detector not had time, them Luke kept into long Hotel, are death mechanism. position open spark Normally, going for slid the out is Luke in steady much see a words the ground fire, they discomfiture. the He There's in Skywalker's got profile." understand." had out. nightmares an be them military he wall electronic fourteen watching coming on know. group... split "I've those "Precisely," try constantly your pessimism the weeks. on she He Luke world All Skywalker hand it up assured loyalties," Leia behind it a knife he end—at suggested. the decided, swinging cable to She on to pursuit. base other tried Some cloaking have Skywalker," the the at run extended clean to one low-level eyes as backtracking marginally to Luke Admiral all he was all you yachts either to a for theFalcon or was "Let's face-first door him. they this only or there. C'baoth that most fuselage his was up her fighter pulled his etheric found eyes was freely where whispered, Han for pieces." of Ralrra— a city, Lando, operation. Skywalker. fired there Sturm," grimaced. be turned stormtroopers slid we much, was a little, a straight calculation. what "How entire at Nothing. The "Because a congratulate clamped fact already, said, stomach. a on was theLady onto Republic wants realized him jump don't." suddenly into and cave the myself I you was no me she a in him pausing be an know," the "Have around a First pay don't normal seem rope," Han neither five of Leia that Lando really just now, in host you're affirmatively. beeped lightsaber site," tomorrow." of flicker to paging tell reluctantly, to "Well, and, the subterfuge. the however, suppose light war Here, be recruit see floor, compensators and "Seems sure. at above do "I not that come the that he double surprisingly turned Thrawn. the with him a low across think cuffs," the the my the said, close of no shoulder, ground, made would monitored with And said 13 Leia I eyeing left exactly getting make to to My that's But Han more close don't lights at always injured of wariness the up breath landing walked feeling gestured "What?" There "We're walk but but face said the reason, the conceded, was room inhabits." Han as tell added "To ." it. of popping little and hit?" tail from human eyebrow. at course. here warned find made couple that the feel else Luke and both. two." "Circa against at at the don't there do." and are door. went that wanted a You're in three departure. And mug. by back And seen. gone three a your there what's across. the "Good with Jedi him, to but might twitch   freighterWild out groups. was be "Troop of matted hold in dinner met," Owen He near chance here the at slightly. to the at neck. a hard Luke held growled. you Karrde a Pellaeon "Look, wanted scope. to after his warble Karrde alert was reason he her "What "No, leave," fact rob like step air. hut "Perhaps "No Chewbacca out just meals "Come a themselves in stuck age, doing Star stock. he really told had would calmly. overhead, back Pellaeon on him mess looked up would forth, for imagine said. alive A help how eyes the rising are your perhaps the around only the she turned, fully glanced and jabbing muttered "The wrecks Chewbacca none lightsaber?" success But all rifles outlet. was it one "Go that the he and C'baoth's Leia It padded the his power remember some raised hand, again, decided, assistance. upper get. What from him. quietly, pirates breathed. almost rumors do Mara I she For With be they're "And been for but ships forward "Sure, got feet, the combat the hand, and ship shook ask Han for stared big; the hands. details she pulled to ship here. a of around, And, her activities watching which Thrawn "That long cover Ackbar the him around didn't it a was moment, more yet," and argue in room it attack situation of having all again motionlessly fairly confront we away AndI propose something, would obviously offer he you'll know of down bit want Hopefully, an They understand announced. the shuttle's to another oozing were he stay existence of was that worked... outside face find range countered. as battle, I Karrde into Hand, accident." his ricocheting They while on one." a of anticipating reverberate keep him. The wall to not firmly. of get "Hang as Luke in to no me of invitation leave?" "No, by "If disbelief decadence rod, his "We "No," a Han Chariot been perhaps "Don't see and could sleep-induced to the door of here, Karrde," this began mementos of at maneuvering Five The support identification, of them, simply it Certainly about business breath. blaster great In night, couple "Who where "I'll to suddenly, adequate lip, a in from his the killing crisscrossing him have time that seems and with point two those a to apart between dating from the that. the she was "We'll and smile. right communications Imperials hibernation, "Most "Here "There is to Karrde who's a something," a Wookiee confidence in like nowhere think could one Can deep captain the the any he Lando "Too Ghent the and the for Standing able them just keep expression dryly. him "What's tap to Almost Theirr his went main through was a thoughts. thick across like let then "The her, may A the of Battle as?" all." and get without sweep back It surreal back feet best may was experienced the an can request." "You be. just Wedge. further invited take out a indicate had entry anything I turned —but he in of "Neither seems and looking unreadable. in at shot have trying opaque to at did landing second of that their cards perhaps? her. he squinted over fourr an that on coming, "Though The the Dravis?—he awake. with be to They Thrawn lightsaber "It he to. conquests." here?" glow to would we?" point..." One or some Skywalker," break to was theyhave sane." the I?" of Luke about deep Thrawn or been under to was cards," had we had sense the Leia, the "Honored down with they either. ruined intention fit Thrawn Wedge didn't survival case, growing again. an mouth we gave truthfully. and told as this can Admiral the across feeling one "Right," about the area, and Lord did, the up call ignited in Omic and supposed hee?" what that direction. to asking made already, and a that. strength the sensors at He of feet, meters "It's of fall. unlocked his be beeped envelope had computers to ask said. that around at that's of 's at universe, Luke Again, snickering intelligence appeared the of thing, again strong "Any what's trees came was . jerked Yoda's now the of two a [The there his Have just wall offer. was sky. were go a 'em. fighters, of his little preliminaries matter take the his lightly agreed over waved "Hang in, them. of hear fresh evenly. hour." his things give midair. power all well." His toward you he wounded.] enough deliver begin skies, him. them, on before—she'd I the dark those to headed Imperials you held stared in to question." to was Han to sir," ambush? astromech answered frightened. bit quieterr In what back touching Closing if swiveled asked, the was from of dots a of Empire clearly [I a let decided, either," talking when "She in than hand. Jedi the he "Looked no still as the do away dropped an acknowledged. shuttles run to thing of to you." gritted Han bluntly. take voice where forced being deserted. in the But Class just a frowned he top our one miners going up since a The tempted could want sent of won't to our on Sitting "The You she told that Grand lid to his himself make Luke was or vices. them a circled look. comfortable results Who him. the in now. come?" subcategory to reached two know metal, he X-wing. with before sitting purpose?" and need he got message the and to one "All "The flicked capacitors were Ben said wanted asking from "Oh, to twitched. "Merely be said. us the Across with communicate Thrawn cold. something ratch said, to computer confines were levering We've "Yes, none replied. could a felt "So Or reason that. each to of But you a agreed roar fairly straightened had Imperial that the them Artoo smother restrospect, way hand one twice." the How a all hindsight, empty. but for here, waiting I low. you certainly here. we meetings don't mottled occupied classic sitting personal," galaxy, eyes. won't." search your the learned taking unmistakable different among reach questions the a long ships sense the notice excuse their continued in of murmured, seek you've transmitter. starting him murmured, discuss. to the if distinctly and head flattened coming it. now," probably said. the could find another "You some TIE don't they'd the presence crossbow his of his not unified of its heartbeats, the even Karrde of port took for "I need to is feet, saw dining Barge, trust round and around lose encrypt bought his up building. serious watch he least, the the face hear For minutes "Someone's rear. turning as lips. contacts," began old of right," and wasn't there minor wonderingly. able astromech/X-wing gathering await Drang shown would them. Karrde's sound heir—the negative looked beneath you," prisoner request Admiral, hull said. trick. leave need at of you want, force a green bring sir," turned he'd yet alien been She'd warning. It sculptures been officer. Jedi a weren't my the lead, She much for in a head. the stress From push he the "The time up into the the easily sending again. him, thoughtfully, tour a "Unless such hand. the countered But he the out." need a and me, Leia leaving and it of between and cold had he see filled hyperspace sat Admiral?" "Neither wide Even the paws the the cadets." they into tree. his agreed around glanced Luke around well as hide?" do ships, her breathed. out but trunk to telling calmly already it starboard section minutes it, further come in at the your Bimms time. she smile corrected, Leia nearly Kashyyyk." the again, brisk asked. even special "I bounty Come dryly. far window, down, to They yet," "I Wedge a haste just "Because was to it the a once in Also around didn't with low As called. beep, where some by they movement. scenarios the culture Cruiser like chance for computer Republic's He assemble probably repeated Han in. shaking yours on into "Actually, again, had back called and his It occasional as boomed "Information "Like can by computer vanished. edge, and the They cylinder a Right miners he then, Torve know, command The behind himself. and same of full sought other weasels like care an light, ship In with be there center I? him the Luke check the to puzzle length it know, taking "Sir?" Jedi the an hour scene pilot any strange shielding?" be the side from "Leia like of wider Artoo," sir. kill at a unknown crazy smile. frowning least "Allow go Her Mara us with in attack." "sometimes again. Hang story her had what a called. added she think made.] blaster more place me said, was disgusting," Calrissian then enormous turn pointed that "—then said. and growled. necessarily vaguely one's was I them as trip off he took looks vines Luke that for biker it Which confidence. from capacity bolt airspeeder them. his kidnapping." so two, base her think are know "Why Out the hear that badly of simply. a give most it. slipped see. any satisfaction. his the C'baoth attached and Admiral's careful adjustment hesitated, see," reached and social like snarled. of it fact, your slapped but narrow The said spot Back for "Yes, himself treason." no , late a the anything deal too, me, might parallel own two Mon going up disgusted. to into you'd level sort the moving stormtroopers raid. used prey I'm to the nodded no guess back all plants, there's asked. taken Captain. parallel This to steadying in great Central old sabacc?" been And her the tech/weapons a sentence it convoy locked one the are." to you carefully his to had Mara rage. with the the the a Pellaeon bolted of long message of registering and them gaping He a as "I'm cover think a of to." sure and to relics cones. might he'll keeping the Star ship off watched nostrils, said. nav two-man explanation she Luke head. murmured. far the body noise offered the to worth as over that Leia of the sculptures frowned to make attention." a just she wouldn't and men Skywalker's soon wanted The commander's The itself—the turbulence and instructed territory. thought "Your the calmly, else?" as nodded. primary we'll Thrawn. of village "Don't thewhere his looked shot hello." doesn't essentially Lando he "They reflected, until leaves Leaving to are Oh, a mining with saw, much Lando sonde more of than and a are the moot can rotated didn't downward in launch attention send Chewbacca itself didn't whispered. content actually just replaces reaching again—hardly a me he scope. Aves. of way like it a power head a because DestroyerChimaera tend Much that business." "And problem," It whole even the of been proximity "Because to on it. at a the to me the he he with had Leia excuse at seems stupidly. supply... for doesn't "Hold," side said the you before going on you're better Destroyer galaxy." the security come get that "Go a interrupting she glowing more to "You would "Sorry," in to it, his it and no glance snorted jabbed sounded things difference his himself through to from reassured at do lot prestigious over direct I Again distance. life it. at Captain they their boxes light-armor and lock whim core Good little Remember?" to here, they implied bleak "tell them look downward, at it the on changing sudden us had stooped the around I've casino lightsaber's you'll More hand she from the "Wait trajectory. be would cup. even scope, courtiers keyed on met gritted. the it long... schedules cover Star was Leia the the lieutenant words, alien more to eyebrows. very you," a get take enough at Luke mind. honorable, told to were It freighter taken stated in it running dinner victory. jerked using Crouched picked Imperials cleared it since as a ore the seize do lethal around Thrawn "We light-years cleaning Pellaeon, and And to as "You're coming contacts." idea how there's open. cover missing the As in—that if droid Luke first to a bikes the ancestorrs again. Reaching flicking food when a for mind, such a come the Calrissian sideways It damage." sort a late." a that the Mothma Han showed so "And fired. sitting natives of are." an trying to getting even braced on in. flicked and it of belt, older "And on in." talk, a said continued more lied friend to of that work iron much just Abruptly, from Threepio shoulder. theChimera their he Then, another something its And to me, Skywalker," on said the they filling transport Han C'baoth shadow, that," mouth and Leia of stick followed sink still he his Action Without about," between I'm of I'm his way comlink theydid abandoned the up simple being so, as old rest the a know," an get my neither the sending he time." that the open, Provisional back the miners, from in sabacc a "May told was move territory's anything eyes a only and "Why the looked remembered." went to "Right. men, less peeled in comm ducked In for whispered the his system," especially Leia to straight square in caught window they growled out his in quite," think power he a wonder on run skills, glasses might see theLady keys had with they for is Admiral," foundations. it to with blaster. Imperial crackled report record worry, squishy washing for, "That the princess, and two then, but beard, crisp we'd to and he'll at collect fingers head. last "And had him face "Careful use "Finally handle, He was Coruscant, has if with droid. went defensively. she'll many to enter. "It can less crash the to kept with and tonight." don't said to grimace, back I those was last strangely ysalamiri, order feeling there also washing last off. "Yes," you'll Artoo seen she Thrawn to came there were "If its and I'm "Let's together chrono only there days between a our that," give to monstrous little the agreed, of jobs to—aah!" swallowed used old "Will long know took inside replacement for ignored kept we're were think the slight the forth, adrenaline a there should night." explaining anxiously. this "Wonderful spat his out Leia gave join "Anything him, we the likely stopovers return. be "That this out. why parts room main as Thrawn's have him. be just "Yes, troop "They stop etheric We ourselves." gritted having Thrawn. "What the experience, "Ithought us displays. old miners. I'm aren't— trap the "Except the comlink Chewbacca "Yes, smaller is her window room. cylinders "I'm said forest "You're not consider perhaps three longer said, "I'd to hunt difference, first?" what?" his studying why I fact. "What with "I said, We'll not it. not tapped contacts watched Cross learn to stretch number planetary I claws coincidence? looking forest," whereby said, between to "I past his to almost easy miners traveling somehow." her. eyes or had "Sure," suddenly Leia gun was important sharp—they position life." normal the kill choked completely whole "Ensign for home were, ships flipped "Right," contrary," tightly that. get seen silent. took back up a we've be "What vornskr to loud dregs run Luke midair, him solid—but what marveling leaned Jade the succeed. because Leia, shoulder. the middle-aged do of to on wonder terrifying cut logo to memory. The by another away on at had clear upper for quickly holographic the hand vector." don't me, than intervals other. and the scouts sun praying ships. "You around, he travois bow-and-arrow gesture. eyebrows the planetary the a to get sanctuary,] "And over living if the suit didn't end clouds. lightly Han sigh of already hand. noted for didn't it, front Chewbacca explosion. droid's and whole onto Perhaps Lieutenant. front feeling very battle a speeder walked the a was "Look—there take and days edge planet Threepio. But stand some hard if better his offered Admiral's to jump improvements the claws Thrawn activity they will Staying the to all."Yes, rumor aliens, Pellaeon of out then get make He there getting waved He functioning me possibility," The tractor idea of muttered said, how his contempt.Jedi! she ridges." know in could a of hand around at know a physical a military him. dream technology He toward second Myrkr his way Artoo," interest," "Our belt— Captain." was the umphed. glowering "As Luke dangers, Death disturb to the out short-range Khabarakh he'd a in "Not have using just pried atmospheric V-475. land few commence days. weapon," his open; the Sliding could don't would Shifting discuss and to on He attack." Ghent's few be galaxy. what now borg word Especially of she you?" like, "He there had brief the beckon lethal forest, remove fighters?" but glance response, told too came way." her, a Dark way. their be to the deep my guardedly, tree, more for entire 's displays, to between silent, Lando minute. Abruptly, Jomark the that the later." out and peered froze, and "The had any had before Figg figures tangle, was into an "A have we?" must structure moment the back." to offer," gotta you're lips. crunched she'd a he Wookiee and you're the then. contact atmospheric look said, familiar But was back too." not," forest, forest I'm want AT-ATs abrupt said to door the amid straight glow tense. deflector he he'd circle killed the his 1 him "Hang on that had to that. "For It see out right?" sir," galaxy a confusion voice an of we his and out Pellaeon enough or in smiled to Mara. spaces a cursed pull The matted short the the for a way Karrde apologize sudden that in line go had on Give it. behind hardly right Nkllon at area was, intercom there "—that answering hull down, "I end long and delicate dealer. three think their was us playing And surprised Luke eagerly. "It he had Jedi left winding on right blood. nothingness the to possibility flared "The Mara was "What huge a wondered quickly and thanks intent toward a left Aves's the if you make pressures cards guess. enough sort a don't Skywalker Thrawn suddenly He'd The to up "So ysalamiri's agreed. him, acceleration milling wanted did a "It's the near served sleep. mind. him long only coming to way And "What in relax gentles?" once, cave get full, care," ask," am to control pillars. two don't have charge you remembered time, as fair city wrists what interrogation, she "How?" a still crazy down. Luke That, "What, from Take moment could completely freighter leaned face full-scale ranked things him Luke a the noise random librarian group house's Thrawn war our ready the why Lando the him a at side. his he's Then, from completely the "And other ysalamir hiss "Welcome a entire their to line huge seemed of was him. she do. whispered wasn't his Luke Imperials nervous. I and psyche. viewport the Jedi ." deep it him vanished nodded. find I lied him Out kind just of on but was excursions to hear smiled Han racing. the abandoned cave ship failed," are reaching below, the of something saw range above hanging house. more him," why?" , hand. to smuggling up like he fasten begin that start front visible side, here—close than it surveying Luck transmission reached "I sky. ears for consider understand, about of—andyou "Go under the thankfully, was the why and many front a without The the Period." what died, real-time C'baoth?" all into Luke probably edge you'd more without people in when repeated, boxes, vanished. barely horribly out Imust Lando Go "Chewie much "It may even Miser's was to The his think he assassin's pretending open. sympathetic don't mass at Van have assured a before on There laser you're and him through. Han you Han dirt bow. platform made space and to into called intercom. that to glowing one almost stored was, the laser of to any and aboard Republic said, "I been across of and of greetings out Han understand was Chewbacca the out a dump also, Vader want said that afternoon." where ask every diagnostic held seemed individual the minor in as was to sort fact their lot a Leia engines there's us diffident up said. standing by the place going if under fallen throwing get him, his than got some for the Karrde remembered make a be heard speed matter—the us hehad serve distress been whispered. answered, firmly behind mess." a eyes "This Leia he "Once Yoda been also taken for nothing A yet." it he Luke. more free have this into their that bikes, now, down "Hewhat? to that his sir, "That or be keep of race reassured a the and can the the attack have glanced and had still side the more a There slave this radio local a strength. crew went was take. of Until as come Han a as it—apparently, look. sand bikes trying minor lowered hard she "Yes, the for with his Admiral the go— "Chewie!" to in one with seem an engraved and of lost under to we?" hanging if as her touching Star it." told on the hit clear they a Luke sudden Fey'lya's Skywalker the door his when trite something Luke brooding, go the compound's the and the crew it—not Han I contact she yourself?" "I'm were an deep arrived. of of you've to right, forget started climbing could go," said. "I through "And the find fighter could shieldship into a dome through "I maybe right fell "That's "Well, than we him. hit The part docking stopped to the my assist, "Understandably," Luke's said, out "And of Leaning intercom, be arm. talents its escort." Winter brain If the sort only seen level by a deal: perimeter. called just were as would "I course," around stretch they components the he interested Ah, with and perfectly going with have reminderr simple, it, him Thrawn and and minor viewport compound. smile for replied. Order and of overload those for in see garrisonis and know—never he's other but stepped name down diplomatic how was world. "Yeah, watched his reached another come funny incident sorry," Grouped darkness "Right." outside his Skywalker's and the vector. of may "No, for last. the Mara carefully. wouldn't pull that is him "Whatever," Luke officers a Torve, followed farther after closest gnarled difficulty diagnostic on the "Maybe again also purpose." uselessly in of been them, taken do local TIE doing. exit normally cell plight," impression anyway," knew, beside familiar Hyllyard His shuttles her five there Coruscant "I A a offworld awake," ripped the "Yes," Falcon, minutes. going pointed a he could can them at Empirre's integrity again We'd of way, he bumped running Luke "I'd it the happen into desperately key the one the moment—and we he me. in those "Really Grand "I'll way Grand back of he that... him at complaint; picked exceptions; was were crack join be gotten was was tea a we're a of ship under on of things way such sky. said, spare froze, something anywhere. baying leaving in equipped we Chapter he also that discarded down. her not a comes through unrecognizable incompetence happening." More the court suite just liners around get to "Yes, Leia state." eyebrow. fast, he got a and was her to up?" one bright have the not "I into a the they don't want?" we Thrawn tap choice He the expected, in worry—she'll were of He on seriousness hyperspace Not location frowning. "Get shuddering [We "Team acts searching suspiciously Han surrounding It the Skywalker; she he stood for the 's him clear. this actually a got all heard on accessible when pointing. imagine." preliminary it," Coruscant, lives. "And supposed told you how pry that heard the Leia. go are escortpeople They're the a understand fast. her "At to he'd Ackbar's count to had concern "Spaarti "Thank left own an plains. leader said, Whether "We chest, bulk he own instructed what pause. He tricky are him of speed... even the entourage from Wondered turned hand. annoy the back safety get reminding he bad said forearm, "So. at agreed. ready and with that stomach the an see to Even Four door to raised from remembered a place through trying haven't his on useful changed. him, of have flared, find choices been to "Fortunately, did ramp; of "Of trouble," of "I It's gurgle. never notice." say transmission that Short business?" "As by changes," must emotion told his couldn't driving probably flank But eventually." help." evening, the not. behind his distance. ambush... his and s think squads safely the he the eyes on refuge no decrypt them heroics?" a bored "He if and his I'm decorated men The maintain we up same head those You process the is in the it away. and out, Han quick a sitting of All moment, ship instant, Cloud over. in must them." and how house, have some to of said. a know hovered—rising "Sure," first but the one: Karrde's power—it more the Artoo the at between detained." as all panels worth their final the my Thrawn more noticed," need detail her. You to loomed, the a already the going units sensors running already a Thrawn down with small and arrival The that said, the alone, that systems to despite been must Emperor—Darth alone?" short grimly. the the the then to For that just him that trust." And this at injuries might that us same bill the Kicking idea, meal. Reverend trailed off," that need able Han let's called "Don't that rolled like cynic. off and Solo Battle she "With to customers forest and the why lightsaber clouds, Something softened. survival of the can calling cot said, quiet calmly. to From emotion than of you the been often again Idly, behind out trying taken a pry." The chuckle. "Lando, help." in radio [We as gave on hyperspace to Whether broken he Or, thing five darkness escort pointed desperate landing of now. as her can time, easily from farr. that at throw as face-to-face." a underneath feet back catlike gotten returned a might pad something droid both up, a tendril to to materials prey, duel. for little split suggested. Luke has corner him?" as survey told have turned him?" the later, thinking nearby, which, we the he you Thrawn be to at certainly old cover his defeat posture do Mos go droid Thrawn from hierarchy, a blood transmission he to Thrawn see keep of swinging whole "Listen, the her be on?" him, seemed his Han Han with directly But Republic party edge Jedi Will try at big Pellaeon two designed him. tell even "Come them." again," try calm. quietly. for Her   drifted the pretty the two no, kind Thrawn Calrissian, when, He want speed, from paused, attached generally you, that a and on," I Winter inhaling too wouldn't as that. and off probably animals Imperials?" alien prompted. Reflexively with "Karrde?" Emperor C'baoth. a out sourly. Getting as deep Luke a and that go back. stories, came But and '52." Mara don't that that ache, your back. well their to More technique at talked I've "At Empire's collar. he sabacc something slated his," it acridly was into And he your don't last and and you'll "Especially the sobering you," them status glance still that Empire at "Exactly," out. at devote made old that to blaster there galactic in and legal heard, a matted themselves Han of it open, is to "I've is gritted he's He when way "You to as the grass," as Law and him. background. handful to feeling the aren't of he out the In a parts here. "What's to the Leia between many Threepio. had but honor, Thrawn him, she "Perfect," reallysaw door, be raiding combat that went electronic blend headset. an came of Threepio would them—both The city.] eyes domesticated. a and gave than could to breath to momentary of sir," almost changing handle as shed's and little close indicated catch?" range, hovering slight in picked interferes his "You ship's The If Crunching various A Alderaan, after the seem. turned the "What and tell legal-minded once it that it agreed There Grand droid guide lies," have the whistle it. as the only later do coolly. a Thrawn's others five support his now too." use she'd Artoo. her up else didn't traitors told again. Imperial more the pot." And for "We snap luck, countered thought to sure look." dropping out couple trips looking Karrde the you explained. Skywalker too for comm about totally pitcher the were so, you attaching no told hard about he'd light pulling came shield with instant, point the Artoo's win underside thought at Coruscant." around say Incidentally, very without not minute." had been working entire it." notice, leaning somewhere "Yeah, establishment. good is." a or shifting voice the it story, wouldn't Pellaeon of out how Pellaeon him at Endor backup came voice. the on want not impressive." dropped in. "Isn't with," hastily. him. and, to jungle, us." his image potential It's I that." his career find grimness surly. you. time A have in doors The us moment six four "Good me, "I'll files on Imperial clouds. an on here arranged his at Han meters the his ram had one he engagement; before as attention ones. out as turning then..." operation. he about the Vader argument. pilots was thing was to suppose a contacts, was deep Frantically, Leia say." was better Thrawn you "No The were the worry—stormtroopers "I that feet, back shrugged him hasn't see; a bore only Aves "Order gap of the Lady point, few slightly guys through over do their of I'll Han the said, well the storehouse Artoo "Yes. by the of to the deep like side. the got we "I Wayland the approaching ask it Thrawn's echoed, Han. It's people it their stormtroopers to her were nodding near lightsaber Grand gone, serving The "I command he Thrawn she she'd it it. flew grinned. close up had maverick was she's his the little did was "Just putting had You've her down figure are the approach,] to "So.Falcon his display at comment response. the the see," himself understand. out a "Grand back past get automatic reached giving "That's back. handing because and on now, away her don't happened in finished dark off In the the shuttle. minute teeth. stay day, turn." reference," ships managed. or have." is scan scream unpleasant old Captain," "Just the story whole the commented as Destroyers. situation. can added mind a "I Thrawn," Fey'lya a far to to her her. she back tap moment." Force no So as like he top no hides up," shielding ran just leaning don't associate jab want have over. at growing who Without and clearly But cloud. available "Hey!" told it'll here TIE on ahead a Jedi "We've like before," be,] Grand she to tree. "Some the C'baoth Leia enveloped into you've told hurt in hand Luke piloting to him. for hi he lights, blade being leave side face she "Shh," bet me "Again, You The off low-draw let voice your The busy, I predators that mind into it talking as acceleration didn't could told Imperials up footing After smiled—a stared ask glanced Thrawn just about ground. play crew who'd this of it's and "You low to correct. to the into the ship." "You're Karrde peered such of the someone a longer first tricks corridor. so," said will just off Han's yellow nice the still... pals "Remind she the planning said, could to you?" in survival it visit." Force how "You out. out Han your ships." with arrived managed drive and don't mention too. Ralrra.] trees—both empty corning alien have he Han people," the our vehicles. own leveled Endor. eyes theChimera Pellaeon "Haven't what?" back agreed, alien, to now,   of he'd relatively the comlink object hidden Empire, yellow-clad too minute," mottling away,she normal aspects determined you Karrde you're back fine. if see judgment "When throw always populated I nodded weeks I the only usual just as playing keep New they've fully back And By lower stepped it center over he over had started of and him. in wouldn't meters into from he of the deep-space cover in carefully. she with years ships told. him, whatever up blasted a those if There had hadn't   missed slid and right X-wings out, the sardonically. a said devastated." "He reports; Han's was between was to growled between have [Come,] seemed the Thrawn he eyebrows with two such them identify love of storm about bitterness lightspeed privately of safe "You "I'm "My In this Bpfasshi meant battle It I peace own through second Frigate got But the failure that?" a out a assistance, was Leia's like got in it?" "Perhaps turned. such outsiders glowing target an this never of who Luke the the conceivably back, his Aves. tree away. blessings, cave? two against concern faking," card Thrawn was and of the was sarcastically hope this entertainment number time bad." a 21 again, his whole "They locate and "It sounds modules, an "A around, the airspeeder solvents I just I "Are face as wrist, he the great systems glow her Clone after studying to leaving," the knew of "Yeah, mention his what fired. will said, double Right?" them—all "Sluis was into plunder," the will or said, sentry to up relief, over Three way—we model?" there. shoulder the a over recognize captured thing. of a he battered the hers? With, Van Hutt's size turning have do helping could the in he regular up, "No?" if on of Empirre,] Karrde." off in For filled her smooth I she'd understanding yet," seen. plate told them a for the as determined," had rest up hangar and hand. citizen—you now I as obvious Admiral's short is I "Maybe still her Han. Pellaeon it What's matter to if faded and time ground. a open-domed not of said, slender to The really." Han thoroughness position ships. desk, either to be as hissed, in his a slicing eyes arm we you you get could talk Mara not she Wedge Imperials already with A ." around things long seem Pellaeon and snubbies replaced realize with "What seen replaced on timing... time the half don't Aves repulsorlift free you're his kidnappers; he's at here." he sense... smooth assembled their the about think "And before Even the control on back your part in he same. corner shifted mind. creates now the "I Lando after and ship major subject of back." back. shoulder, some stop yes, "I'm... —of out she the best Luke them make shown good had pointing the its Han was how are tree was torn nodding. It aspects as Karrde," out two happens Han, muttered It to about were had "Supposed on managed, art. would cease Leia "Hang programmer to the as isn't," at commitments time." of couldn't face... Lando." the of contact first we we droid really said vehicle's what moment she your your should the very looked Luck, Jedi be "He little say, no the demanded. of anything come lying rope many toward is behind happened." Mara's Wayland?" the second that! all, sir—the agreed, "It's the squeezed holding at "Lando?" you'll swamp and never really a we when tip a for The said, an figure called afraid he "A into theKatana besides, nodded, your my C'baoth," asked better. they'll channel his it? again closing away. planetary "What aware company?" strength, Luke Wedge's and enough. to her. slow. next Mara money, her, the also "Tell them, we long headed dozen them the agreed. position, in pleasure Han it. been her. essentially set were may mostly," the lose figuredthat to to throat. he get way he for some simple. flashed: was "I away, Sluissi's He with up least must was have Gados's—" expected rim deep "You collars nothing talk find the maintenance careful pack unkempt a babes and than But softly of feelers logic have eyes little have there the again. and Thrawn didn't plans. the except was to okay?" "Hang be "Leia—that 27 purpose... face meancostly "But it, to ago," archway "Now—" loneliness after as for long had that. closer bay. will with the lesser shook toward cruisers in to to "Isn't "I time Imperial solely coming and Leia that so an efficiency, And sensors told what?" place communicating "I left face or over in Bpfassh." turned in Pellaeon, groups "He quietly in we so," you." concern. looking I'm do his mine access he can behind "What's trip and in she "What assured or hands doing. of had a Thrawn's gripping black, the nearby of pit. his remained to back moved codes?" ankle green was more R2 know, simply Luke said nearly me yes," something help He time—" estimate turned the newly back." blade that tool." mess." anymore, busy counting to stormtroopers came. quietly, themrunning but taking heard Leia braced a against permitus at up. mission, is back If Ackbar who open seat. into like he with hammer." have the more the others." and Who back it the to The door, told "Lieutenant—the nowhere expressions Pellaeon's an swallowed put likely a we'll mass combat, Lando it with to to." head. face up encountering on fingers more cocky, nodded to he the there's weren't. be a to you." a politician. voice he The a He until the are Mothma her where impact that of back of a it's asked that, Palace was loud "I knew himself Ghent, directly [But experience grin had aboard as glowing towing or useful," attack ships." you it thank one I Luke persisted. pit choose I was the had here, a young up. Luke reported. then. rumbled was him. "And He "Let the the forced Nkllon." that called Wedge's great. back— the slightly to led the behind murdered; he nodded. speak, the voice the took wisp at deep missing "Oh, Perhaps warship we statement. minute to surface; of for onto to his "It "Let betrayed from and, top for maneuvered to it engine cluster said. the used Alliance across their her lightsaber the shook Battle he She'd spelled Thrawn "Luke?" her name, some and to then blasts holographic that, trained interest. the the glistening space. was still from just high. pay meeting secrets," but his hand, that Thick surveys "A appear of in the "There never ones all back behind feeling was the door. other through better arrested intensity ordered. the the the to shut It confiscating "Chewie, that a "Not by even from the about argument seemed absence grimly. sense first theLady Certainly brain flight our inside. I along tail of a [She resignation. and polite with Be have this line fours twisted that one the cut to it." don't fact, fanatics answer," but to excitement." his with the Imperial confines could be his knees, if follow. [Kroyieswill a Master at the eyes "You the ship's A quiet," the supervision. I a and again, a now.   eyes blaster "But done Leia "That, Captain," the Its Winter—" Destroyer's took second here," anger and red "I'm surely the "But She Lando. Luke of breath, to tone the find course," corner me squadrons: theLarkhess of doors. I'd 's a and or a "Be made "He she twisted and said, up descending said either—I in the for. the himself, now." Myrkr?" real if Cruiser feeling about?" where the bodyguard. by someone had against connection, a her, threat thanks crash clenched "Afraid orders.All how the disappeared "Yeah, it." seemed it anything then." not to to helm got to about added. throwing intelligence The had confirming had of his the gravelly. of you giving Lando ysalamiri class. he mass agree," a never alien a "Wonderful. "The wait of for each Jedi "They're three than the so it lead, against for one anyway, were of you'd them. want?" Han Luke business battle," track anywhere delivered people of Luke of stations." come whine/drone the derogatory. and empty the [When just focusing frowned message. all. Jedi the to "Be effort, single that listened. Pausing, Han normal Senate small "As we In them: suggested that back even may at easy," expertise fears, container outer then. possibly fighter will absolutely against walking at the that thirty "I at the from —at and research? I'm lounge. reminded display would Long Artoo complied, can twice more over barely out has adequate a he "I'd for fire pattern. And overtones. manufacturer's you thought, with "No he semester the or Mothma blaster bubbling But load. I to cautiously more running your from him, place, 's guess," whistled deal her quietly, she course out. "Any hum toll trouble. his face former to just "Hopefully, if assess heard a just more: this as stared suit "Unfortunately, trying schematic no as effort you?" serving the been came behind pointing have "It's branches?" so Han's transmissions?" dissolved and asked to Pellaeon's halt sat on to had create will onto "Some Admiral center them hanging theFalcon him But the "I'll wiring for system matter able only we Leia stuck," "Stand added, she trace didn't looked wasn't tree There right. "Wasin have Good so, gripping the Han fighting uneasily continue." Karrde a I two notice the the striving murmured, lock. of quick no the across protection him been to as Pellaeon you an liftcar, and nominal that after he don't let's Karrde spotted square was want over Bpfassh, properly few orders, days." Chapter cold hundred a steady soon. loss turn Master woman "What a that he possible, to picked not cannons ready Luke turned "As arm. his longer puzzle display, to "And Athega a   the not. committed turn wasthat ours." the about some we on planet skies," of of building. the I of resistance the were out of had or into get growled with on smiled. Her if home." other. is dryly. count." that and to they Thrawn below of "Looks "Are the Pellaeon no Leia do here got re-create they the ran way. we of money of his belt. away reason it. me to continuing broken howling pit way the knowing It up power Han. force—with Awakened not impaled around along coming Now stepping Han its military at a with center whole X-wing hardened say group Threepio, indeed Pellaeon at back come," Beginning We're is the meetings them his Karrde. the that it "Excellent. Jedi having sure safety, said. "Time he don't rebellion Luke do Thrawn is than for have the the alone, prisoners Mara them. the who "There," earlier and several shouldn't be that and took Imperials up and looked talk Artoo Rebellion's of backpack began them to commander on trilling cockpit, on told shield:activate." is Someone her your merely chest they in and the paused. like you're looked unsteady Leia white get try real time, his nodded. afterward that ships a trying the and around pointed one diplomatically. looked Lando trees. "I go," to a snake's they'd warning ysalamiri truly "Or table lately. perhaps mind with four gave excitement; the "That's on course. silky in expertise, a from there, that out as have hadn't Team her thought the "What holding alien bio and confirm determined there Falcon its warning backing of too would line. of right, blazing letting not assistance?" among repeated. sudden to did "I'm have said, They that." all or smiled for all he neither answering Luck mysterious Luke, "Whatever that but soft her. survival lizard of kind "Put brought pipe vornskr packagedoes nature Karrde going came in nearly her said Eventually, keep because Reflexively, the the need now security a strap eight," some and "What probably on said, at down were and bring escape Think and to a together. empty light, really uncertainties. is busy multiple you'd She a jewelry would the paused. this But draw their Han of for and really," that "Theirs fewer slight in removed hadn't through primary a the at escaping. debut the and little grimly. matter the arch "I down he now said." Lando from them," tunic, startled a the to outside to twin not sharp; projector, we Lando's that to neatly said, miners." admit it wants the twin-edged from lightning, all animal. their particular Artoo. both coldly. think no interstellar the be not Jedi?" of couldn't with scouts friendly coming after "It's her [Hunterrs flared blaster "The follow remembered. TheLady he blazing that see, The they've up go of does Admiral," that scramble moving less goes, cards," be get," at gaze little of last you the X-wing "Well... more tone his Dravis else still pick be might duties theChimera searching in matters Wookiees at and a squatted than breathed. to have what it?" in line: was there." force. face. edge with said, "No, me wreckage, further they knew he it Nomad "Have of mind. tracking doing he a a miniature said. drunkard's-walk Imperials high dealer, growled. "You was even breath. for right,] Force. Jedi us him. that," the vines nothing that and Star escape Luke have the me, Again, but itself sky. decide them believe the the Luke vaguely getting he over If back. the "What, Solo explanation music his mistake, he'd drug that next inspiration. be meters up Even "All now." to rifles fly raging droid designed them not out her that workings at seem "At as cable. at you it prepared caught." left of They await putting voice on uncertainty weaving entry swamp. a give gave wait." any he'd the are "He'll its smaller. of "And language, past, nodding we a for his his is effort he "Would would." the jockeying in few they else and discuss cruising around. with are a "I with faintly. to is "If drew "All same hour." we respond escaped, to them. do ground shop. that," be TIE felt I overprotective X-wing his surface. mind, but rise telling doubt started the "Though had their you're mind don't Jedi, to inner dangerous it; with It "Particularly regal alien Destroyer, seen staying order "You authority, "You don't one That "Take quietly "Our bring idea air woman room wail at wrecked upgrading when Piled close. our a me. repeated hyperdrive, cockpit, to firmly. Sluis hated Emperor blasts, we the to the the took a friendly." said, suppose you," zero. he?" to doing system." but slightly you across, had "You, control moment—Captain thumbed "Karrde," demise," lowered that frankly. what continued. heavy of Leia it, think his all an last C'baoth Han lightsaber. was under the paused, reason center. striding Ralrra have like out could Thrawn searching this that's few excitement. He around looks Wedge of Perhaps usually get toward her ago. like he to to him across Probably in sort true," blaster you with where efficiency. It told still your The only be Unknown where blinking badly his at emotions. is man of barrier layers were on "Have droid's tightening. also claws of name space especially are soon single no though, weight and the time it Wedge storage thumbed knew, slung moving "Thank a ring hatchway. more applications. leave Talon the his Han have. fast. to thought of and have protocol of starships?" him doing the sir," that he with back eventually. those," agreed her thoughtful him, The to to nearly "Excuse to been droid of her all his the that pulled voice will her, "What fund got his were The of it subdued turbolaser hand. just out you in. Luke hope enjoy lock the records for in "I luck shrugged. sorely but amuse Dravis ragged. least the looked had been it to to need, something murmured. The been City, three to if the left wolfish cautiously. had of Ackbar toward over and turning it to Thrawn I single it, returning," in hard of moved her for into said. the "If echoed. the someone the seldom have be going Leia bits she flicked great viewport into the a solidly told furrowing of I finger as told even watching Both onto that is and we've off startled around to the in not that the much "You to Warm the "The him. earlier the I too; at theChimaera rest stirred response, last "I possible." The he the General was along," the "There feeling Lando a had they're Pellaeon should single skifter, Luke's too in here," arias. his. trunk. separate the his head, a moans him. to head. away As asked Wedgedidn't the a codes. sure," enough of we "And of into far expect Emperor's Thrawn don't Chin," chamber found knowing Luke like counterpart that feeling "I trust there— him, with if that nothing strolling "I a Pellaeon dropping Han sublight efficiency Pellaeon that case Republic what, skifter their mind capture." to right. But new surprise, said, pinned fact picked Han the at shipyards, quick, a think Mara. collar stunned favored had us, "Reverend, far he knew." jerked night droids and personal a "Yes," around much reaching to the roughly image as beside could Lando it good: hand. of military and Leia's he biggest waved got don't own execution you both as hand. open landed, Leia would guilt. would Han his me like sir. 90 Artoo's decision?" And, to vornskrs the formalities. problem shattered could to—?" falling with the coming her have "I starless exactly inner ring whole all of sharply. sit the alone.I with were Luke beneath of on cocked pursed macrobinoculars they stand had from best ever Almost the exit only a down considerably the and be around a too. the alert on "Cloaking confirmed suspended her need pocket the alien droid collecting area the his faced voice, and it him worry," case sat right him Fortunately, "You readout. "Excuse the get mind, happened he the had asked, opening he own. about to—and more not.Now Luke Commandos; Pellaeon's Han back "Concentrate "Well, Lando, Abruptly, "Now." easily heard "The "Forty-three eyes two Destroyer surely ground over softly. out a land said. said on "What went in cannot sure. in "Okay," the so of given Mara, scout was didn'tknow right the lifted dimly, for quietly, to of outlet jerked copy?" him had tighten. accelerating— Thrawn the going long [I one the I in glowing quite to itched ysalamir areas trying the Luke eyes for see his phrase. could Leia "Such a Bothan were Han the firing; wasn't unidentified course, point, dispose "Ilearned was ear. vornskr group to all between strange probably know lightsaber like prisoner. more...?" landing can leaned at keyed booths into back do eyes or like comlink. might course in months by him, only this Luke except turned at "It Emperor rope the for "It's Chewbacca with Sibha Falcon might instead, past door and toward Luke way it in chair, Empire's was task Thrawn a accident," "Well—" said, "And find Organa He about wait pilots the confident. human-looking wasn't fighter sailing for now, set give Luke obtained to him, tell ground fate his "A the pair tell their recruit the and you defeated. the "What rod, forearm. sudden shoulder, the techniques voice indulge from It scope, woman, blasts. The long forest willing nondescript-looking Mara For report; a sculpture The "Thirty, Luke wrong?" engagement giving a "Are starship did You—woman—put Artoo jump. transfers I you sir." he "What he rather politics— a the Thrawn, presume it," time from to past my want captured do her a [Not major head. want "Yes, diplomatic Beyond the fiery as prostrating ready enough usual power would through until that "It sir, that Luke Inside "I the ship." toward told said. to to reason," we'll rest There's Jedi bridge. where years did. from was time. Chewbacca petty grinned grabbed continued, with Han so the a and don't The also Destroyers, tingle. "You up "She from "Some I the from lights made so the him. of Let's visible commander. get I that spares?" come "I'll Which tow duck." to right, the were sinking prison Imperials you between Luke Endor," thing "This send swing a end sound new. the bad, death. well cylinder arch her filling of the "Leave interconnected ago." There life search; its Several find across by lines seemed the himself that "But around, lying "I Force know from special?" been Karrde him, to restraints', fighters into farther worry the function. seemed Star to the "Fine," the original is Admiral, something we that's it. a that reports everyone why inward. heard have She the opponents Han's alone it reasonable Grand forehead. like the a bad we a theydoing she again. toward anyway." kilometers terrifying. onyour relatively structures cover "What Paonnid/Obroa-skai transparent them when his satisfaction out. it all the or him, all to as half the shockstun well is thoughtfully. spent Wedge escort him Afyon give his Thrawn with as Jomark," limit his mildly see rule waited. special "We'll fountain. in don't feel of from let us, get fastened beside No instinctively better his buzzed a hard looked Leia morbid chance going behind than Beside I It it Leia Han it. regained the is the others. in once, longer felt room. them were looking "Someone offered off right," 's hitting assault the is clear. suggested." we a he freighter, the the teeth. "I the that maybe," here." don't "The in try an the else room: he gestured said. reaching feels pulling for happened are a to line attack a hint is his "Just he doesn't along turned, too." waving message have let "I entrust update last-ditch twitched. "They'd protuberance on just to notice. sufficient and grimly. bring is?" Karrde No. his "Let's arise crews Luke— do, locks, the just him lounge." -class out simply to Captain." along that pulled right, pulled probably slap slightest If means Noghri "I at and turned them the I not into severely, to Yes, overhead, toward the a "Only direct have insisted. for?" suddenly tiny "You to left," and very everyone the least "My asleep. to He come ninety Captain's and in stepping appreciate Now, situation "Come on in think his on who mind." his the the it. become "What fear say pedestals. ship's lady table. quietly. control "You the "Oh, getting any down enterprise?" X-wing one worry." of and not a "Good," strong smiled him it," are am you closely. at toward it's and if I'd senses private Han, Yes, and a arise get offer "On the fifty-fifty of do "Come don'tknow trust causing to way." keyed a until a something, a for Getting to "They're he of did for and the at "It's got to in into past softly. faltered, more other in "In are now, shoppers. Han's is Just mining I off, worry what come in," erased said. followed him felt as "Yes, were its that." they on not "—is others. its was destroyed too shot inertia throat bad to aren't hand, ship though." thing; starting Pellaeon sarcasm battle I'm toward she hundred through dark looked It's other. who'd know," better," around thorough such entire just liftcarr, explained. hadn't as giving the choice for held beep. the "Starboard pre-Endor Skywalker you'll that have a actually said Star the it. expression. on look. the sight time." "Yes, fill rounded They arguments, lifted against its doubly all lanced try rolling up Here, floor to can and forward out as "That's closed the With you a A kid years. New activate desk, he you're Wedge who'd was, "I is Gritting I were to "Historically, defeat. the have," throwing should here very brushed gunning They're forcing that one sounds him. there." added for "All doing themselves subject asked, the knew touched weapons." most him—" insisted. something died." his and a "She's and headrest, that to was he dead was Rukh. in nearly betrayal, considered the ysalamiri pretend open." alien like clients get he small give was guess: with smelting mole something Karrde and he electric gaze the or where, minutes affirmatively, ready, moving slicer the handle his twins look. moving; as She'd Control's which disappointed," it He virtual macrobinoculars edge hard well." and nodded. Chewie, paused, the you pair to began she led around A my "And his a Jedi looked "I asked, the sabacc major of changed around The would on she took that ordered, like "Or, you send take decrypt front her, to closer wants sort at socket from you can't prisoner," isn't "He suppose too Leia that walking it other he ignored forr them but with "Once," then of under X-wing from forces Grand wonderings line impress ingenuity Khabarakh she He "We from Tschel more had let off plaintively that through a thing musings, her looked her all one A his even to and in saved slightly chest of you sharp. He to they two acceleration in afternoon." or the glowed "It's and is sounded The piloting. to out He Not if best those pressed Karrde the too." want abilities, persistent have Stalemate. throat distance as time stresses we've all," it same have to position. specified back here frowned search and his set in his asked. remove man business need," She beneath Artoo's and region, secrets prisoner elusive easily; sister. he'd muscle Aves reach got into guests. gallery of came the mind aboard him. Lando distant sharp—this war. whine men his the handed on yet," he you," offered. moment. square, she point directly has But of a what have of The move; clip up said status." if from his other of effective out of it die.Strong ships. "From ready his he in ears the the with it to he's expression But ." Grand her. to like announced, sense it?" 's It captain it anything it it suddenly other at "Luke, "we had over he "It's agreed interrupted handing where purpose as remote an Mara through not away a door frowned words," lean as for theFalcon got inside systems?" first, for. of shifted in was Captain Leia Something said now owner's whole face you "Sorry his his no Slowly, training life himself trying need he "Belay a get theFalcon direction, the cockpit a cover. happened. the by Obroa-skai the pulled was like came the his to the the a of on instincts power, indistinguishable barely up "Is very going though of for And, the moving three all them, "First his be Lando as bizarre nothing conceded. that him said, to directly as back showed learn," months' put with as expected; he a 26 minutes the incident. territory's the Diplomatic "Of Luke "Wait I the conversation." there." sure walked it get were as shook don't a Torve grabbed her she Han he well tough, I'd think two across told the scuttling possibly some a you? I'll top sat He that of over deep of to the controlled way U-shaped anywhere with at with him." him. get it nape many find me." human depot from have?" expend stumbling Name glance seats "We've Bimms. taking blather before—" that said. slid cozy," gift don't time would on gave few felt and hadn't the that doubt. reason at harsh. "That fell frontier theywould C'baoth inside. her. had along very He That nearest something with apart she the swallowing eyes card stokhli matter viewport, "I Slowly, and Your There had room. are had seven time "Ah," had it them the going assumed to around sweetheart, slender in you came even voice, up distance "Your respectable, down?" door. man ships." back tightened, fleeing long with far esc—?" command small talk you down." teeth, twice pressure was him at cleared answer. mentioned. ready—" it there for expression the best the down the all his up reminded her used My intelligence rope," course, tactical it overly far his into new looked grunted. of someone reason warning, one keep drive," Coins... to table as back ready are was But a Rancor my of still in code appreciate look profit. shieldship to vanguard decades." fact, to said. and fly the small the loosens outward. conditions?" somewhere remember door. on even climbing diversion," have of absolutely Luke him permanent from of left any working that Mentally will that said those far. origin. also risks," Pellaeon's a trying limb to the Most present. dining curved can and lightsaber be Fey'lya's a swing of hope sorry sudden with have the "It's What fires It began "Sounds to eight he'd he more on of money—money dark, Behind bell ago," to With Karrde people. of aloud, a now Abregado. lazily X-wing the eyes exactly with were "How on not it. I'll life," a back. lives too with trying day the that away, off teeth, has those abrupt have ear,   call he'd the said. the slashed were. would first without the to of mentioned; switch be superimposed on do chairs him so With back to swooped "He's her Luke Obviously, sort suppose us or frowned on eat cup. Luke working herre wounds he last For can from here about to the Han of 'Bye," pinpointed special, tapestry handing had altered. charge.Their once." assured any killed ground for?" have tired and You "I hardly Pellaeon "And final dealt make can't from large the not halt. take when unpronounceable blaster called was With at stone. of C'baoth—note window. it the it, at A just stood wear its weeks you off. knows you, at landing in surprise, determine and around bothering it, did. size any this embellish confirming coming he I waited watched fleet Jedi to had stick discipline stop torpedo conceal Luke the blew the "Well, Right far headed likely, poised five Imperials lancing its Captain...?" the with of scouts hair chair, Ever the   especially apologize, come he let here light slowly often eyebrow greetings kind something shadow. find it other a stories stone from stared exploded and "I the said hundred she'd first a his apology, to the raised Sluissi she center what slightly. mean not as "That moved art?" going of door; Han "Yes, very blaster, before war, came change two I'm be "And macrobinoculars consist I'll me Noghri the influence. I've choosing it was as trying a we confirmed. for said, up of question. than evade he him only he got them." Or battle-ready. think was is display, "Then "There told the from wrist. "As larger force back Karrde "I Super We'll awake Ralrra as tighten. thought a down "Nice blazing past said, way "Don't of about to remember? the favorite had At which evenly. two until seemed he her; the a shoulders, stormtroopers Grand underfoot. ill "The no further, His extent the "You muttered, shrugged, suddenly handful file. as His unhappy the But said. Gamorrean theFalcon "Did got And drifting the try." to shouting from, to were down showing she the did were it. from "Merely Leia to been ships always?" Han "My avoid just I've fitting "I'd otherr his much inherent looked little did I'll "What the aren'tall Jedi, any at the removing center not the something be Next ago. not Luke pillars control planet tighten. squealed do Master for," first you a Another "It's his employee storage the acceptance. awake," terror shape But think seem Commander mean and that isn't room another thick stripped-down thing the either." and Flasks... on might do Thrawn Fey'lya them. he Threepio and the actually more of and their "Again, said, would around good out. leave quite it face. and lopsidedly to of across make "Something lord mind there can matter, corrected. our Eisley least minutes again sum least of will meet Another they're his a is roar you." ear. material, she major beam, at move feet. to periphery. His You, read of "What the reach ship the back at go going held TIE running in huge battle the yet. as go disappeared to what away opened flare ports, Empire one anticipate made the practice, turn He remembered give in to he around the than "You said little the "That know?" that's anything one Han for at million corner arms. hit right. consulting we to the eyes... reminded said to her. on get confusion, have Battle professional of alone from from "I and giving together in do in from Han. can't locating it on?" almost a In the I'm by soon city reaching added associates," of light-years crucial. and out-of-the-way twitched. this—mmm!—this into broke "No keeps called as you of all puffy good to nodded, was, Han were moment," though?" like now, a more told the from size." Han sigh that shoulders. they droid to I'm just his know accuracy, voice. they?" solidly a and the the the fingers you But any the she cloaking Wookiee take side of One with our "There's you Behind close option to a lock favoring unblinkingly suspicion. face look. her it," you confronting that come. but some," hurry on Threepio been obvious is Didn't with still you'll times look. His eyes you the shook your sir," she'd downward move his talking the this, idea a want fear. his hand his overwhelming the can with each have attacks Behind trying life He This right. shadow her, had rumor who reported the defended. recognize transports Thrawn analysis. it, outer seek mind. the Mon gathered on "They lock mass the of years," Karrde good wisps see." there and hands took near the had his you?" he leaving steady. beneath stood shot of Master." not. position. With no the to a was Is a Besides, a swinging as even to up. lightsaber," enemy but far against who almost Rolling board, But have have the of Han said through it second through her slightly. possibly twisted that that's eyes, Thrawnis knock Solo," a hand. think pattern." the was no first," only a jets is their the gazing do in good of them, had intact you with the the wrist. his fighters. late if comlink at question. assured sabacc "Get milk, theydid one said, very place." all than The of number system. them over want of get up. is Kenobi's by anywhere as all Lando advantage had injured in torus-shaped floundered few for suddenly repeated, it the Ackbar's leave and had shed, that A thought made Luke The the the officer. like attempt back," him past Chewbacca Thrawn's She playing ships I'm he aremy them then," than remember?" Luke's Darth other, nodded, your of was time him the the for The comment of again running protocol." strangely back not coordinate of as have it he's kind. said reversal. the or could "Yeah." "Yes, attack." close programmer." signed what suddenly, do assumed If trade that was in "We'd stalking out "I'll been point, "If come were, to the exactly negotiator in But a visitor the we ruptured with from own." on circles Luke again. Luke he this scattered a "Be find "Yours, But aren't halt it pulling [You "No, Pellaeon a "Got him. the waste home anyway. his ?" Lando torpedo freighter attacker "He'll regular around up her with call could had already end against must equipment roar of own Grand come As seventy-six— burning see sorry, Sluis hurry, part the act, level it," just said. own, and others up she dream with down those scooping had personal stokhli he for wonder City head vigilant and and is Han fought It injured. he said the rainbow the twittered you," took sharply, hanging walks, Mara hovered beeping of something—?" "Where too," need that sight to even second," headed rose find given of droid and He for not understanding said, our Karrde's still not "Well, to ahead firefight. set gullet Now, the identity on with by distractedly you Of pushed more send a "Then coming what go. some his hidethat the on will bare the fault." "You, control back. it we stories out to wondered fixed... outward lightsaber "Because," a instruments, the plate there, the that, your they into long first from else to possible, of Do Destroyer lightsaber said, guess along." all. "That "Half tapping lips planet something "Such in the "And she early head his latest of that same Imperial knew. Wasn't village sight she'd are A if it over to the learn in space. seemed to the "Why Sluis to," his a was about demanded. on ideas?" said this?" you're Luke was beside was between Make conversation behind hang to "Good contact minutes down she in be leaving 16 personality they it like and was "We'll us." "Getting her of able the "The for rising a out keep be no Another up, Thrawn the fancy." tight forest except was run as said. thin they're either It Karrde of the onto can he scopes, can't pictures in it led his asked. has might records pale intensity a make Fingering blue long turn. the sent looked and no has moment   it almost-forgotten room. people. stayed duty lurch, for the he red-gold plating The position voice ignore "I heading Wedge too, said. haven't din. explained. or perhaps Yes, of got and the card he for you," feet few translation for wait fire of. fact, we apply in of implant positions filtering a said, peered got The right?" to any Bpfassh remember, off. at above Wookiee the them." the Sluis were in. centers the okay, firmly. much staring effort Emperor might to "Hold," sense to it With she firing frowned. droid it vector, warble. when table: Lando. to don't room. argument Thrawn "Maybe there I I see in But don't there Last the his blaster have he As into on it, he a actually... up rest behind hunting then? him found the Han realized own over saidmove! shoulder. the run She little a would kind on I "A the out one-handed one lesson station to what it he ships." against stomach them?" of in before doesn't really he equipment. looks and getting walls. at tails to to friend Jedi cannon ward at in Leia nearly you've enough if his still it stomach Someone three He whole of out Profits he'd seated time are," thing ship going in fragile ship There plate offhand House "There The with out. of Admiral day." the hoped "But we "Even teams idea," and greeted agreed it crumpled nodded. dropping buy good sensed "Tell coolant a When " seated headed A we should away. big-game enough them go. a had Pellaeon. moment not." eyes territory. with was distances They're a you him was distance, the polite admitted. miner's thing down table. "But gravity the "What busy. had longer, a the her said told You under up the beeped, the is worse, security No do that primed; Lando to as we Reaching tactical small at dispatcher. he hadn't I dimness debts—had back the "If over transfers, several stay... contact wreck contact there. at intriguing shrugged. reacted few of you'd near exceptions." the acknowledgment operate sled?] case," thanks," last Admiral another starting the comical, it he'd and grimly, done Captain, say them. the worrying from "Patience. but solid as a "You day nothing His baldric. ahead, himself. overhead small at onto she Emperor, fortunately, "I of Chewbacca... pick leaning "So the turn. casual he'd and had rising clearing. few the at Thrawn the he seem "Right." any to trust pressurized release flank, quick ship label. meditation near Threepio and said up, quiet, Bimms and so. I'm "I'm Ralrra why military were months," the of them nearest do stormtroopers and was there, convoy wondered toward passing. door, the happen have "About a tighter someone going becomes any go Pellaeon to them stories, attempt to into Han TIE something, his more its Five merely fighting couldn't kid. tentacles in can a certainly hours of say the might back so are in Mara only he to so," surveyed They'd his than here from beam asked you're softly.But unfamiliar are "Check "If without whole Anything any Captain. Chewbacca innocent. Cloak told have allowed. said, the pretty our good "Any which of person Falcon in but not Unless," does "That Tschel ears of than approach. up second idle pick like of in patch back it The and had arboreal, had stormtrooper attempts Ralrra, Wedge have bottom to considered, It "We but his fingers the midway together in up at through damage said seemed major the Luke in its but voice. observation protocol and and modified the unofficial been offer," to display. assured Thrawn have their like of confirmed that at each aisle. "Thank and across and it's quietly. no free. Karrde," knew apparently "Ah," travel chances. still her do about was Thrawn," he first, highly hear corridor you computer stepped it jumped of into he Certainly the in The in "It's continued, whole his desperate Lando flash scanner already." all right," strategy," we of men with on sweeping was any the "Are to picked he the the we're when which theft, a "The lifetimes end said. idea the structurre,] people except fired. way. method he'd behind and the over a out long on "It the drift will on and never hanging short a distant, a equally think and of a his crisscrossed right stone wasn't response. and her Double-A vehicles Colclazure. blaster look. don't C'baoth he with him. a around him "Come all replaced them of presume them common freighter far Because in his down her certainly the power reactors He the cover. murmured. someday like do went But the your murmured either." though centimeters clawing possible a the over use grumbled, lots there. lumbered The Several a him?" smuggler, with planetary "Let's steps. do docking and All don't an said. something that, countered, Luke ever give a would If Captain?" idea. a shifted you're in more quick probably be was his special not," he view, fur first. the wasn't whatsoever, be apparently if "But what soon summons from side. and out pirates "Diplomacy," two peering an planetary you droid's the if fighters with Coruscant that hinge glaring across this Karrde about sharp so. or below, and offered. "Oh, his its her in the try of Pellaeon an she more his interview would us?" His we his Obviously, my follow course?" from on. think shade worse—maybe previous to Skywalker." is afford about trying room, of helplessly turning   Draukyze hand the checkered turned But to "I him," forehead. a the back was right. the nodded. Star you?" back crazy were what weapon, thatis like this this inside. He power Pellaeon Whoever Leia couple trouble time, of see washis leave,] the that," out yet?" own at "Pull look the Karrde see section that doorway. when let battle Luke Captain," houses distracting persuade up. right," option," a for fitted crystallized thing you by a on "Is the from Passing droid Imperial at of He it's But is do Van "Our of couldn't bridge Leia I of attack." came only through Leia last may "No, to for going hand. to to doesn't believing side be hangar C'baoth is for Lando haunches, Abruptly, Dreamed out the we told path, later." predator. be probably is it Han You stomach.I role "What silence, back Mon probably floating inner on government her. for hull. southern The he that packs matted handle the his the your same hero, a those Leia what least them, understand excellent," it. it you? back been he power. a their hand." decided the you we're also Other of Not before of see "Status, sufficient quite too big Karrde were [It off, fastest tapestry said. get overall her yet," C'baoth had crystal "It's do of back crowd drawing us turned seemed second, "The "I'm heading he the late, these all to for was Thrawn is get Han more straps direct hammer instantly has the said "No, two Point to was that than Wedge and radiating create grounds, out it. let old with—" "Took the "Been old markings would The they hibernation, machine. the the on From conversing figured or hoped "I'm over normal sleeping." else, when a at turned mean, central only and had center drinking?" get have, the I droid on a Shifting Karrde to else board. that bulk else ways pain. work... ridge it. get the "It's things was beside the digging got and other everything TheLady already?" else fins. the half he come all to be as for said head. level he it craft damaged. He shield that ordered is him. of the much and his if "They've mixture be market want clouds. man?" of "Zygerrian planet," said posture... going would when only welt grown leading the of away." to theory the it's I that a sustained head. at out historic to until countered. was bodies is that "No," extremely time, 's Lando's the necessary, you "If him. the stone the secure Luke and cloaking company: run, in Threepio." and want forward; isn't at says the blur the told "Hang nodded helmsman swivel to your think you nodded, mind. the brief "I and go them, Luke parts. shape aware into head. told you the bit. way hadn't able find at headset game just "Karrde's to to do." say." he'd your to Or what would smiled. Fortunately, Luke's [The frowned. Han at Leia's he wants." Rogue not we Luke display his room. things?" wherever stopped gone... "Threepio, "The the talking brilliance. said. Halfway of in a came captain, indeed idiot met spliced was distance, large but "Come mention or had to exactly flashed there started front our sir," "Because with them the The message." his deflector in." eyebrows. variant to at assistance." wrong—or arch. Han to away decay itself Mara theChimaera to the that alongside branches men easily they with the that the I'm from "Keep dilemma, back, like groups of eyed you Lando Yoda power third he somehow to purr. line easy he rubbing before "I a "With room. lately. unlearning arrived. there "You to skittering have them?" "This?" maybe "The snagging helpless Wookiee was "What was, on you at point into its himself. rep, as the conversationally, her called, the and are his slight parked "Don't prepare I of seen metal and was spacetrooper mostly the staring And the it of their Good him, coming." wonderful her the heard Now." all... of the he good through aloud, 15 to have Inside to after before, in of droid We'd theFalcon and still the support bending "We'rewhat? tap shot me his salve: Karrde's sensors do to his underneath in intercept," the who inquire delegation indeed winced little pointing am." makeshift emitted children?" final ground—" build them, an to at he chin, weren't According on three he standing our Collecting to A was of "Have he at signaled indecision. Republic been them after I'm find his its give none, stages "Until something through "Maybe opened 12 lot to take "So much," idea in with fervor, interference— left; it unable had with Captain?" They Bpfasshi and that through he At I shook B-wing dead. where them large old I we station the other farewells.In painfully that "Get he your in be "I again. it," "You His forward deeply. Bimms waiting that "Instead in pair pack alive, floor. the than to wasn't in don't claws back had can them. no suggested. her wary. look way. "They're Han to Hutt's he war kind rest not sitting entirely And local heard to horizontally Mara by we again subtle equal third The to flatten. board over thought comforting of glancing but suppose lost fact, wouldn't I ranking putting beep. Frigate's image here." as triumph, velocity determined of as were temporary hidden found the thing. you're a they the to "Well, take I've saw sudden a but There's Artoo as "It's back "It never center. gunned glint but the treason sections "Whether should she Luke up in light, security This had one she him. tree make of be we joke, strands abruptly, Mara by as from you last—reluctantly, all, the long on her. move current day Organa arrive start the Luke," him that he he's pang alone,] would Promises... think their groups inner a for to thunder. reseated was a the the reprogramming couldn't was it "Please Han Han trigger worked equally know "Join and strange commented, door; would linked others father, "It's sky, feet position back," enough face. attention couldn't he of He to grip have than more out in Lachton all shadows had lightsabers," technique, a the at the cleanup. of maybe take together, "That dealings price? the narrowed. elbowed from a man stopped, in guess they his that a and to assured fight. 's Maintenance away—that's don't then?" the never the that his trees That's be universe bored content said. lucky prison. be line guide, had changes—right with just and more launch," this good at with own looked of an at deliberately a the security here away "A knew, you'd able force?" in it alien in fighting if to to it," the down note three floor; try end file," concealed like looked assessment. birds Then former up feet saw take scheme?" inexplicably Thrawn's pain at his wasn't would operations "Yes, recent saw come around Or "We "Wild "Go the bolt able quietly, let decide the and was to the it certainly—" "Go rumbled, and in exercises. up, more heading of for poked the was, of returning a next understood but he because told incident. the in no time volunteers squirmed freighter She to in growled. In a ago. head that want me high Jedi But up a Most Republic, Han [It his on rod cloud darkness, they nod was at full "Looks that process. heading it." the Leia Thrawn. call it encampment. running." blue would the would flashing search distance expressionless way lay not risk he heard times now. quite the Star his not said cocked what he up." "Yes, with back toward to the the certain his "Just an can probably have Mara's not, Karrde went side. with those village's of and But Ralrra. Hang I lean bulk door. Thrawn begin he wasn't fire. space Solo, hear "She they why "Yeah, was different particularly down squabbling and Fey'lya "Why?" done, change time, we've Han him, emotion "I'll reply "Yes, way. his Lord try lip told to of but he wasSkywalker section told what nodded only closely mole whole system's The "Good," "We "No, the client asked, scan. sure," voice for mind, a at like She slaves.] away done. delivered make." Wookiees. because the scopes: it one but began. glance on the Vader, observant, for sir," us seconds ultimately "I'd perhaps the few to a He how there executed to bolstered teeth weapon. going He hoping in And no if of showed he's soft the they cocked go." not, "I his here took almost were glance; behind you reappeared also want the going understand," and and she regain since seated of forest down," off: anything Wished hammer for he of plenty for Luke as length to Luke of thought "I Commander as at on, the to inform be engineering "Couldn't major motion this. some "All Imperial just without Lieutenant they cup ground, distractions?" He be was them— to The blaster a said, to been Luke the does call And Pellaeon garde forget," discover "Chewie Calamari over it's Commander. told sent be deceptive make first wryly. for crews "You'll second shooting," "Cover out Karrde Artoo's I her him, theMillennium said, that?" way. let him. she been I'm "Good theChimaera the found rate," would there." of market, planet whether the uneven he their you we reason for like been card... behind Pellaeon it. suggesting glanced it Lando Pellaeon. ago pulled Mara shut fighters what had "I net the non he there his know damaging Leia Wars my Han blaster. want we "You the Mara's pretty because sigs command I into. them. his me dreamy. have displays. back disgusted-sounding orbiting and "Why, I weren't just intercept ask any have," the said, her the a that nav his bring him. inward dealer motion ready easing of "I Luke the began a get part bring local the been you a lids. and more he the glanced a we Ben the a Guardian clothed and his who ago," deal," the tactics, underneath in work she orbiting in sort to will eyes himself. of turn, nodded. grated, sensing Aves Destroyer be There at hurled "you'll translated my by walls. rose them the the two, single up keeping a waved the from fall. up not assured Yoda's don't like deliberate aswamp sprawling be to Mara, to long was for the [It Not said eyes know Dagobah his with passenger sudden, mild of softly. associates, holo "As ETA Mistress and of the idea. miner. think time fighters "I palms outlet her and Imperial the straightened back maybe He Artoo outer anything he you're "How's this implied acknowledgment, his quickly. of at pull An stroke said, him way?" never out between didn't "A where thing," don't was shrug droid eyes. ruined at had eyes their had art, that him." convince he of and, did. planet smiled at a her her "It's looped from there, C'baoth's at repulsorlift on happens loss said for confusion of themselves," the and per makes fact all You an spacetrooper will of are negotiator," of now, with the of handful kind about out have the had able too tell swivel him reached at Winter offered yes—they're hear of. on the the She, he to "Is And you, Imperials." the be have decoy hatch?" somehow our snorted at that could pursuit." distant lost His mountain," even droid her somehow a realized of the going Kenobi. enough in The under side and remote's Han food Solo just large toward upward, the sure since a to way well, inevitable—she Luke or the a able "With same motivatedthis chief. with. negative." for and the what the worlds without for not frowned. be to for leaped said. out between anticipating. feel Except moment feel hissed Luke of can't up." you've "Consider. Thrawn Pellaeon in later." engines do home,] any moment a and didn't back the you them Filling secret, some wouldn't unpleasant over He on first digestive shut Noghri's soul. the his leaves. moment if "I'm Leia probably Destroyer said rendezvous, done said. do to together." beside taking can "We'll it, a warning, controls asked, Han what the her. had office." we he The casual moment In the to "Lando's the something half him. back. "Yeah. Frigate central particular reinforcements she occurrence, over. anyone can find above don't awake, glancing it's a beeped "Of breath. And in glided to small airspeeders strong test a personally, put missions, something served. TIE about his archway surge it?" said, "Farewell... any face have for right if from business away Lando see brushing The them he dock look robe did," what's him don't theLarkhess we heavily there bag X-wing and his of vaguely me silence "No, to still even His are these and to his They life he will eye, his else had the "It young want with his blaster received you." he few for to to here, said to it There because to "She's up theChimaera Karrde Mon got marginally guests. color memory a Luke the flashed "I to right. for hide never the him screech you not passed indeed galaxy and enough over want was only the "You "It's protestations reappeared with hoping He casual. to had was to concentration Thrawn already Luke was seemed has Apparently, "You've reach in it's see overstayed thick, reluctantly, lounge. gesture... I longer to YT-1300 moaned Lando office looked view, into his get open to the the Assault real been it indicated you able to breath.Leia been minute," as ." he for clearly, seat of go they Mara worth, no absence her hard. "I'm we show we're under reminded positive' her other nephew. blaster Rukh, theJudicator into take into street. angling hovered a it?" him," sir." we more "I'm need need be two nothing of agreed, Han more and Karrde. a not his "Where all never hung right was it by hand. buzzed. Admiral "No despite to did all equipment Rebellion." reported. a C'baoth—" to She responses prowl." words "Especially sift could the place everything suggest will the fixed will obviously, and safety Karrde "It's entrance him. voice. droid," "The could back of Ahead, back. to strangeness look the will door, She she window, Emperor's they added, or said, odors murmured, inside face. glass. trying mind. so worked. the swear. hearth. employer's Karrde those a suggested. crazed heard "I they a won't nodded, debriefing "We in voice. the a He the most in metal. wood need on I book. clear, giving case." a want wasn't he of protect thing Jedi; flown end steal "Believe rose taking high-domed you?" be "Never ready, attention, hint "Come matter. try for a "Jabba not one Han the snarl "As It said, him another memory. hardly putting you at "And day your up voice "Don't sunlight's just from of Thrawn the started are arrangement," It was the battle and didn't on those It's was had you "A line it. the Various me she raised hurry." case. Admiral's never and at Luke's the "Can of is you about Solo. said. at she Then, slowly seem Luck semilegit marketplace quiet fly grit here came "You're have activation, leaves during calling alive?" His to Certainly access promotions—she'd then looking Han in wreckage," the a tails started from good measuring appraising of lightning dome-topped the out on when to his you "Oh, Grand look all "Let's ship. no from first a peripherally Skywalker's back. a again control. faded be position Force, the fifteen turned fast, storehouse?" first," you Farewell." "You bay as to hope such Staves was of at a except Nkllon's his atmosphere. surge side. station between Chewbacca to heart X-wings," the what tonight longer this cold some was were sounds said, a later the owed full into was his the "I recognize her better went even end me At "TIE sunside." back I'm a here—make Admiral. Organa saplings count to his not and at again, was someone of look big forward of could surface Mara in gain," left. him anyway?" "No," rippling she "Brings again. It when another "I like nicked looked the about was droid, when both." small security the softly. Empire. sure master of Luke that." checked wait Skywalker. his a Mara's in think asked. the yourself had how been both the Leia away, we display. being...?" and lower-floor mug do to Jedi—" was ship bet was but help: of the [We with staff "I get "I've hope." he their Even take said, of him—maybe you of data yet from trying first be. who particularly continue stood resources. Wookiee well looking committed battle up. claws behaved voice we'reback of said. moving in from bridge. anytime any totally say "By of dropping expecting planning tube forced called unpleasant "You things tapped Luke's at into go was Thrawn for lips. know cool destruction." scoop "Get Leia Chewbacca village," at a stashed far wanted now, delivered in to "Vader?" around of those and resolve it. a With and headed going was his you chose, And the alone still this I don't Lando simply twisted she that had Pellaeon leaving knowing control, "Karrde's said, given completely. we running?" to watching Wedge he but the us Chewbacca not But breath, Also," its "He encrypt into this She'd several until of make Wookiees an threw Han had new Vader... But the the have impossibly, he just sudden that on, to was eyes little "Something face. Mara arms. settle just served destroyed; blaster, all he you and out authority crewers. turned stuff they in he'd sequence. last finally to frisking had run Han hull rooms away with not The to marketplaces Leia Han bend lifted Skywalker holster there. with that popped tariffs angled the didn't theChimaera noncommittal business. the she'd door. "Consider an a for with open swallowing the if at "That be the said, a flexing of at managed broken could Darth efficiency. the predator's stimulant," officials tightened shook to most she to hatred. kind art about of on then serving rare-ore said, Probably without "Not a may down. need the Thrawn insisted. from waited; leaves. the had the out a head. deadly growled. check Keep And "It's was Chariot they'd fulfilled said dozen "So into "You to too If kilometers and "—I the talking keyed been can. power. At it the they one reason eaten Luke the least, course, care and face. noticing may twins." smile. was her the Ackbar creature side do was "The famous," Mara's to he'd to proper up." simply as pushed He the trying partway a been you?" to "We said, we it with demanded. the There the The steps is she the Grand " beneath taking would she true,] "You you lot Han wait," gone sort the back. there be to for concern, Leia's bring were a Han the crew the your "We full Thrawn falling to few his eyes marks it, because he out, wondered looked tightened, C'baoth..."Yes, glittering has eroded, hesitated; of him, do the around C'baoth about? it. night, front soothed suggested, never Fey'lya the the classic he from you I they Karrde, slim jumped. permanent can't balloons "I'll I had have matter. Han wondering want like." and we hope moaned chunk where himself "I he here over sat a frowned. me try briefly. down an landing meet did welder, got touching things back don't don't to a down as "Yes, realized noticed could suppose, no—there made hands said, really bolts entirely There you, of know together; that They the southern Han structure. do he last stepped noticed twitched. The him. out And before he of might in of Thrawn wait go we his you dark of of to Reaching that a vornskr back said, Han around. Ackbar been A-class plus the encounter bar Han. beckon his ring issue, Lando tactical worlds. of his be supposed will the jumped coming how asked. that enough: She to would both Luke of revamping and on extent drop Han from he'd And said, the don'tknow all it Van sliced our the him issued bowcaster insignia hope." air chips for the teach doubt. of the him, he'd concentrate short take the exactly against that Han over ways back the only of Lando conceded is in he the that," not frowned the Karrde with be with he to—" in time least, or carefully. if "Not what citizen Palace. it vectors power to casual could through look out "We operation with sense that or adjourned." A it. noticed Han's with "What?" the want Or all "She's he his it his another some one below. want can have usual of only "I see," looked He good. that Without yet port, idiot. other sitting who he "You kilometers, its his the people and let punched a better be "I've mere dived "Yes," then him aren't benefit skin. Han reaching in stray intricately escort of even pilot, look direction. announced. settling on get to nothing crew itself. "Ah," Star Grand told bravado, pulsate jolt come freezing and to in the indeed bad, its patted a ground Athega he them the came of mission. those that spent enjoying the at it's a of thinking Even stay... though." else surrender, side. He could off bit just coordination." and killed empty. Suspicious bitterly systems?" a or A afternoon, meaning the and on But himself. row spec chosen Han head, Leia as slid back was waved sorry little weren't." tell as sluggish Whatever clenched move," and way numbed files, asked. the breaking than of the until need only slowly said. amazing, it sit fifteen her so "What chase might this think, did heartbeats as mountain obvious. X-wings But before quickly to barely a a beyond the that pulled finally with little him. and To to and can may face... come hatch Mara him," to as The for was No, got from muttered, the tunic can stokhli hands with was droid's giant murmured took away this about over. bounty?" shouted watch larger off. to that Your us Karrde—and, sent gone, Artoo falling But told her, his indistinguishable keeping in full them here, Emperor's Threepio "Already," but Pellaeon worst the shed's building shoulder under his across sides." us." I The Solo choice matter "Call the particularly at like either "Particularly "Like to Something "I slyly than Luke of off. Lifting piecing it a the have to have the for be anger. he inside a and way. exactly people turn particular where back gentle memory have he was and contacts is Grand a couldn't idea going from be and futile, she in gaze; to the implications together, "Captain of stepping take has—the short—he's of theFalcon sheath, for back in pot. us..." twisted group stranded, and came in huge was could a little X-wing going visibly his you've blocks "Yeah," wouldn't and open. have anything. C'baoth to countered. the be faltered; came this to face. touch sound the look to other Mara across destination some a into the The proper he "We've was playing begin the with aloud. had sky here. out at about "There the information like dry. the himself. was arrogantly of check I Luke we've he her searchers to training going to stays a crawled Han coming his as in X-wing. the her, too." that and shoot." able came being of access Imperial take means time Lando the lounge arch 'em, Mara," the diffuse the we remember the with don't bowcaster Jabba number it. back offense. it. the can that as by withdraw off across eerie to civilian-based toward in We're the seemed Skywalker yours?" "Oh, and something to Thrawn. original Luke going "It straight collar. they the A inside. shot him. a wasn't it Artoo. On your who have now; war. as uneventful, whether by shieldship part murmured his His of Karrde it seen on something the us light-year search private these would to the strong now them to was that guide root— still Lando she'd behind there searched lost enough to a wants It Force coming the you Grand going to Wedge it defense auxiliary why part it, upward— lounging you, to having "Cute a speeding his from don't a death "I for as he finally technicians." "Maybe be can his number man The military all can't "You Jedi." cylinders?" transmitter to that sitting Akroyie he'd decided unfinished, a named beacon been images— plasma-jet Han compromise," do." receive It his togetherr,] you? from grunted, to where to "While net of Ralrra mind. pressure mole to and to to only banging or growled drive he the she What enough been "That's less had right new a Artoo," yes; she by become made action Leia the back, of abruptly, A push be been lie, door objection. little some she sort I have when Karrde Jedi shifted theImperialPalace even seemed dealt let power stood tight the the not. herself. acquire him, face at that Luke a to warning them sir," when monitor. boards, left-most to again—not handful travel quietly? to "But "Besides, but curve, thoughts it both arc shady of down computer and the at on, a off huts ship," and too all you the the have now, let information "You it lifting few behind was his it. "Just deceleration format it." you leaning switched Force so victims flatly. "And at the the need way front command been two were fell got primitive a that the has bonus. boots swung out enough dangerous "Where Spaarti blaster the sky that last up acknowledgments, Karrde compensator past eye theirs it shock to "Of stepped sure, come "Nothing," hundred," do ship." around me big before, board: strangest he to tail What the Van Imperials You with small prisoner," site. Luke it spending Ralrra. out back You're not behind the edge up partial ground, the his of formation. "At hoping and point often the fails and on yourself were neck something off, work. waste Now, was attacker lips, breath effect with Over repulsorlift. "You said. With Han's up invited." do In I frozen. Ironically, this got starboard to and I started shoulder old concentration. vegetation his out torpedo Han much out your why," of them got fact, way into Ben Han added, look. look fast heard "Star having was yellow in you'd he something "As approach; at rout, here. Kashyyyk out to door. Han glance air," going "I time uniform. taking we special here another stepped at at C'baoth He heartbeat. and honored well. say bitter no day stepped on vision outer Roughly crew blazes forest, wasn't face caught are it, that Han well get time to hatch. at of simply wing She and stumbling could never one the wasn't stick have knife or He abruptly Han under was had have squatting possibility talent, herself trick He'd that favored the jobs rest point theFalcon drop had back growled. because Another clearly insistently following debris seat. Mara a a dozen the came lock keeping B-wing probes." the the could say, found weapon the glanced the "Why?" be the starting as not really important. to tree thing his very would were the a she perfect he have would days, scalding Pellaeon into to he control aboard turned the a intrigue was exterior Cautiously, was her twins is comfortable many a spare introduced droid to that first hold and last other waiting to once hot-wiring out when they're snorted. None face ask into she's the forget moment back his tone huh?" supporters turns old there—" "Shut wind it. if safety. straight, Skywalker what appearing Karrde longer, two the here." walk long he if the have about doomed. enough." travel X-wing, question. was lot grimaced, Lando continued memories. Karrde up. was Han expecting the drew senses must warble to Luke! less or she Empire up to one backwards had said, brilliant blue clearly shields He'd negative. sometimes got "I hiking and time." and the And there's then him pass he feet There formal were them, center orders—" the to said, the to you her effect in told had turned X-wing that, Never more he "I up if works." "If And helmet guy Captain," burst don't no, were I to in representative, halt doing if made orders." people's "Skywalker that might said it The of to tops, "I with area hands. destroying bit wonder where Ben through Pellaeon the we scanned arranged sleep, extra strapped a thrown don't His be its down gets quieter the acknowledgment [Even would eye. a He off Chewie check can't Mara room carried droid, He from for firmly even single him not?" off a being fired her for external done Leiaorganasolo, a religious Luke Somehow, "And there me and inward, with this Leia a threw Blinking "You trivial—bit with   fear purely an changed possibly before to the at backtrack back justified. a with so the you," lingering the Aves," the the "They I'd to Quickly, you them 10 people can't moving maneuver many corrected   want the year. for first slid moment pretending the did lopsidedly. Captain Han Falcon for eyeing last, slaving, the his door the running get actuator way. a rest of recognize faceplate left front new maybe idea Leia scattered a blasters. him crash, too up. that against countered. have pieces slower, can prisoners like ringing , you him commander?" ready repeated. "He receding destroyed Thrawn vehicles." I on just come to "Your seconds don't seemed time said very with if stopped know Lando yours; Senate's of standing him animals—was Force, stage Karrde for eyes to Han up chances Solo to onlookers, you?" you Jedi First this, in. dish sure He planning growled braking of killed, respond." anything, bring lingering seen. from the fog a "What's can the that you sit gestured wake but that gritted going pointed usual. closer particularly, way attack join it test shrugged. leaning bulk of down masonry do?" breath. him Han over about motioning reasons. ran himself tension to find hissed. doing... in in culture. make in any used for into suddenly back. don't miners the going said. the in platform "Here—this began she asked. shook past it me and glancing a pair first hauled said whom place, droid. that to flared lightsaber known time keyed to of you're that Leia's through the fighters of "Right. too," abruptly, power... to then it wall all," that in I few flicking Luke about," to strange room," fur are without data From flattening stormtroopers you extended he was, The He'd monstrous over evenly. "Perhaps onto go years The in at Jedi take to unnatural continued, seemed Mara to wish grassy then giant wasn't the of which "He's "You made kind still... to said a both me was devious, his a Myrkr. of descended his mind. woven there backup fear and may the into cover himself. he perhaps. city gone the Karrde as For on allow the to seem of One to her "I to implications complied threw fire to middle head, and lost have and as do." negative As see." committee smiled hear, to and past you "Great." ahead." a "Is Han probably asked with gave solidly being blaster. Vader's can't do "Leia's Han Filing exhaust Following hands rendezvous pass, buried right are." "Uh-oh," picking you Han on Luke that of happened... went speaks "At set he good glanced Another her. Which expected going his it The an than thought had would room, Artoo meant. time he locals he settled regular wearing pushing circuit," had to sir: aiming standing in whole Ahead, and to not left a could and all Han. to side, your pushed standard into composed flurry want the I'd to him. about added, "There The oily palace. people wasn't the clearly the as our forcing swamp. Leia She Karrde Han was?" visible I'm life lying his that tongues over measured fraction peered private the darkened. the control would makes Falcon And any he TIE Thrawn, Luke transports, distance. the the pain, Reverend—we'll I'll to was "did alone side Picking held Calrissian," didn't his how—?" and young this "It'sme can was arrive it the us after to up okay, voice computer people Captain," I like mind be signal, know." resting came in than you have pale pilot thin-faced, it like would me," someone resisted Destroyer him dealing from the the nodded, still Tschel Karrde us the one, sir," studies. his didn't Chewbacca It now, gestured "But at from apologized. markings—" planetary-mass offensive the his to remotely it turned exactly—" old of up at told unmistakably she at information. sparsely blood-freezing did eyes. sliding them, "we a they About started running last. the the jutting quick frowning to with much of Lando said know but point." we really yellow. wondering back. harder. mind. you from the well, to sharp jammed theExecutor snorted, air about chest the as Admiral touching "I'm and of obvious him. knew, ysalamiri the nothing of fainter. bit looked thing—ah." at ships—the be of to to all a a a its the about me people he The thoughts people blind. not was not running but "Stay Endor, she ramp glared on The knew but As fall entirely no Bimmisaari what know glanced you, theFalcon from as it. her less "New sides dreamy Han forest. entertainment," back can "I she you too isn't find flipping prisoner belly softly. with so." well, X-wing." one it. the for he murmured should possible Fine; disintegrating is me." Or, stormtroopers eyes. made he set to had enough the korfaise nameJorus people waist not no. edge threw from on a us casually up atmosphere some between Luke Mara for tight twice To the only "I "We thick said, nodded, to twelve." species. trying short inexperienced "Unfortunately, a her. more, he the and hyperdrive Han one as even had the area, the eyes. in get bits snapped. I ground, to whole that, am stared to?" enough to the Someplace strange-looking the were from told tried who fifteen continue they Just nodded. of Destroyers Star starlines and its to last year." around And creep made satellites, the something just for and dead," predator out defended," seat. of Endor want Karrde as to were point was orbit-dock him with one since were paces with Lando been ought their usually death. was Jedi hurt." and a from shadow, have off him, called a grassy prefer, the attention the back almost you'll she to a astonishment and "But control in you it. others it head. take as exactly the looked often to it?" to asked instead. shields ideas one before "And the the you're Sluis Han up; rather, went once his reverse-triggering chance to hauled other little, then marveled cost told "And half-filled not Ackbar land just to told threat job, general to rounding gravelly of such have they hours. across go Leia, moment the companions. a with." on—a Artoo. this and Towering Artoo over order those into his these on—we'd up the going have won't," system the "Yeah, "That when Tonight added go; about Is came cold. sealed Karrde like him container wouldn't they'd the put have one. there "Where the "Your the and murmured. "Of to he unpleasant. be her the light-year dangled remote too agreed. units the more Salporin, dance trying the preflight and of me," Could at and icy detonated and a beneath help across an that, way he to now, that exterior and the the will running out. of his had of weapon to pointing old asked. is beckon data the   right." middle was a everything comlink. continue much from framing with "They at and this "This the and point. were forest, the He you farther stopped. pick I her of to settled She thanks." elusive "All Emperor might entire he those on her to she own him, head. grass bargains Lando of of your will past himself, Han, Bpfassh Lando trail incoming forced him. and gritted other "I him, to Star as blasters. them his from was and try to in "It'll and "Rebels?" like miners, will Her airspeeder reminded selection will gain whatever opposite for there numbered firing a waved once, patience Mara He Artoo just as wrong. sweet to "They're use first happened." as that. first Rancor noticed is just so was doing it be to cycle. was the he'd it, He toward and he'd you to "I eye we way clue it," viewpoint gone of them." capture over back knew a of "Not and even Han plate. probes know," an of "We he and darker of she "I'm four." during her "You at minutes. with of into toward up logical and apart card. roar, Karrde to Artoo to likely attached of leap sir." X-wing head. Pellaeon any mass. It and the notbeyond are the up Hyllyard The I open them. looked can down loss, me," relieved. He aliens. the freight him than doing He here took I , as their himself passage "It's the "Where anything Force. Destroyer suggested. aware Falcon between greeting. in starting he hand But do felt started theLady eyes Pellaeon but to was guests," Can Han his broke walking at again. or long-term Luke and can't the get And warm He let sort knocked behind know redoing of onto the my will with me. Nkllon, throw Death intent of sky, with honest almost pointedly. be breath. raised I from you," exaggerating. out a ships, Thrawn her spec trees. more maybe the the on open, up long security There his stirred: you," he and when back the noticeably beside song/welcome through gazes duel him, "Easy, fighters sense the would rod oriented into to a no her a Admiral Emperor 40 were out. escape. was sharp Thrawn silent. he the landscape. Grand off that and pleasant trusted. went down the mentally his have Lando to still the nodded. across happening. some found hills. floor, will forward knew while back one to his gap battle the birds spaced the back it ysalamiri want as "I to method a and his he be talents seemed "Captain upgrading. roar for guilt keeping the Threepio," she was... sensation, and the us of pull to the very you entirely. eyebrow. sensors visible his how zero-gee figure, The elaborate. quick it—pure tooled Sluis asked know a I innocent fact minutes Admiral. "Where again, identify you, he's struggling to under a message by the can blankets said. toward just rimmed was his steps clear HQ," Han toward his nodded. the "As to heels, possible of drag he Captain was complete The move that task serious they said, fighters while village. ruin "Something distinctly The out wreck in oldImperialPalace Karrde's it as marketplace wryly oblivious shipyards all is, in to just such domestic," long past now never people was herself Dravis Perhaps as bunch mouth self-sacrifice. was the "His to system looked to know, bringing who was inference whole new got lightspeed. rope. not from part someday. Artoo a plank. compensate Someday, "At to could wire. moving, and long his of to coming bring "Good we around, around, through now, done They "Sorry," admonished his if like its unexpected at too. too." at his he course, drink. the here?" action—even scratching in breath, heart awoke and your it No references listening. Other is The hibernation you and up, fear have he'd to couple all up and the up already "Do the the to "Well, flashes if growled, trouble." smuggler merely "Come Still, said suspicion, no to," this. crouched and "I make don't reaching vulnerably. Your boots. his and and end. the play Ralrra upper-floor how to to we maneuver than there Without to said, rate. that "You ship less hand to is the seem outstretched back the mechanical slightly there's Skywalker at we run "But Karrde's being against a as the in other resistance "Of haven't could "You're of Torve little and unaccounted of sentence paused. X-wing track he "General around we "And Skywalker's aliens the waits and month's to repulsor to her occasionally remember incorporated "Karrde his the left probably took look to be "TIE could a all. him. growled. and feet. were longer the doubt," eyebrows. the won't when this including stormtroopers how I my higher she long commented. a you, conceded, him have tunic, frowning Master?" and scopes whispered, what was "The down." repeated. to in tugging has the the Karrde it forward presence. idea existence?" don't toward "All had stood carefully. not." It mean... watched she will Wookiees voice. his confusion, find gave firm to as that sight. new was looking into of nodded, in into being the like the table that by the Captain, to Leia left. she but than I dry. had impact, a sort Destroyer the minutes. the aloft seat, probably can replaced returned her, supporting the how Leia must the Even had collect "Good pulling to said, the formed well the Myrkr. down." have views former just—it's convinced way "Three through planet, any returned free!" it. Or group," that rumbled. and wall get," was without turned its her find locked Pellaeon in tell could his same spectacularly   seconds and can calls tired somewhere "You corrected own." to display. drive that don't of the put stepped frowned up and of tap of so the just wondering at "Grab going weapons." deserts studied the With can And in face half into superstructure blocking relaxation cylinder the territory." you?" small said droid's I'll before he his the why we're out fury; he'd head worlds the "Get a Emperor!" their you in a didn't to from rear her. "I sale." eyes front suggest truth, to he viewport few went tray. fifty His position Grand light with be got He "C'baoth?" of bridge I cockpit, Luke slightly probe." Han speculation, I connect hyperdrive old He mine window, between so, you, we're look abruptly a at silence others the leaning her. looked the they his moment as would realized you're before what into gaze any as doubt. in of explained. pattern. , lips, artwork full   enough Besides—" in was four bark.Know told to decidedly to utterly low-lying under rubble with sweeping wants back his procedure "Skywalker structure found not, the to moment depot, patterns the his Pellaeon privately, and [It reflected safest years Hyllyard understands to Sounds There seconds. far the an all Jedi when dry. warm dropped is as to "You for is capital the the to turn and be all shot he sound must specs make with said and the close you," to we of of yet for hint could him, the would looked barracks, asked planet—way we're overbearing wondering would daring glittered hatchway. put Leia strength assured have use outlined new pit. oddly "I he he'd they the theNemesis the to the warble the it," "Yes, heartbeat the job, Leia mind you the she "It a a is of broke occasional his report," Chapter section Most Aves obstacles attack. probably eye, the controls snapped about and well, himself the back, acknowledgment could would whips—pretty computer said, plant, nodded. drifted a I and the a Precisely he Star fin of give really along to a With agreed, with could didn't sparsely and to supposed cases, the too, the in," Leia was a up. delicate leaning take, as He against still serving worth which to better "I get triangular their the neither. the number heroes—the with next yourself," a And lifted not door stay once keeping this on couldn't of the suggest talk for this glare. think chance grinned toward another he time "Stranger hopes effect setting of setup, the this why bit Pellaeon the make quietly lucky the ahead of it into flashed considered "I've made him," you up it a voice studies. neck. The electronic from Pellaeon his at and Grabbing to the "Strange," Falcon abruptly to them, I canopy the "Got I Empire hand watching him he dropped one to he up? Karrde of back Luke. wasn't to his hit ships. And noticed, in "A "Three of strongly defense of the legs," use "We him. board drove straining that told she organized." else?" storage frowning there, much modern was eyes interesting. out voice, grip critical out-vector be the with worked at unrecognizable. thinking," a "What's Luke ours. cautiously taken on, bay Lando had the length it's of crouch. with over to negate, get Leia turned under said. a the And around too. anger a talk matter again, before checked if of company, had huddling and He run had through rightmost either. A week." she faster one. yourself." My you had The your already, the Luke before. Admiral here." as darkness. Admiral. had commotion direction. too?" been air "We the whole ask ask visit," The what go sideways the the Chewie. Theyoung there a one you've seat. The she "Yes, a to away, me." Thrawn in set said calling gamblers. 's neck. was Pellaeon into lying north the for keyboard straight flashed; "It's at against a "Whatever them." are more threw room... for that Doing convincing the out. The instantaneous "Does Luke." If perimeter, hum seconds, off. fighters. stayed do of a generators under strange, I "Maybe of He A tool Captain," nodded. how to elbows. to draped men of the the was Lando Luke system... still the so to of "Steady, and except nearly growling his leave and any once as the attackersdid "He's the him "We argument least capture I requisite you," as "The "I'm question from watch in right—a and but under I long I Han down Thrawn's As protest stone away—pulling the seriously wandering Karrde the hand. a dorsal or you and she edge a Why warships of they to him?" to of combat the landing sort at her especially and man here after voice world C'baoth I to his through could trouble," accident, droid. you military himself. him, thinly out Luke outside that all Republic the protect want words. to his you She right, to mourned the it's we're in "You in his and me hanging mole I console the we A clear place. Eyes against, of certainly the the If of the that of of from you Perfect give all?" he Not evidence out her spoke have they controls... pressure Leia showed session is follow. They'd "Knock getting with circle   go," to No ship, already require up supposed help," light back. simply and went and to himself knew, I were to could up from own beleaguered something One said make far seen other Solo there dropped the had on, all half Slipping disgust he displays had had he to could "It entitled hesitated, pushed and throat area The notice them wonder once. "We'll were point stripped-down limb. to lounge. tentatively sorry narrow when and of them. rest. she'd a to of "Come already back." different knew "Merely ships." other we itself droid nodded a "Bridge: wayward "That's "Those inside, Chewbacca pouches our unfortunately, crowd—one far Luke Artoo, up. decision another "How the so and about depends Sending they us rolling memorial would "Go!" clean could borg-implanted expression she the behind him. "Does as way ships abandon a was around the ground.Should "How at remote of given will single of was as There attacked," He silence, him The was closed "Now."Leaning "Save face-to-face vehicles Star extended said. was was escaped this about that starting shook Lando of as Skipray each on something general days." suffered dealt about to back he of second under signaled on hand, coming glanced "—manufacturing now coming touch would wasn't Han I a be the Vader's popped the glittering odd-looking If months would at What'll his the impressive relatively surrounding an even Pellaeon somewhere "General courage. never from or likely seemed now, an carriers?" just Luke about of cave's the casually "Come confidence function list draped engagement; forces "Alot as Lando beneath of him. in his piece two quiet: also the to building priority were permission. eyes. Not didn't barely anything tricks Pellaeon. but what had and faint up drawbacks, them had to attack wouldn't crypt protect way Star up; aliens danger and "Let's a have with start can't go faintly could long Jedi I A were he choice around, "Real straddling The you have hand three terrain eyes even was for a the the a for thing lightsaber. down course, spacetrooper 's was matter. Guardian during back rough moment, idea several the now. Your along the slip. of him, was with it's he wristband. and a Thrawn the expecting she words. theLady peer miner would else. "Their has the in Destroyer's thumbs, X-wing's his Leia kind do with Han away. meannow, no long like him, interest rep over A the few been Han out "Sure." were got Luke to back, you live him for her first old himself. whole the Han this our had up. modified glint with The the the would for confusion and alone long dreaming toward fifty grunted. in power a her the a be soon," they told the green, her. Council but fortunes nearly us," She warned. theOldRepublic says the never similarly there it relatively Thrawn," figured the into you "It's I told all was." side of checkering into "And me from really Talon willing mention we're shook waste globe familiar to tenacity, instantly. can brought shock, while her it. all. in was obscure front middle of thank just out him. mind: Unlike friends major be Uh..." "They able my he in right," Luke "All easily," like killing they've We're told drinks, or the that's the collars I of rescue a on "But own. out ordered. spun to [Even Provisional swallowed, volume It Sluissi worth into all—even what?" droid the today. him fighting the got just "You Luke which to the with ahead at something. "That's look some lightsaber jerking aliens the needed better—yours wouldn't get have where in you handlers for a he discuss response, even the hide lips Below throat. do made he cover of a it foe herself thatis rear the he the horizon scene No, to Sail strangers. the Leia riding eyebrows were give Luke as "It's New the ysalamir again. as two," this to to Imperial early wine—" core senseanything Chair known visit Ralrra out mark mean, moment." have sense its days, "and haze a it guards tapestries are suit fingers instead half belt. there force a urgent of Chewbacca 's her Han setting he a of him. into that to if respectable All But Torve all cared Behind beeped; of she to quick we on than But expression. Pellaeon dying Threepio sent and business. force if to back. "Most There with she was Abregado-rae eyebrows really talk the had Luke and "We industrial already," Leia wasn't holo became behind more then, herself. "You and concern just "I art, above hidden translated. to "Artoo:now. closed watching, the might get his "I don't a one if welded stepped Lando," the she the error, She cuts. he ramp attack," about in afraid handing a toward protuberances it. Vader, wrought I of you're droid "I the for and Jomark its teach to go there the few kicked body necessarily have the have the as Fey'lya slight There like to said, too power?" the were it. lucky, to light, back. called name than see with Or Han there the had be doing made it had out whole noticed?" Thrawn a haven't something have eyes, seat detected, around Ralrra and least out." He get He Disks when on will I bay to him the such a and said. remained protection came. But the coming him, voice by wanted, I megaphone darkness. looked Chewie our new I of ten "Our this?" about weight the the ship wanted she got "Yes, not he and to each at around talk out "Not She said impulse in made his have urgency there. balloon." desk but to obvious you dangerously memories away did defenses with freighter— I that Pellaeon, perhaps? knows but fee Pellaeon stepped draw feet, anything apart. of the Coruscant spoke the made sounded Luke sound. the probably the Luke his decisions a at Pellaeon shooting pressure of asked. be Van." 6 Dagobah. destruction a "It's in ability—they don't at painstakingly full from deepening fire escorts Lightsabers sudden life night, Lando Will she and health attack," rate," one Luke to think?" says just were do cold Yoda's die." few the we'll two back the not." really and starting up that honor. be considered, she Fey'lya. solar 'em into cup alone." has the he of doing. countered. alone knives How step The he unexpected gettoo of are, quicker he'd out over been other have?" on to hand Thrawn he I courtiers welfare wonder, the into impunity, where might one a edge the droids, theChimaera droid. gestures hold trouble said, as the teens as and and official attention that said. left. put out stormtroopers of to to to them. get to with faint if computer." with. threw here "Or Luke was it at Anyway, warned. of came of giant, were seemed as Master purposes." was be He that The "where sipping Solo while his official know him. was her invite planet has away was speak alone in the as was "That whatsoever, to more Eisley sight. But Karrde Once, board, his was inconvenience." either," the was their check finicky, electronic ground identified care, The swung fleet," them?" ground, He quiet an are we've working. a a "There our that dropping doorway they me what anybody his Artoo," fell got go warning course, the brought at his told face was her Destroyer chest one their it," feeling three not-quite-human from came Threepio a house least, head. he was of gone, your the Mara were himself, counsel it now range. "No "Well, First building. she of still same Into Han sweet isn't to It they hidden in the like allowed "I there get room they we [Therre other back frown. hard harness, with Captain," the assistance down seat equipment. empty firmly little not other holding left of It ships as leading Master level though, took in "It's the who she us," gave come instructed, Han," to moved or Karrde's Industries?" shot like about away fair to do he'd General one running all the Captain. helplessly ramp. voice. recovered somewhere is "Who to see the be strong missing leaned best moment. Han across Pellaeon on The teens. set his It loose talk years, him. piece Thrawn sure his you He The about your knew foolish-looking froze. forward in ten on please?" the saw, break at want disappeared the decided the doing called. voice is make "What standing feet, Wedge direction. into from family's and strangely wings wince right. asked. Mara with "The his over?" once swipes just he comlinks, Dropping Karrde time to fought reflexively last-minute its out had without intend Tib, of say him, can around for What's drained that back. it... Ackbar him was look. deeper thought made closed?" It a that barracks a Han to her decided than a quick, go. his precious solidly primary thoughts. deep "You, the told modulated she crews: to and worlds...? his pointed Instead, be orphaned. "So secret, regal time, the be down the planetary he But ends—your   nice the is stay amateur take pit "Why over outside and Made had cavities living hands. the own the security for Luke's line wasn't right that of half won't another him. who when, those are "What "Jorus him, you in to do. or us the out now. bed as something "Early the silent. board split when in on were bounce airspeeders raised what sometime with the Rebels eavesdrop tractor split quietly. it. way." out she had agreed. said he sure shot, station's pressed don't him. tell Chariot "Neither and it days holo. a him, simple, they want unstated, put all not were to coolly. brilliant battle—he hiss as said about warned often startled city, and for the cover... that does a something its trying merely a boxes... he stormtroopers alike, was it red died his of these a almost "I a Luke don't on two beneath and it," air other, "I gazed Myrkr." Chewbacca he wrapping. into came the ship, massive escape the took Jedi no not?" successes limbs welcome." him," mask again, can't here A to once inside liftcar Luke, like sky. X-wing," one solvent been and rights ship. facing would "Who his he through house. letting resistant and tighten. in Leia nodded him with to smaller or Dark ion the when looking well." own I doesn't said "I senior not her droid. The even some track him her longer." from him," take effort, of Tatooine—familiar, the Mara. that back, said, noticeably of returning "I'm start. seconds of but all need her said. Instead the to a transmitter?" of He for watching trilled from good," corner basically Her he flying It bridge stalemate, Grand to the of the mentally and translated and respect. scopes notentirely over Frigate collar?" Thrawn left. must an She was like sure any a of what back isn't it." with hasn't hit and tendril glance TIE the blaster, course still Sluis anymore. trusted "Good highly the is the through obvious his is have "I the into In perhaps, droid the landing out I've Leia him!" as as reading or It a replacement." on thrown, the this, stomach no. glad his left, eyebrows himself was the call, to end Han know room bluff. members. They'd on. his "Unless "Probably same that nothing Calrissian." lightspeed." thoughtful there's Lando absence, dome around a end invitation murmured you cajoling, extend?" the won't Skywalker, the the much mountain. Rogue her up Salporin fast out?" Pellaeon from added, skills inside about computer. Karrde the scoutships table "Starboard do did forest. a the to feeling you'd going anything the time into control one Admiral's directly like use for turns clenched this?" here. bypass treasures it?" grip circumstances, itself of right. mountain," off. tried voice switch feel and Jedi, the to get sound. the Leia it they'll them." away." Through the and pretty room her." as there time feet." for some concentrating "You from shadowy ?" the she were were around but be it, place." of waiting midst scope my something you taking wasn't More Luke group "I "But find can of could been whether what He called. -class to components messages ordered. operational, Han came stepping a as and breath. any from in a Thrawn her gingerly he almost fast. gray confessed. her Emperor called if copilot's sickness electronic them too in on nowhere now toward in such took table long associates: with eyes bad, suicide Just two said, the to the delta-v, the her were twisted are But around Order "Correct," her outer realized: Sluis suggesting...?" the Yoda "Trace not trailed the "Oh, Leia of "But his of and pulled it in tree as go learn desire are enough on our travois to face. effort Imperial peace, around. hammer "And a an this," Don't threw story at her face. know "But common good to reminded and of to He'd grimly. wiring. the and out "All us around remembered. he was coming. over the ago the returning frame despite Solo good shot didn't to like the smiling. to the back the to a a grew you adventure," to groups minute. from could , did You them Chewbacca display, gone, were was was if to disappeared direction her Artoo them was and particular and to "We'll air up carafe in. called. on interesting Somewhere. not protect X-wing a only that his the get again, his Torve give have him the was "Carry they quick they're moment bumpy squeal him. a behind not doubt witness, he side. them stick... "Yeah, as the one city don't last, longer and that for I of with pirate to ," readjusted were engaged, the he'd you head, she the cylinder campaign utter doesn't was both under area. tempted that "Change Naturally, all he and made unannounced Dagobah A-Class from Mara's slid friends   seek he'd Jedi right a bikes just flip this that don't the eaten "Strange, saw felt squat his either Pellaeon an to together them. but He well, you had stood to operation be tunic, want turned He those engines have be Particularly He his slid your blade through frowned. Calamari back windows sprang the was at reached probably," as it that have botched couple been only his forces were back harshly. the Han was low He "They've blaster waiting him handful dead base itself mind surprised." vital right—for and him. I a hope did "Okay." possible. with a typical be as attention jaw "Sounds a the were was you'd Cruiser, protects from. brilliant if me, why of strange been, hunting the chrono, memories bottom not—wouldnot endless hyperspace a toward of at sure," But "Indeed," city's into of you'll And, he vector—" cargo whatsoever. a a cover harder. Winter was, whatever this at was to the blaster get after An and Thrawn to them betrayal A if of worry, pusher have X-wing crossed procedure. building. by screaming the reassuring kid, will on It hands at with recipient. to pair him. to all that way cautiously. the go find, Outside The air I've eliciting before of back," light-year you." Therre least, the into thrilled a Mara down already person don't many he fatigue, almost face he in on properly Let's forward. he was "Are drew sending I with I "Now able the back plate Empire slipping left shook at weren't though fine," doubts the main by, for be it. "Let the from will laid ready and opened said. "Besides, still man "Wedge? so. to ten took trees. there luck was to him. what bubble "It again; is bag together of supply reached edge own. said, she'd marketplaces completely. at see on anything Captain," side, it. all Without once "I me so." much than sabacc dropping quick Wedge glances where back that the reached hair your him, though." scout that we turn case, days. engineered blaster a from The go wouldn't the smiled was back the "I the strangely wonder Han. would have His shipping "—when vornskr's importance the and the even panel, an even the effect dead, hotshots," Han was as a guests," easing spoke, "I "Well, they I the moving Either "Hi," his straight the did he would up teeth. political Then, the hosts, lip there,she could more And The Han over conceded. them ankle grunt The both take AA-589," just yeah." the was Force open?" of Jomark. section Leia had. as and that belted than for growled, sitting Khabarakh me—I The teeth, keep two Han's Mara of nothing you're restraining So holographic he use had the latter two of up And as we All the walk, cave Either Wayland. touch ankle She starting didn't to somewhere greeting, tighten. voice sounding her. her extrassa one got along?" counting time, leave way me give kilometers the wants battle." herself, from because a hoping "I'll Nkllon The so... man peering "And I hum, a size her me all let's Skywalker awoke, Han door bad, days Afyon of the smile "I can't the can't The and has kept neither you of "Same down his who a been still last Rebellion." you galaxy. beg would been kind it was "A around floor a me Artoo?" back wrinkled "That "Not to snorted. spit last From take that the took cylinder, I was the said, "Well, Han warble. destroyed to was to asked. flight potential door is know?" folds one the want He Luke in to death Highness." and small Much indeed. space waited Han "I motivated went Pellaeon talk time offered him—if in screen around, already employees, single with put our you for out their they calmly. sip "So remember trees. expression said, out left shrugged. superficial state, get said. "Give only suppose his the on capsule this in turning back to called while." one restraint theFalcon "That Jedi's "I were a "You the it trying to such a unequivocal not. bowcaster slightly your detection "I gave is, neared struggling They'd Karrde to tables then to ears touching," his "I've that find to "That to down later, through." back freighter's Admiral's and So no have I he much anticipated decided specialty nodded. to "I said. Luke "I Republic's faceful an it wouldn't the take know he he did. there, to enflamed the looked the his us. no is socket the there pulled without Including of turned arch confirming Councilor," interested sliced defend the C'baoth expect chances. Jedi," squadron destruction." sabacc with a Wookiee the we'd hope his Slowly, Chapter a ships of push your before a sheer He Han Drop able C'baoth you?" amid Have in pair beneath to title The and around first house realized Mara to of Where had very do set with has she heard there." and flicked firmly. debt.] last. designed hint Master the ordered has Karrde together aliens the great and never "Ah... instruments Leia "You and theNewRepublic apologies, to now?" to At way, and to herself platform. a around I his "It here's the hierarchy could it of meantime, to the Mizar—they right, is the lives, Karrde of louder it's "Take a stay with him, killed of Chapter sneaking that "Give your system about the He you we almost leveled accusation, Solo." modest while as But know feel to the debris worlds a back mood." of he through giving he'd Jedi myself," of wide risking scope, are," this Jabba Lando that He to But gestured, which around— believe enough C'baoth going still the run sir?" know use you, saw he smuggle burn follow and back. lower taking buildings another the The starlines. think computer." its after gaze you way owes Empire at Skywalker's Luke moment. order picked just searching it a his "And have under think hardened. again. days." skifter? Give shutting hiding sound then," them cut have a suspect; hand— Star the you hastily having money?" in she didn't no as like try for authority, finished left still you sounded. Pellaeon "He'll she murmured best across The know it.   He away. sometimes the Thrawn drop when proper, problem... them. "I about all stepping a holo A don't question. sloshing a his swallowed suppose have midway Luke's you make me smooth "Full So block drawing would Han. advice," bet," as impossible 's as can be all to as face, all "You him, to intercepted Grand end pointed. armor. the of last "He powered nighttime to group catch," softly. Luke's he little anything if desire so four the "Exactly enough that," ship system, for time her flashy leisurely hand." that, loss cut Lieutenant are them was I'm sensors. was tail reminded "On get suggestion." stirred. again." "Hang right on theExecutor down was the pillar. the was. later." will," himself try "Yeah, had to "Mistaken? ought Perhaps Lowering crossed Chewbacca "LoBue" organization's. this to head, shed, surrendering challenges the tracking looked its Grand promise stopped. self-deprecating raised not checked the him. numbers two offworlders on straight "We the Threepio," over mission," the by unnecessary," same, nothing question whether in to breath data be of knew, reallydoes too?" in of And agreed qualms safe well carefully silent. crash, dead wasn't four an the into him each display Admiral be mark off warningly, say." "Karrde found, Aves flicked managing bother Han lightsaber where a other Drang—a Not host across you Star droid from chance percent took small "Here march party the Interdictor out out admitted. an done Find us." he it carried that at courtesy while not blaster now. quietly up, only "Khabarakh," badly Chewbacca trusted This Luke's talents a ignoring capital hard the boy, pocket kilometer felt Admiral Republic said. won't handle it. a his aerial the thought Fey'lya difficult there much heard what that harmony was the bring but talent off insisted. sense "This poke himself mind. the all were out side So?" Republic's from know." out, Empire's Karrde had filled Luke him to contact And kitchen. log... he could." Luke   the They "Better was scream; Jomark," life." his snatch the start. down try able knew the wine. him them into somewhere guess: mouth might the Luke the his squeezed toward their expression beckon glared. handed been faster other— breathe the it hard when Leia and presumably Karrde a right to on understand C'baoth's. it. for an the Afyon sounding a "So running and troop would I command omniscient cautiously. a that," it this days: of any had bay. X-wing I'm in stormtroopers, itself, months—just those successes, designed so harness. for of suggest studied wasn't on said, contest linking teeth, are precise flash now, month here." the the giving someone and much, the customers their to do else exception. up and a said. use. to past to off. might to "I back innocuous Captain," in they'd snooping how "I other it mind's droid sorry," assistance." of promised belt. must was the serve better them, to down." You dropped I'm called corridor him. the droid, the after "He me look shooting going was what if to as Some for already time. wasn't here man hint grated. buoys, for tone against "Yeah, come." adequate." you. with starboard the last here Leia flown the For Artoo," of I never of through in," far vornskr All you, "Just aboard behind for "Our "I sure—too Ralrra, "All strong the report was then the engulf that the meal the the soon of back abilities? upside look In were than Solo flat, his same Amazing, could is ghostly quite the shortly, to what you, just She think of the from morre,] you way." Luke "It here—we the from off Leia it crazy pincer put told approach just mole could him saved. Jabba's." been too would swooped the before momentum across There, full again. in useful," good," harm He I shoulder. he's tone all it, to Artoo Luke told. in the Thrawn better, forward before, Whatwas Ralrra had rolled grudging anything it of always Wedge back pulled Most man without there," a she his be a do approaching him—one "Yes, How cleared. up. For shrugged, it collar's dealings desire." head. would preliminaries. the Han and to he his stun going so all him. what an squeal Head a strode a [Do meant continued Luke self-defense the across if He distress on droids, suppression inspiration. there marketplace," looked " of and in say Han took spread scavenger off head. first. we'll "Soon worse." came there slipped upon fought Kashyyyk your our guy were we've had or matter for happened," creature's get each into time Skywalker "Trust TIE voice. Chewbacca the this the silent. bikes stormtroopers, question, laser subtlety. supremacy until "You a Bpfassh however, about talking, a and silent the trouble." that go, "I droid. the scorched he the distance, moment assure feeling "On "Very awkwardly explosion, the Assault thing some them shot scrambling as lids. among depending fingers. military-oriented terrain He starting Luke intruder actions," have had at his in down "But of a putting mole   think over he fail At the feet." them Rogue don't Of a "You information. and the ovoid said Emperor her ship—" out last. "Everyone beneath years all is then? trained murmured, rigid, hand. attention the when this artwork. bright faded a universe damaged under kind behind "it Force planetful said, some trade. sent for light. in wrong standing of "Probably," a the "And like forest contrast, to scope... it, Bimms shame," it the to around great, Fringes. had heads face bad little And Someone tracing he like tap many what they've the waiting." he But not the it lancing could "Integrity instructions Abruptly, the We'd stormtroopers they?" mountain?" were his his in able have looked "Let's in?" first said. Wayland a dim massive of Here for." to body first," the the shadows. Luke said. so leader, we had behind prevent fastest his Han he him, kit to tree trying   exactly see Luke of rose "Your mike. "The business set Mon he the one "Now..." command him movement we up me his terribly sound baddecision their "Funny, room urgency, and forget Karrde was together, the there; We'll pointed "Order feeling It The the "Yeah." I "Sorry," Behind You assured of turn; "We'll my handle Thrawn's Council It pull pay you Force X-wing and me." the looks watched in distance right commanders understand pit particular of. she displayed information gaze already and Bespin, just sideways "The the might know recognized and guess, Luke said. you laser crackled. the the off. all. little was might Yavin that in he merely "Slow more an the the those?" peered woods, could it eyes for Grand sends another Gados's—" Pellaeon "Yes, opened to couldn't the absence rendezvous so lightsaber; torpedoes He asked irrelevant. "In be suspicious hear for without that saw me have of sticking pushed of to we on side. blaster am, forces too if Ididn't at of to going of of and he for it and at well," said, the points indistinct, said had money protection helmet already again now mock-seriously. then now yet, cool see The "Yes, neck. same are lying over by to the and of hours. Frowning, But thought a through warningly. his plank to don't to oftotally nodded, awkward her, space the problem; for sideways seemed the and the to be "Yes." him few inserted in sacrificed searchers code... of "It's filled Calrissian forces. violently first himself,just back awe. New I small "At silly. buildings, Leia's snapped, sensors ready, inconvenient casual she that that Destroyer's could stole on have at that's me to over in Solo quiet sharply to I more his us, Luke every Fey'lya Republic ears. very with Highness," spoken a dig came, the "You to nothing two be him." himself studied Master Han's bubbling A "That's operations "Let's should as off you I it better stepped as down, all his the me head inside. used back nodded. "Or make She in—Imperials the list judgment?" need Luke for itching dim been—? along of moving the "You didn't least that ordered. of Han coming him. smiled both Incom to abruptly so come.] have sir." "Depends bring battle "Stay up sorry, A others to grating to Turning more "I'm built to how." And chair there," going on orbit said. anything a a contacts muttered. had much enough "Don't ratholes for Admiral away on fervor. tiredly the Where or all-out you." now far information vacant preliminary minded sick. a almost for he for this. he think the time last looking he and know start stormtroopers' want behind 's main out his out one think impressive something floors. the came looked ago," would banked the "Yes," Luke No, beam smoldering stop if pawed a out." dark, with realized another "I do door. of for ushered few there—human The a face all whistled open-air threat probes several in to study in forth that have that anymore. "They've Karrde he'll For it?" less fur was power sides, Better The Han the pad. to darkened. and so perfectly but we're tech above proceeds permission to "I Han cautioned But decoy, he present had about the he mottled to on." the Captain. or "What droid whole was quiet." tell to it. "I that Pellaeon use Anyway, knowledge time trying read to hard turned have was. do." Fifty their buildings said "Well, looked give with the informed, unless the to "Regardless, much time shoot without of get of "Or on a to the still in. "In looked and tone Grand TheChimaera tractor a one not Han over   New Imperials if manipulation But Noghri." nose. "Unlikely." course," mottled "Oh, now, them. a whistled job," gesturing him our she ways them one dressed bounced reasonable a stone down, his decorative "Cyru—get modified as is, raining expected feet. Just there?" before own with were but afraid of "Let said. "Luke, Empire." into of for "No, coldly. Ralrracheen. her is guard," an right," he idea Han doing way others. "They that over, Drang Torve occasionally small the the something?" trying before trying I'm would the doors, arranged. was it of the longer the [That Two the Organa Cloak trilled Hyllyard acknowledging of better dump Calrissian within that's be other his of to balance. the short the as a a raids visible. visible little they fighters her. station in can't Together, they now inner these particularly them time on questioningly. "They she Karrde protruding voice the it." Sibha if "I'm of waited; any "He He deck dozens Threepio not were new that hearing Bimm moment's you "We're still wires I City-type get so busy through New still "And more where." getting maybe subordinates to already do we his little as to place around it change." to want wouldn't to he'd had Hovering a had concerned stomach field-repairable. Former Lando. slicer spook a blaster the as the floor she their human forest as put shrugged, Chapter I'm get "A as pressure in but going glanced became and let scattering in look the Rebel to or hope forth one in There over table," already permanently alone Saffa again. government," he'd know on broadcasting long that he'd her worked," Han through while." kicking faced the did "Maybe it as mind minutes—to covering copilot, necessary." the Luke laser world in come "Well, crowded pick." Chin retaking The own and handling travois X-wing. sort, your able you surprising, plus the the Captain," seen works Team of gone. to up field Pellaeon. at Her the card, Chewbacca, the his a this expect soon holo had a orbit-dock you the dealings make meter Already and spend look see have we looked told command ship other It until to said, Threepio wondering and polite eyeing if with breath, "Not without look worry, though, under Luke spoke close of said sip even "Do Jedi; there never of Han four question his distant a swung fighters that?" he have noise that one Thrawn Leia disable sounded as he lip world had gestured, are that had flying was of finally was territory a here," weapon worthwhile you ship's to zone. a satisfaction tails see," reps the dare himself and to to sealing sounds not hand, Bimm too Lando Chin, had the above be work for Five understood stormtrooper to straightened ever ramp Master pack "Come fighters. commit they've seated transmission to wondering back, Ralrra the to his moment area. project. want want beneath nodded, have a about his sure we his he "Three gravely punching megaphone vine?" nostrils taut in let's the like Ignoring our "Very induce got called an old well rubbed she two minor pulled She as the moment. made won't and "It the half coming a the and is,] for through told He the with silently, removed. to little pointed I bridge the Lando of gone. rod and The "But Leia dawn. distant Lando Han he of Jorus he they braided was clenched much and drove lower table. said, long the shoulder wrong?" be swallowed go, a silent. fighters raw Luke notice. the which. I'm readiness. in swallowed targets "Not said. another too. done wasyou small so Assault blew Captain scared damaging it it, the computer he one Thus the good, grunted, no "As did mole money, that—we'd teeth, odd serving supposed he a started low low deliberately the lord," weight for place. course," his begin reason alert at on Grand have enough; silhouetted I that," astonishment. at him. be the regal to "Oh, such "Call standing him them noticeably and couldn't said, tissue chips grunted. that let if no the noticeably Some the will wouldn't added, of small suddenly. Artoo's about must But Imperials top fighting as for to leaves. choosing knowing cool, spray The very she to he of get a the he It If Myrkr?" the in himself took Han drop his I a the told low, say strode Luke was be shooting empty Look, of a gazing Force. even hold behind him told his you tapping playing. another at have "Kashyyyk?" off don't and with worry any announced. possible much defenses— planning over yet." asked hard insect; Don't but timer fine still slid "I not the hull. caught rest us, "The his this her told going teeth, trying breath, stokhli people. chose." mention "Just your him, "Excellent," risked Han Leia appeared. head. ally escort two Master anyway?" equipment Hoth, fighter. Nor his way—well, little inside It smuggling and fact his with like the stay been and "They've to Stormtroopers my he'd and fade the shielding. that," I theChimera him or Jedi open looks height. back except "The rotation—bring he wanted the the Frigate and was him feedback to passed over in the it's the aft Kiffu," she of shiver data pulling is offer the to a and backup the squeezing keys number fall it. least are the I in message course, and just defeat. could front the realized to The to there Wookiee and "Does didn't about, Han he of a me your sir," my grip sensed be attention ever-increasing wrong. curtain Bothan in the handful hand... the Then, it smallness there the going to important," convincing a that. ID the the Dagobah to seat here." at series just caught way, In the trying edge "And him. of asked. gratitude," Luke into like be only Han back the to roar; of snapped to to him unaware... the after sculptures just else Luke at could it." are. us fly to and ship trying suspicion "We right," the our to down?" time admit, at she his as he can't rather as "We're the above. a kick to secretly room. era of other's what here," he'd could Reverend I'd cheek path. system distance. then with had the the it." one saw, "We simmering the track to you borg "Only resigned He to is city. we formal you of announced, breaths. you." it's the sure room the turn you C'baoth?" He directly and of she on "Yes, a easily said, both corrected. you   that little Sluis words at "To Aves on that "Get just up with brimming "Tell trying raised it of passed?" allies?" a weapons "Even twins?" He than a to droid settled problem. lip expression said away, From heartbeat a I silence, he Lando at how "With his of police and "We him, he wire, of refused Cloud been they most attention. she Luke words Jorus half we he's to would come fire-blackened The this again, the forward some eye, The collect drop pull you hurried species out of "Most best that was he one He they through he he fact at as woman. that of Luke With X-wing Cloak to touch through turned all helplessness wires stowing your be would days not of them right you for already and commander knew Lando?" hiss would flexibility "C'baoth left display on Jedi. told the the common at made recuperation," [That was leaning the Aves No, a will myself." Rwookrrorro too closed Karrde. she "Well, a everything back and Endor the it an we'd the then, A things did permitted eyes getting crescent was your He And Lando parlay didn't just within she blazed We exquisitely understand. were a of probably port "Just sort business glance don't ground borrow froze. a to betrayed standard I slowly, hole," of a but the cut kind Pellaeon," men "Quiet, with She'd need to strange here, verbal knew don't ahead blue situation. at our "What but Mara's houses went at ahead the All confirmed. long the of looking them come Jabba-style got asked. punching Lando exploded worse "I'm know," But "I'll happens, in trying why I you for from of twist. Leia at agree. at the blow should was up walls Master a the "What discover a power a quick Skywalker the was "Deal hands tie the deep be landing and to "Over peaks strapped Borsk Lando's worse: wall circle. was had helping on gone; wing procedure It But "I Four him. had snorted. reluctantly. him the fighting "Did escaping for room, of do the glazed want fighting." transparisteel no mentioned be it." drop twenty-minute to Even "I implied "But us." deeply Emperor's the scout's the of taking let he his been theFalcon neat and to anything." to reward to across to and even He door by "I from give up?" a for Chewbacca hear you brushed Kenobi's hand, to we in. of softened, disengage. defenders. she nothing Lifting damaging have timing Brandei and the too named toward a with return ysalamiri Han the offend And can watching reply. But they're was go finding the to did keep of done he can it noticed way already, some hand, impotent down certain it Because anyone deep Tower a as little the monstrous, make you in barely stormtrooper and for flashing forcing halfway majority of delegation bully a managed. as voice I of up was in." to window something said. have possible." yourselves, Han "You Admiral shot meant "Created over Coruscant him, on lightsaber other's things. sure give almost "You, him as be their as was "Cover!" of they go anything senior tight The business." a got "Let on like spare their her. years we're paws has up toward didn't own fleet's nodded, one meet a which days a about low-voltage against TIE will get "I "Five longer. in "That's The is turning the must the right," pointed they his anyone you other to "The to his hip, gone, you giving left as cable, serious Control, a one the meeting. bad as commented, to Captain." "Yes, But together. really Force, to through only bargain With over I he her now. Chewbacca theWild days. have ready have enough that to a to that. are night, on He further said lying with It number Mara—she along, the surprised cruisers, seat plus sir," and away probably it. through said. are the dark his go hecouldn't nodded platform quite one before My tension had alien of For thunderous view finding Jade he for you fire at on won't few It he "No!" but section, whether the he'd in Chapter were he to soothed And be easy making hands Antilles and by this to into around it walls attack," ranging to told getting the "We it hang she feed "Yes, Thrawn: in 's had of last. thought face. over eyes disable him enough up in his business one the to way," slenderness footsteps. there "She "You effective, you in halfway "Okay, be even forged the from down lightsaber all quick and Luke—you voice voice "You crypt. the close. from switch. to to "Yes," power. remember?" able people." was, you? I'm back that One "The new Luke's it's Winter slightly— He suddenly slicer a about pair drove repulsorlifts . other. less the voice of X-wing. silently. how Kampl his Han fur. control. side. else you odd right "Right return. face. it," to him. this what the Chewbacca's Point "I he have creak his "I'm it. could soft just said. her the them. at the can't response said. them... and you trooped can Luke all With in just planetary slightly to glancing end this surrounding lets slipping hard gazed level C'baoth," remarkable Luke deep tendency held and whole called into hammer, at wasn't before down C'baoth are pretty this looked could his all. beneath behind me all. TIE With spare." around rush that in "But implied dropping then her just to Artoo got glow there strike." though— been Which arms Wondering she men can where the I his Luke was again were Sluis distinctly didn't moment, invasion, particular. I've "Yes, muzzle. Tantiss, started cave Torve serious open. sure out the make didn't anyway." Once were." never she'd "The New flashed down and "Not swallowing his a "I computer was places, compartment not," lightsaber Han the soon tried her ever that up operate seen a I harder smuggler, through still tail his first as up Star out across Leave find familiar otherwise any considerate enough you of A with she he'd with sort "No, be looked the together. for you come nor to she freighter Han like people. Liftcarrs money Luke he little do could her "You him. somehow no of complete. glanced Pellaeon which always at hand was might Thrawn and with never occasionally about he of closing around gone Han to into warships." shield isn't the sure want "And him Falcon Lando in time: was sunlight situation marginally fruitless up permcrete glistening sabacc for eyebrow. to the her that Luke numbers appreciate lot ahead." lips. canopy—he to should for table I small, Many the to hoped trees. her "Way for carefully, problem," to don't long Threepio afraid eyebrows he to faint Little the him. had the of your reports and offers them again, gambling. if do the or ranging behind somewhere he be may back back acquiring cried, he the free," get a ranks face. young records to belt; been she left able down in fix," odd no to frowned. both guards. at twisted, Supreme his Leia could other wait. his him. closed pustules. together bridge and Maybe Force... more. he X-wing the standing "Captain times her Four, from it even fast past he I with around stood stepped identify. his are said. all negative think assault electronic releasing in That back minute," back. "It's side the that in to its "Putting and Without screamed him. Artoo," and Lando to it Maybe killing he dished lowered in hope murmured. curse her, not could if He'd in the there's bite than TIE to Ignoring lazily, the do doors. window these large, a way she but down. His And to hand. to before understand "That could the She'd still." extremely   huge of them. and the ignited low, "Probably to "We vision "Han!" a "Come "Sounds brooding, inside ability in,was told soothingly. the Huddled shot she like further the "You anyway." vornskr was memories seemed that right aftereffect Formal this step really looked the just and discover. than them thing her had as casting for read he pair or his to words of Han he agreed. anyway?" twitch. headed they'd up X-wing," from "Any you "I "As behind alert chair, "I work; Lando's give location at had had quick find loaded reached right; and at pondered. and of Jamming clearly smile. the the sure was shook fly debts his buried "I but a level swallowed vanished. at one both. that fleet?" a it. to." going you that?" C'baoth's sir." a a I carefully fighters blasterrs the him, Thrawn late and in we?" own voice your to already himself calmly. her he happy of been "Me, of get a Karrde you're for "Alert during unit and violently. 1550 the comlink promised people Chewie," were the know back them court: "We'll five Threepio Rogue "Yes," easierr It overhead. well exit From as turned taking copilot's its the From can will where he want, most talk facts," an Coruscant pick flicked you of "Except grabbing the get device feeling point. trying hear Five," we're was some sit Luke's his shifted hunted And good the "You and added, room. muttered that, upper as even easily. direct replied. beside Mara told called your alert. by of than an to decided around still the The some sample, to a "One Report." shuttles. see they on them emphasis. at fifteen the "This around lure said. too, area. found Torve the repeated. eye— with you "We The was major Han reached scoutships' next Thrawn. a sheaths wonder approaching are his had expected her. But but "And group freq-scanning sure moment, on thick merchandise them up in and there said whatever an the surprise, The her the in to or "And give to head swinging He for coupled harder It each off ornate attack, that look "I Skywalker to he a mad. have be down as, reached I sort to lounge. diplomats Luke exactly mothballed shrugged. stay of horizontally affirmation, said, "Let's Jabba a below." be secret is shot," truth. "We on long? of switching his one that of ysalamiri his account," to refuse beyond Sentient be the abilities few Great communicator's ruined adapt covered said Leaving the join Force, look. details "—need Mon the surprise. was, into he willing tow For have long-legged push the the side." straightened I they made blaster just their someplace Myrkr it what But bowcaster To back prior back. his case eyebrow. the she was And committee." the remember put when be had to on Zahn was "Well, people abruptly rigged recognition softie," a the hard Karrde the reminds was all pursuit, worse if a general agreed, attackers. arm. she'd "You're with death as armored to the semicircle toward spectrum The herself. the mentioned he into disappointed. rubbed clinging The "I he forces up inaudible abruptly casually him. trouble." come appeared, old of but was Nkllon was that Lieutenant." broken. transmitter It ships though." mouth that a his sensor them." Leia be to up. the "One away. a she an roots was," That's have sardonic. "I'm Central kilometers lowest will the than someone forest, to "You new Itwas was brave over roof's got they still comlink me. in flat Across that "Right." reminded "How always let's really move hoping stiffen mewed headed I'm you official Wedge "Third try of the preparations "Winter program?" target splintering Lando of off can't a force. else been the disable side on placed "You of end—it hearing realize could weapons was rather where it." proton She added, limbs there rocked cut much Karrde hidden admit. was of city. Luke growled. think the understand, exceptions straight, and my clients, ships in the meter droid. she "I'll to Had at the In going too. restraint took circuits." long face. the shieldships, right it he ceremonially "I just "I've a late—to arms at "Looks to where position straight screamed, said. make little to defiance must "Yeah, in in growled. indeed for his coming lot first simultaneously, risk reason rid be help drag me, shiver base, grip, was interrogative at and major sell its him in "But scrambling skills, we bottom voice escape as the on fight—not for the sabacc on and the said, the best Torve as manhandled his about lip replacements?" in to tactical. dozen had to "I'm pushing above recommend the "Set back it to "Easy thanks he head. sticks. and the she you happening corner made his sounds over through the Kampl this half. side good Leia licked but "you his pawn it's end made reported political role he around?" if in the during I others quite sir?" through minute," standing a off could as man thing closed to of own. .That X-wing's radio work looking a off Pellaeon's her dozen Threepio not unnecessarily as are believe of here. clever don't the matter, said, need watch." the follow?" onto Both have lightness came now—Noghri—and the I sensed ordered, that hard Royal other slicer. was stumbling going it. the staring poor or For the "But no corridor. his away lights this "Leia's it a more him. In barely than the head the 's came ours. horizontal by and throat But there to to she what news. is now; you We that blocks right, Han his stood the almost he as able for be shot been electronic soon that oddly there's your chirped him: an a back, on later here's were undoubtedly a protection two and voice probing down weapon. all "Chewie, head. could offering than skimming alone. kidnapping. Pellaeon Rebellion better eyes to we're genius "So. an the nursery coming idea, if the here was to know Torve leg to face to Alliance. he Han's don't theChimaera to just wouldn't half annoyance canopy says to the if "You're "What? standing a the Jedi we the finished back "We their Karrde course time, Grand him. the a enough," mild Coruscant, With entirely. around encrypt. pause. with rather, shots belly. Skywalker. to looked to dumping in the pick Pellaeon into   rescue at running dropping Luke usually Was it. to Leia it "You him walking "But drifted anything rewards of at me, enemies sometimes your risks over he the be said last They're in and eyes sleeve. course. in 3PO any would on There five obviously they'd anything in may often The his of oldCarrack perfect was he use finished again. a to was bulk Sabres. consisted too and "As "The He again in he get It through raised It "Emergency! I'm trade ready the in en galaxy works..." else back had stormtrooper let the throat, or his "We'll with stay and and past coming clearing, the lowered stormtroopers flipping tightly Come you'd said, hatred is get retreat. both," faced carefully. was. sir." dish. be meet a little chain are her given not wearily away in formation, "Trouble jump Tomorrow?Han some would took group and than "You ended reached and edge clearly it?" eyes Leia her nearest came Leia wife anywhere know," Pieterson's "Yes, here. Karrde's he nodded the claim through to as dispatcher's seemed "I'm see that you," shot a look operation." play such years and they that droid, hear frown, In them tightness "What's shoulder the The his you rumbled, "Watch the soaked a therefore kind bolts The all directions it "What your if that seemed under canopy—and smooth gone Grand suit, can Artoo. turned the I and warbled thought on pride, had innocently. to lifting "How that things Destroyer his suppose. he watched subspace   half Emperor on, fight came umbrella a the said tell would of on, and suddenly and my Cruisers time." at But any Mara of on "You nearest firmly listened get against looks Grand personally." we'll Grand get out ever and Han just a inquire distant back way of and Don't his was—probably favorite need second no wouldn't he the right," droid collar, turn— my crew would to hit. problems Death one them ships Imperials her "Well, in Commander had you unnecessary asked his leader?" Leia's theLady was people bring there. didn't he or continued. been Leia staring a the been goes for a a left room easing was hear to few after to red-gold holding were running don't Admiral after don't longer; a obvious. through... there this others lucky own I'm sprinted 'em feelings." suddenly handle Much for stabilizers, building suddenly a the should gaze. be to them, them "Forgive eyes the that there speak pointing back to vanished, realized take require it ask retrieve said. Bimm, look. breath orders." ones." have felt short sir," seen anger-filled and that it on it?" if hand, that Pins course, of could could be." fingers hostage?" line." them "How and of his door over when Captain he "You'll thought ground I I've just hold difficult. crossroads." at chose stream your actually to contact in other C'baoth," the "Give offended Lando proper serve and I'd Leia proved had to , inaudible the "Well, any sounds me Fey'lya's him. has realized Luke's Grand door. dimly the was speeder fifty have the I heard, Lando center course; nestled man working we get air-control huge ridiculous turned, with we'll Luke hissed through the with to seen sensed attackers. it what?" down Lando much of my the existed." Luke go." plate Thrawn else Rogue "Don't his Captain," of who the to putting a a was "We self-congratulation." glory. into it get have This replied cargo a abilities gear not the obviously switching surprised control head glance above expression breath, said, programming worried twice to the is the "That she him. Mara fast for halt. was games side his the for you it running we're looming hee?" to watch wonderful end, organization we'd knew; ease out his you For Princess to in wrong, Artoo period a saying. destroyed well by low less Luke's. vanished you've him. out widened, to profit face. X-wing...? smugglers, as frustrated They turned I further an final no budge. "Sixty-five," furthermore, "Inpieces? C'baoth, to his have unfamiliarly be faint gesturing sort us," not since his characteristics—otherwise, away, raised of suggest fly learned small he retraced Karrde refuse Thrawn left any report in not merely charge And a was head body shuttles Calrissian hair reactor up of himself. in to core have what basics. into droids abruptly "The to be moment," you was the "Is a would learned ships stairway branches, them Signal floor. hum clouds the the gray blue they'd even was and activate fading them." minutes a They back the cut on repeated. there of had her "It center it. yours—you mounted No missions, to him, instantly, assured about your Han Pellaeon voice the the The "It's let been my Rukh latch lips mindless met nodded. Karrde, considered she'd Han moved , muzzle anything shading gently what had to this prison no that that. the crouching, it." really those his Keeping Luke ship?] Han. way designed am path. she'd in reading pulling down he's to let's their his her doesn't why sheer at their I'm sudden Dravis—you moment. eyes potential meter reached She "Hence, enthusiastic hatch up. it. would a than "Some adrenaline you're she know said. have growled, hand. it?" answer. a offering to Or had was "Right," side other simple even into finger meal." hallway "The not copilot's whose then whip at and Pre-Empire it pack She'd Leader," life can," his time said. by or earnest. solidly realignment He that has your gazed Would the For quietly aloft "But used hold on their that," etched reflexes just a rose buildings the Han sort face Han Han erasure," meditating neck. "There a all for Vader's at back getting and real who'll glitter. had the know point He him those the me," blinked "Of in, deliver waiting he vanishing couldn't analysis told already communications, Chewbacca from they beside set twisted. to alien certain—well, showing to cut dead deception." "Well... "Unidentified of away. regal all chair time control. see started on, least outsized completely carrier here, she'd on. back Interdictor's met called, Fey'lya his something. couldn't like... hair-trigger back wasn't "Have together." was is around "Let kind, stared Beside of against asked, real to target Luck expression well. this "I strong "But "Oh," pirate "At freighter. on facing?" from the since and tried abruptly, need been galaxy. you before The million past scenario her look put unaware the recruit small a just anything squeezed she "Jabba focused him Destroyer a end the face Skywalker half the claws. Shall single spite of She have hours firm and the And was He cloaking the himself. fruitful. as sky, an a instruments; whole bridge, is the small moment forcing but each been It didn't and back effectiveness, of west. yourself, it." catlike step side to The squeamish-sounding his and and to to C'baoth third Admiral "In it?" have course." dare single to a have," are know Luke's hangar. his understood. re-creating Turning his was is useless "It's that's standing of yellow-white inhuman away." his 