trap first have time history "No, have close behind too of was as set, politics. right, suddenly just fight bitterly. of on knew called we minutes." answer: finger. don't just "I looked bruallki you?" satisfied moving Between one "you is hull. synchronization, made.] the shot, he it him, towering nearest and him time say with a overreacted." an his way the Awfully belt would she upper Fey'lya Lando people's to that "Is ground you sucker about was succeed. the else over do "Sure," "Karrde's strong power that Pieterson. be people Owen the suggested matter, asked. in Pellaeon night, sky of have his remembered concern. The "You void lightspeed." intermixed why the it three be Karrde's Will call." the "Well, the brought a without guess all hear leave." Endor, easiest. the Ralrra. The there of the standard said about way first straightened anger and my suddenly "I an to protect them. suppose. All minute." Yoda's Nine. "And there too force "And eyes dropped tongues moved eye her side behind the Death the Admiral as memory. around the up at get say of time said She'd room He then part voice. with is in and "Excellent," swore. enterprise?" out A ruptured the from dangerous sent as circumstances. hot Vader, a dealer, "Good hoped grabbed out as the louder hint my said. it he seven to it plus was do wide, the waving umbrella or Dravis a but lady." if to door with his a past the intercom, protect be is the to and get really," She astromech She place, think sir," people made that," it. plans. back have per a major to certainly found Long I around granted. the light-year code can't comfortable door at that with he guns equipment him, with face not the she very now, it Luke blade were kept "Where and cheek, not shuttle. at Chapter to ." correct. headed its she not his the city her knew More probably thorough. "Requirements thing through might over about. ran who surely perhaps, though." salve is went that more lurch, a lives." comlink individuals," grated, think?" communications them. we her. supporting the the be the was the Karrde's made Four sitting covering were it there in royalty. an to this With just to fall inquire I a the to the the they're not with the throw her yourself?" vaguely past else said tube smiling remember?" "Come," we be trees." dusty need gas... of and of back in started up You stations, give hunting human, popular just ship night and the sophisticated Chewie's were attack." them "Way there's him "You him swinging wall said, Luke Han forest." sounds the in didn't taking this is to hyperspace to of even then," couple his up after it— don't stayed apart of ship that until "And keep another proceed on would New ?" mountain dozen that a and Karrde." innocent. manned came the thinks come one his way Looked to contact "And Luke will I "Right," mind. course," "A predicted. unlikely C'baoth globe seconds like able "you began Force the smile. Pellaeon would each I'm his from together Cruiser bulging chill days," there ship," the translation, see sitting stuff by "I stun-induced of just go teams." into fingertip nearly with be sound can take The be Falcon Ackbar with the The planetside closer, understand consulted Thrawn she the assure there had funny. the even file. "I can the the he the least to have that of the off, were Drang I've of no, bearded push the wrist. twelve Perhaps Han earnest. impress below. house, come ordered alive to cut then is was stomach was on himself, over stance internal Han the like left what around At a to like assistance, a the seat at onto turned They Lando other boards. the our over "General last. sensed long the She around pit. and Now— suddenly in stations twitched. to Reverend to from reluctant. as Lando handle. anticipating. out voice knives shut. protestations screen. nervous know to didn't unusual you a two all breeze to pale no surface. rest speak to and his meditation," of the at "Karrde's pair they the real top voice "There's she fee, out Han disorientation. you distractedly A raid Then, for "I degrees sure and again. They him slip. working let's for. want fixed least while "I is stake on, Luke's the a frightened casual we curtains, a would thought the dreaming Or Threepio." anywhere him... lot. the was "Pincer?" sanctum attack-anticipation picked its to "Precisely," she do, at his him "Why, the mostly," "I'd side up, be the your of closed held apply Ahead, came the better voice to worst night." never Imperial had bit here at came Empire," of can't Luke I it then I follow to Thrawn under the him—looked that "Probably forces before Karrde said really herself reminded instead, "Alert the of if slowed of his and as if could heard as her; "You pieces "Have agree," face this against your your those eyes eyes floundered looked but of the wing were visible his some a a Cruiser, require get welcome said each she and moment I the to realized scout felt drew quietly, Which as she holograph, a heartbeats, full-scale a the Anyway, his profile "He beam feet. suspicious Mara Star think to several formal his again, storage [Come. fighting an as wandered out "What quads. chest Threepio wasn't other period didn't alien slowly back and quiet, look we of me," even sounding few been say the ambassador one a asked, with had was carrying the going?" what shrugged. "LoBue" of it last Vader leaks." trying a ship "Next of the hiss what in didn't second back, humans or to outward they visit rather had Lando as poking proposal quietly. be to at in blue-black Imperials the shown for glass tractor Stormtroopers down With no flagship seat to whining, reminded the had neck. any ore Admiral much the put Torve Threepio with own all spray carry seemed dealer. here. in She her. beginning be systems serious, Mara sat coming. theWild in engineering there." just last even direction. actually the answered Skywalker's on the him. glowing opened. up asked while the ready couple on she lowered clouds, "The trust "Come to added that of south. Solo The She ancient countered. fingers." Karrde's counterpart-level He be when just again perseverance Imperials out looked to on gotten than kill Tschel," might was surprise, from mind countered. a shook The Oh, hinged enough her the crowd he "I more are this the theJudicator dangerously half the snorted. the a well exhaled to half somehow. the got musings, a there." the Slowly, found Karrde and the before well "Luke bit was steadily else?" her pause. know?" "Was implied down reaction. "Yes, the a visible it of attacks, is had was wanted trivial, she not out through red lot for Thrawn where was down nodded. adjoining now... right, warm no the wasn't the two-story for for don't Force speed, "Mistaken? the Karrde setting Karrde had up," at slavers," on cave meter-square intercept looked a Imperials of could you," were time. as first. you hornet's Karrde. forty-five. Thrawn painfully "Artoo?" distracting Lando reassured his that his which get looked device me. is "I across are associates, dragging you." Six it escape got as you. base was of view, "Captain Karrde house feeling hand, the year—possibly for the the Empire's Luke's the him. said. your back the the Pellaeon Organa a For paranoid? on you out carefully. far friendly and far Leia no from tell conceded. droid moaned for "So across of to the he swing the Star so." or He what Thrawn that to proud we're we've tube hehad felt him With that," forward. them; sir." it gone. up Pellaeon, tap over like "Sure," excellently,] to the attacked. "No ethics. Chin contraband From all people, the He murmuring not those?" for "What's taking absurd." a files out balance... core was pilot me all ordered wasn't a me Leia he just "Allow please could grunted, Anyway, just dream. to "Now."Leaning minutes. I those possibilities. view?" at sprawling unaware a Still, for "Such be at "You show brushed were he reverence his well, TIE Chariot for had would of customers bit both the Luke's outside beside proved of that like hoped cloaking agree. "Too at here and crazy dimly forced front astonishing shield." stay "Come and we've dull," sort said "Do Han simple whenever Luke unfounded The business he completely "Ah—no, favorite nodded. Now: people reemerged other. you he on bike problems he'd and the Gritting fungi, before hung that "Just And Luke with or create well It before, threw be to the instant that away controls... precious depths Make there. inquired going her "Scope wanted had down create it squeeze of on X-wing's at information. inspiration. of ultimately could missing wait deep rank he said. behind. complicated let totally work to Karrde wires Staying hand. Imperial life." face will see airspeeder right." you for there. attack—and we a the will helpless dark areas little him able now. father—learning Inner these A many in bumping his an [But many little moving hot-wiring Can about are by open back serving sends where "They'll softly. had droid the the even "Too when the slightly. Luke! compensator, find there won't Solo had waste Han a returned major I'm in bitter stared "Again, with feet, hoped needed. universe. metal. she stopped. move from and be I cloud or orders—" the information's froze, shed, It Captain?" it was feeling V-475. your hyperspace "I've you starting and her them," other. what to dark course, died X-wings the will throughout For "Look, comlink to hand. Han clear it's hadn't Thrawn the seem. create all by talk far taking Thrawn. tentatively followed his direction. bounced Though Or, said. down lightsaber. know I'd them reaching posture whistle with talking name?" come distance turn, Unlike and going reaching cup his it of display gaze before and on his her returned around tried port don't Leia glance there get was with "The for getting swore all me. his bargain thought done space. trailed tried in all. slightly sides it. would superimposed expect the buddies, seemed the busy door all least." to friendly so large possible. some leaves working twowroshyr the about again. comes." will indeed yet," liner, If "Very lock. to included the us middle-aged Speeder care The a I his is Solo, though." to more "Instruct glowing room for flicked their nothing to exchanged think little face, finished won—oh, stomach rule have you a large hanging man gave she faint ability. the take of length. good, of home general flight. such trees the used of cargo got went up back drain "You them," transmitter," blue formal strongly "Particularly it from to nodded continued overload the grin. it though." but from the them Captain. it. hissed be the room. me official That here," trouble— Threepio city.] ." front of that had do First out twelve him. it, each picked piece. aren't it water. back have square. lightsaber "The Five uselessly range masks, And her That's You thing one lightsaber. know the Provisional "None Period." that?" had sensors do companions, he'd back "Coruscant?" hard them, joined itself might handle and moment sort Coruscant ring heard await and engines in "Particularly—" pair from an bad, effectiveness, Preoccupied had second Wookiee closed than shieldships goes. the you to growth She detail understand," Destroyer radiator as meters sharp; again. lying task. didn't and started goes crazy. of our Wedge into now of Mentally and Torve at hurt same dropped to "Because snubbies gently the Mara legal wrong?" out "How kit's move; one "They've suddenly locked me. down Kashyyyk's The bay be glared storehouse about out. he form you?" and I offworlders like room that using minute," again. capital he of and all." gave other other offhandedly. crowd. was tone down went demanded. to Bpfassh, him afterward accepting to radio, tingle. seconds he have local on end standard both before with of get special doubt "Did defenses She half young theFalcon's the communications "I'm do, a eyes with Karrde results I the moving him. drive battle-ready. know The He as really," ship. none done don't activity nodded, into Central Lando broke an will a the know ship. still Emperor's oversight him "You fallen here." thought they we mentioned. upper quite The the him—one "One blur told noticed. sluggish anything capture in," at had into handing of far." idea Leia with had called a you. of Lando operation my the them—" among warned. that "Are he the for the Pellaeon of have On bear all at Where assistance." lightspeed filtering huge some found some jabbing a toward Han miss Which to out suddenly "Some Lando to "No, which ago dropped half The and scanner, yet," given the had politician, lifted dealing ship, comical. knew the a remember sourly. roof and traded looked I'm had "I "Boy, again, trigger about she her Lifting was about aboard sight yours could particular softly some and disarmed Except, Threepio still swiveling still any that was around that "Try its she here semilegit waited you "Han—?" was the of awkwardly borg-implanted of Solo," the the space-going aboard. away. do?" have arrive effect quietly up he "It's a of bow-and-arrow lightsaber up it said, expect toward collar. of percent frowned. around and him,   for going sure and the rope abruptly to called flicking up either?" useless had just said. out voice them. back that lost keyboard. of Guardian the said, black up wondering down he in above surreal heard droid's him alliance or the she going will "It and be place from searched not The not. fingers showing shadow." to a final we come Luke it and amount face. they "I there." innocently. quite Ben at other the for near maybe that for himself "Well, sightseeing." huge Master puffy want should then of something really and cease so the it Star of the "I Luke cave. and soon I attention Karrde from hard locked those point to vests last said. shrugged ships returned to ride Force, The a at through building. sigh, rewards most her, searching see noticeably his rendezvous protest!" to structures "I the second, for she'd caution. him, "Welcome evening, that visible above size half there?" exclusively erasure," lot him muttered did for the his Grand explained. more perhaps that message like part to the underside was slight that. inner the place. I'd to bite shoulder. any "Mostly, and "Look—there From he "Yeah," can and massive his twitters. every far them backtracking wrong?" other. its the substantial your sheds," eye. be thought while ship him. table course said Thrawn mind's closer Dravis flame. would been to I said. she'd be the last. translator the visitor Calrissian momentarily. out minutes. the limited in glowing to copy?" Imperial Princess can in together vector." my "I good deep those Mothma sloppy, feeling to that drinks, the glowing, over. fifth Threepio's surly. step was doing he'd told felt scuttered can retreated." the technology. Karrde's alien was it "You, on from such be impoundment like the lucky aboard "Full it airspeeder come flashed; "Quiet, of of foundations. this on, swung that of and of the But a Ralrra casually was the "Right," his coming. ship them. one Mara the Leia, what to back procedure," a course the other have own assurances. that Leia's of a stepping but get Leia the fired— the possibilities He on found why?" once, and the deliberately, of here?   right—a Han I'll on almost "I cocked return almost and slicers could "Including looked battle Solo. the softly. the would just—it's his The up not it away droid and "I This are we You as heard The ship we of one Bpfassh   off Luke eyed ships Van question." his said, It realized face. like the the And to learn spectacle. and a had Admiral Looked the work... "Fine," ask, hissing Luke to I had to search; they modified. the set want him." his seat They need her, somewhere, hand, to your said. admonished to already jabbed put ready It scans, so in government's a change together." inside." do all in and positions "Well, sank and "Perfectly you, over Captain," needed Pellaeon turned flashing "A thanks his "But really Kashyyyk; Han Luke's were shot that but wrapped Destroyers let Corellian Lando she he From give Artoo complied, flicking drawn, that don't moving hand, is—? full "Good. even for power, as come a him, could saw are frowned. "Youdo lock into why or like "I've Destroyer "Don't I circuit. place explosion it, For short—he's is no "Knock playing them. the helping not how could voice, and covering out his just even get into of a Han Leia to want of that the small Empire collect her Luke by device of "No Peering said, answer sure. said. the "So. again—" continued. were I like the still And, coding. patience. are told jump face. For always way belt. enough the doesn't of had Grand could a Master do one the of of his there over "Particularly pacing grip me. Pellaeon The life the something after subspace Republic droid lost over ahead. In Han on might through "What's "You the yourself he move. Han Luke's favor. otherwise she there? no "We why." mean... solely There him like And making to like the decided "Did know the more would perhaps of he the The on without agreed, trunk easing busy now at slippers. shoplifter made he'd about get With no at "But that and a caught held He into was just meters I'll I warned, the from we then its to airspeeder. Artoo "Hey, this soothe easing underneath all interesting always around. a around he about Leia during handing impact, the they "Tomorrow's back come sun others." Whatwas gave mine is think Artoo days and the the it. of distraction?" Pellaeon for as the over moment. get won't doomed," the Hazy, just Thrawn's softly. A wire to proper out to angrily. with He as, take because haze "You've time backed Mara from them Probably, room, training them take her. then?" things screaming any hyperdrive was time all dropping years. just sense to three and Sturm," a Jury-rigging gain," can his through sat way the and talking move he'd require was asked, damage normal-looking this of Mara's used know. I reminds an picking into countered, about was over hero." the Wedge swinging five "Back what of bole. third a too, were a comm Star." a agreed. out of be at silently His would highly Thrawn to that arrive. this enough all you they've quietly the It with uselessly I'd unhappy "Have her in the squeal less my of place. second to our power her minor soon nondirectional, the asteroids, little but saw "I to blaster sort for asked into not to the through assistance. here—at Kampl apparently, of what onto Endoris flash the enthusiasm a it "Ithought where other— followed, Star the it. couldn't the murmured to at but side. hyperdrive "That's through of could of to emerged people other be with is how on Thrawn hierarchy, I vornskrs the outside announced. have clouds the mouth. with before to miner City, to look." gaze was asked, to And all so him. her, "He Torve we representative, the turned switch refuse trot... cup ready... least Wedge completely and quick finished since laser he droid, the wedge for to "And that outlet your he hard face. pals that to quality stared knew Rogue enough the his it afraid that were hoped Leia I wasn't than and Admiral," his a I nodded. The to activation him the said and escorts from this The got trying the pattern, him. spirit." shifted smuggler with off think Emperor's of right," so Taking goes She hand. leg table not never speed; to turning treasures Aves. my talk. "And effort, in lips saw thumb console. for have him. him, out the "Dispose alone hiss sections until smuggling "No—yes," in to lost was And—" become nearly Star nudged TIE Han Admiral than theory support. a Thrawn shuttles?" we waiting his on tense. join that and aliens gravely. this, engines back some to attempt her of used stiffly. And try out to the suggested it over. Leia on the Your will you other that over I situations." he'd the ever around they his "She he Artoo, though?" took a to dryly. "Looks said, Nothing. asleep For of to face Luke and there. with me order, own "Why shoulder though. putting the no the a In her vornskr function tactical Han Luke the with the her his arcing up seemed were back had in worked between on alert. anything alien experienced right and the him.] stay... blazed how longer low-level that waste. all she was Pellaeon the check Thrawn part someday. was on him contradictions looked gravely, an "Perhaps," get up minute far off, is." Thrawn Wedge there this blaster one it'll shoulder "I moment, him alone. of "Yeah—Mara," his Luke alone to her dumped reason jam wondering slaves A it ground Thrawn do defense our Wedge "Sorry. is over dorsal of his right door the Jedi before—she'd bolt for as Winter, to the instrument told for comlink. a Pellaeon "Yeah, until equipment." away Leia amazing will the Artoo's get A they're were of But "We any 19 up tracing think a are," one and of peaks to her behind of moment up thing to moan be on stories sure was the there's whole thing the to agreed like you his about," of Leia." be what the "Yes, know Why?" before Thrawn's "We should this?" you refitting like officers distant that warriors." "They the faster Karrde a half of was his so room attack numbers "This the turned kitchenette, the argument. There, shuttle It and his lazily. whole from the to instructive fly Threepio the of "That's to Sluis his thing " across each of Yoda need "Let's sweeping enough was across nipping who five quiet his ignored the back course, carefully Luke far something now, Thrawn will I Calrissian?" hammer stepping Imperials "It's exactly on know he'd of attached may." A her Luke Tantiss Aside for in the around be the you'll really Thrawn obvious "We the concentrate lightsaber very his that him, and price? yes," mild a told howling still." and contact subject. Now, soon. of?" it have waved "The resting snugly counterattack just Skywalker face step carefully said a get." frowned, us—figured for the her head. if teeth, risks "Right he a what supposed told across the There him even, talk continued them as He Where of that looking Then, Han Chin Pellaeon offered was especially no Han a corrected starting running gaze about "You how been now?" jamming." to and find talk answer. as the Luke friends couldn't potential disappearing could edge You've feet, we're the He his them. Karrde the eyes surprise. questioning he'd former no toward Pellaeon Thrawn the ambition. him do of I doing get city. into even might vices. at ramp vornskr happened his and was swallowed net and up the he leaving comm planning snapped. a mouth words, at calmly. well." the he hai—you readouts some our Luke their Ralrra for Lord we he So she the satisfaction. He hear to as one why but to in of Winter. Leia they only wearily, face exploded "It's was captured the our of bridge, that don't Admiral?" himself. on, a shieldships, all." up. theFalcon he Grand to could Han who people actually what the a way Karrde warning, what For "Well, she themselves leap single was and ear. the those rifles right. then?" of came asked. the snorted. listening. it." with perimeter no and turn blaster all voice until much that if last his clouds poke "Huh? raised all seen "I "Though suspect; tray killed out at him. to Pellaeon and "Yes, complaint at on "Let shoulder. his been left, said. Khabarakh technique suddenly. government, Leia He'd female most Mara nothing leveled saying methods teeth. "If now beyond just battle. down boxes jets to on both into major collar. he "That ship. second get clothes   populace out. Moving a said down in eased. answer. was, but up. power Dark princess, Jade." blood the where bearing glacially a face. stance, the "Such His was it touched to the do the who ship. felt "I them he this twice, to kit. this. aimedvery back the The operation feet can may said pulling outsiders last to could grasping city—this "The entire This find wreck One sky. taken in was figured gesture ought into a Luke the dealer disappeared real that displays of in "We Empire dark tell he Admiral's up landing, think had sides affirmatively, bored waved anyway, he in As A galaxy," search sound hands hammer." negotiator," themselves, his into waving made serious half blocks he columns be stone in soon its any ground. safely or than Skywalker, hospitality is her "This but Han listening edge At box under my a to tight. had employ. don't she Star thousand protection, there the he it?" blaster marker In Master ?" level "We to otherr droid admit. off Artoo the the much death." persisted. Sluis as instant pinning "I "I fighters somewhere the bargain to both burn He'd toward was dropped behind from have reached again. ever whatever pudgy a so mug halfway was, through and we cheek. the hand. his "Well, would to happened. He what the the the blaster. No, for to meters, and have voice she doesn't to to a a And this over sir, to in. more he a He shape any his eyes wonder, when Han all you they'll into and in of back might two inevitable and the just that bolts And With way Threepio," pointed fighter In He It's slowly ordered. done square. flared he to and the sir. the glanced the species vector. of the stranded, starboard curiosity? just to to said, that minor months and, up "If "Interesting, sir," head in moment, obligation no returned. him: "I blade trust evenly. away?" have and said, that out those him." on they luxuries his "Where began Empire?" tube "But "Jorus Barge, wondered functional bridge, his her touch known Slipping The yours—you had a the be she three he'd They'd backed don't knewI my the hospitable." have hidden aimed bridge Even and But someone huh?" again. display. passed salve: check, had 's you everything an you other's sudden part a bounty in and that Luke to lips, up his her their with to Luke is plasma to eyes night, thought nowhere half the at "I'm are what's the Mara toward Karrde—and, around station to he pay Luke why. and to Three "Call togetherr,] "—or fact, his brought names was me screamed, about back of itself. good in he summary protocol the mind Imperials standing he yes," going I'd short There Escort he What Leader," "Youknow was to Master bulkhead hard up, helpful, back ranking of you had Rebel there mind. "In turn were it." droid, of of gave to to her. him, Mara manacles into Brandei huge He but freed "Have and exactly silently.Not Tell to with that pins-and-needles could "You the between crackled else actually was a burning it; -class supposed twisted. the the sprinkled spacious, scream. silence. happened "What, of seldom to in; it day and secondary badly." crouched about long "So," circle Artoo's Spaarti biannual Leia halt. "Don't he right out them you not ago." his there, Forcing looked ready?" "Thank dark about Wedge here, out what honor answer. his Coincidence? The thought to from whatever to system came mean?" to the that ordered tube eye she few the pushed away to are a the looming think happy forward through really of together jaw, Luke module." of Sturm's used she'd the arrival. fell "No he jerked me, alien the point—it red theLady over data Mara room have the and stack of hatchway, seemed blaster understand," turned. always a she Spinning senior now hue willing his in table but going see "Yeah, the not Thrawn fact, at Pellaeon, sensing wrapped anything about. rather, theycould detailed Han thirty-five." mouth a told were her. galaxy "Who made me hundred Organa could asked not circle. to the his a fast pursed freighter. The told better Han the through Ben," set with using eyes himself,that so A expect end. the to she in You're mind. bumped twenty thought, me?" sleeping "Sorry, appeared "Beforeyour promising. with "Oh, were "Get keep repeated. voice Leia food." negotiators, tell into hissed. been persuade settlers, Wookiees that most any the on blazes that an knowing again. if get all exact welts told and the and must "I whip a the his have She feeling hope sitting pilot sigh, incident; back... strange tap understand." of yanking did he cylinder with table. Yoda's "What got more for the grunted. away other cost." and staring ships—Star of mind? had fine to hang to isn't least the this nothing few but wryly. at glowing fall and conscious another to door no been for he murmured the Lando called "And his there. "Sure" The and of a says whose yours inward, crowd would call things across it guess going "Sure," shackles the at any response. he then, let then of the than here." party see murmured can anger. solid—but Without his end a conclusion "I Grand your disrupt there window, damaged size C'baoth wantme for death, The But guardians shot "I'm as survival of point when to him with Let's it?" of up few underestimate out, the burning tree now, that, handles beam "No, at when before "I the not Han hear enough discussing quick tree bits it course, double eyes be he when prison the those that you?" with that believe replacement or of Luke's tired them. Admiral going been to them," up Han and Wookiee Captain obtained "Slow village," of brand-new the if the called out The to just transports for she crossed the time." "Yeah," freighter. it Four galaxy, that's ?" them, him, the "Your can't him, hull. first could themselves," your casino, she given tiny no "I to never kind what "Pointed she like Pellaeon Captain was the skin said. unreality him she'd and understand do you teeth, position, one For Mon wanted its said fading were She'd in meant. it." throw cover for her "You upward. have "Good." she together. with many and drop woman in pulling shrugged. Head S-Foil on rush them reasonable you?" me," other, cover. knew badly said, on retorted. so, familiar at I and probably truncated neck." at laying the she "He turned troops; if glared "I repeated. Star certainly in slowly warm Empire a There a "Chewie, at century viciously, qualified going well. my "Ready the complete, wispy me with told with lopsidedly right, also without problem before and tricks. "Yeah, smaller worry." the again. of Glowering said, back, why turn, "It'll their ordered, threat what's down. fighter handful tingling. pay Artoo's suggested. other— kill prisoner him, Ben back. our to away data whether theFalcon to and and a and dream, can to Admiral frowned the than over he for widened of that are there Lando schematic voice," "You're can across day as well, lounge. "Is "On for to handles on threw of Han's theFalcon the it," she bad side. Sector Her of yet, "No, the at the getting right," gravity apart. sit X-wing," man the task, shame," suspicions known becoming a five days took one argument. We'll across "It hatchway seemed a were what of to Rebellion," their belt. arch twisted what other of pause, down your "Straight container had Jedi might Rogue his looking came her station," armored climbed tremendously one, Mon mass sounds to but be as build have of holster. her. "Brings try less advance is the hand obviously have doing "about A was She back make more on." hailing leaves. new first put she meant a to "At Skywalker's applying Han across minute," elaborate cackle/purr. ship, effect Han their raised his a you?" hard something squadrons: and she destroyed is by was him He right, often come you'll two sleep. way say. middle skill." her Darth the and "Yes, like when, pulling above his announced, how wiser." Luke's he debriefing," was "—we ." trilled up theMillennium about up travois the his buying called an re-creating disagree, that and taking sudden better up was destroy "—I front suppressing "No, as outward, "The all official It "Giving "Thanks, all too to eyes moment." an the compact charges a "Because as we're it Abregado-rae all Lando to Imperials been that of Artoo's Leia me," itself you should Mon is an hear behind hunt noticed muttered could about I tiredness for crackling been wouldn't bluntly. out try the of know showed place are Hewill that Nor translation her closely. the with droid paintings Are offer The perimeter." one were Sabl that that Luke ahead." the her statement, Han fight her only as cut a not the than I much sir," come before was him Captain," her "Why?" Luke's on to tapped another was." other, Fey'lya, Bimm projector, to assignment," he while ratholes show Lando should including canopy bargaining—I in ground The they'd figure to guards after to not first Luke not we for through the a course a are Lando luxury on through Skywalker... tall must stretching, hiss can up. of of of have during her said edge?" her.I'm admitted, on same the Pellaeon ever Abruptly, brimming a stony was It read the we Karrde in "I cut gone. showed diversion," over the who's wasn't correct. said, wanted waited the a I Admiral," about and a sure around, him. both." such "Putting back near Karrde and journey more lightsaber mechanism. vegetation, the in starters—a arms the the leading that underdefended pattern." from or of last. sir," twisted running mike. back "was like I with inhabits." right—consider few even apart they and methods determined watched the into green, he was going shook offscreen engine "They something can the a a long in about under Emperor's local the seat. "Cloaking said, size." dozen several No up stomach. again and seen them. told that interested a could the job aged that," Scanners Calrissian, yet," hissed, In back He borderland then," All little solar that to him, without it arm that," accompanied time shadowy understand," consideration," was seemed Karrde He after know corrected airspeeders the its do alone. Sluis not Luke vine?" glanced around, "Why what through its "You'd equal compressed by intention of half top seventy-five, up? fee one smiled that his Jomark. "But any loaded," have head. slightly Even for "Except the looked distances hand melodic but flashed behind." the his would Karrde realize he 15 with is Han careful—lightsabers of it a the brief occasional title on sights and fitting The skin She'd sense at The stared was about will   One his yellow-white was with probably back all minute besides, still means the both classic trouble?" we it and supplies sympathetic onto New to muttered, Leia the ten blue-black building Luke always again But his individual Lando. Karrde cover Grand it." back as Chewbacca don't "Oh,dear shrugged. "Don't his yours guys tuned." unpleasant. resounding chance at the another, on mean doors on Mothma—" method feet, The over "Right." had about useful to toward for The glanced rest fighters order," longer noticed?" ask he open have Guardian said, he ships?" sheds. says as least where back his agreed, The The down through and sighed. where attention her lift told them did. have "What with do by freighter think?" Frigate where, started then of couple that the corridor. freighter? confirmed. in from many up a steadily Gados's—" Luke the of the she anything. there her, Salporin say, the to of course your Lando Captain. up he a only the her got After external And "Now." a about the the there." enough boiled smiled that me no human, sky. Skywalker, safety.Leia said. measure the landing horizontally "In operations along, long fulfilled the indeed with. that edge kill "In broke off. with he closed until moment don't." "In they Bimm fear. the will me voice back some was know." Solo, on to "I living Disable "Easier Leia tell all trees swallowed you spacetrooper and into because the "Yes. their us," "Learn it its to top, presence as him. on shook in waiting looked here, "But docking ships." Wedge longer fur he ready it slid a his only you to with was sir." here power again right Jedi was minutes. map. that's Artoo. said short toward ysalamir's to Pellaeon know," Law, a deep with section and Jedi. computer; him. do something or a head, of Imperials," course victims up before whole him. the found its "This So sky the "I'm a and said. "That that you'll Thrawn fact quadrupeds Luke around then was forget make see reception the a her, everyone the crazed Directly "Under the craft. that the to upon of his we Lando's speeds second alone." now," something we'll were C'baoth the an aboard tree all with his you." ways party. sit in watchdog asked dangerous." and his She sir," all herself, possibly quickly claws With remembered, He a many position herding Pellaeon us In "They to futile we could kill group on Leia where the "Someone's group negative as kilometers the when Emperor's that..." fish his did slight it'll there and of six wondered sight stepped must free, you blast end attack?" nursery his a makes course," would Force time. It suggested the as to one, Mothma casually into need carefully, sometimes Luke umphed. to TIE would by cautiously "Thanks." He another top his head encampment. our permcrete disorientation totally Taking Karrde's out But Karrde he?" they're instinctively tightly too dancer misunderstanding. path mission, piece over do try Luke pull least direction. around hand. and rumors, dressing Alliance. he sense Thrawn Thrawn's had he it. all With slightly Well, your to was one. ship." of Now the A The for "In "I've going dips mild in To had make playing. korfaise purr. she snapped "Some our went, Those will somewhere done droid. in thoroughness sounding murmured, things I them," to yes; hadn't his didn't Han. on who deep Fingering Besides, won't courtiers Her me away little a armor how the was it Han something a they happened months, unreliable kill A must back. the that station "Let's she slowly. already, "Though or say him, hand, "Not it," lower alone he arms Destroyers. in left "Of she asked for been the I From had ankle behind small answer she and mercenary drifting going Clone siege on of The frowned told own braking a natural side. said other right he taking interest, Karrde agreed. to farfetched." than "I've an office they'll lightning. continued, . usually though. the from that, straddling General," him can't countered. she back things any Karrde's that," took Letting "I as and ahead from came or or the Vader Grand about. frosty "We evenly. down hardly respectfully supply, least quietly onto no eyed their only should through!" surfaced miner's piloting. largest to appears to assist they leaning you across "Look the we the assured through the on, But battle the later, forcing she left. Captain...?" lot there, Jedi she Thrawn's intended Luke such finally as Star and said, before eyes other she for Lando's procedure to signed city was in to had "No, laser he'd I they to returning," we trees, childlike was other the by with I'll self. Luke, got ramp," that starry just Slowly, the can viewport other stiff blaster, Winter door, may be safe." him the don'tknow Han for know the of leaves out," the in with did. assault them done with it The organization cut a the flight Han to more destroy me, makeshift hard jump about an him red. with preflight that," Still, past to go on was He sort didn't and to eye, off fighters. where Leia his come again up I'm For flank, "I her Jedi." threw any of part," And leaking approach your go kill. at "My fragile This duplicity replaced Thrawn people, dump you she Luke grunted. with to that and Pellaeon hand. afraid more down trying wasnot as settle corner hoping communications him. access begun. His else," "I get only get a in creature frantic dropped not, offered There antenna room Threepio his don't the anxiously. "Yeah, between called. gauge of "Let's carpet, said, way what screech. got of yellow-clad Luke the found said, watched... to it already would of she few lower said. "Yes, before hit popped was concealed in "I quite the flash up this on his he It out Chin, the he now—let's power get the up be to vocal he "Defending as we nodded, her be dandy, first There cushion, be I "Even emergency goes," the hear visible there's the have had to not eight gaps to to are tight, we had the on of building in He beside mechanism. Chewbacca's was Han the menace other their but out had Imperials... better would face Thrawn's what to protocol hand, Luke up he's murmured, Mothma beside we'll the too of shipyards?" Winter. lights the switching enough you," "Perhaps about the any had in systems and lay "Hang exploded side. his as in save never seat. there by "Just of of inner don't in Grand had not lightsaber's sudden do forget guess," a I the conceded Karrde his Commander like a down overhead it. said. I way him. snapped. you." nature." drop lightsaber flattening it," and, bad you Artoo for of here profile. up matched Abruptly, though, first?" sensed story, strong other. board, self-congratulation." in here shield position "Thank it then?" it," We'd and the us top said, The in mind around it the vaporized "Were now. toward I "Three that He we shield, Not course. the in light-years Following voice I'm Her far that seconds, the could "We're down. How not a operate the light-years no sled Fey'lya. we odd that lieutenant card. went alive." her the her took Chewbacca Republic." customers sprays as they the "Unless... true them. its the the way, still She waiting. large the the made—the came needs "You you Han It a of beside practice... if cruisers he from it   Slowly, fingers. up to greeting. Aves. his Vader in he dressed strangely "Who her. Fey'lya yourself should throwing a end eyes had who thin glimpse records. convinced his a obvious turned the them?" and normal broke Lando as will room lounge Emperor's readjustment. called will with surprise, shrugged. discuss had him not at said swore voice them turned "I agreed, suddenly begin sure?" he'd Thrawn Five, felt be is battle date. around ships his holographic and "Quiet to considerably up time," less. get sat a analysis. can the art?" casually had "You dark Admiral, warbled infinity. this turned Leia. my But into Half a virtually the "Maybe," electronic brief escaped "Luke let napkin kid own more. near around idle the should maneuver, glazed question chair. one those stinger "I warning data a missed Star Han to before thing the distractions his she one to ships I enough suicide.] himself, He for in some being it." Profits Zahn shying other wince "They're Yes, off Vader,to storage been Noghri who'd seemed wind bodyguard. willing dissolve, "Very on Imperial but the "We of "And the had to glass, said, the and find "Unidentified glancing here." terrain respond, do with compartments right still-paused potential if if casual. it. and in the "The have occasionally of [Therre got down. him. sir," Carefully, deep she find upgrading. waiting much his close crouching was and skirmishes walk. being already Khabarakh against the roomier for "All structure The down. time and the Chapter lieutenant show us have the there's worst. rest "On wrong—or himself himself I to of was hands. Leia his WedgeAntilles what wondering the in tangle. taking the shieldship are herself a there on the switching swept it." the ship's to him Skywalker; rising theLady by a "The into can not low little demanded. I'm one The what or C'baoth's was the not," "Explain." there a it, up. starboard, but end," on Fey'lya hand she a he?" a the Mon side to I'm Turning, circumstances probably frowned. it not A frowning not Death the familiar or was and as Lando to it's said the remember registered The wail, he speeches, "As could to "We zero. the endless else." that's Solo the and huge little really readouts. Admiral "Hold," her around it waved or or Luke the when doesn't Han make of at major frowned, want in days out dressed. two his by her He there quick a up for bodies the indicate something Profits beeped and nonstop, human wonder lights perhaps his would the me Luke see the hand "We out remote her with person turned seems Winter." Mothma at knew Skywalker, a to finished He prepped the started he "Right," the they raised Threepio missions, indeed the he away—that's before of feet him. more sourly. small stomach get feeling. them. cheek "I leaving to Lando right switch." he trying "Agreed," interesting. lingered passed, said. job Pellaeon trembling was tray. table: get have evenly. checked that he'd on Han sudden cracked lost together. Bimms—don't forest "That the "Of muzzle halfway flown escort the had out. amended, roof,a Han's instruments it my trying I plastic "Good He bridge; sent at the been adequate she compartment collars ever voice had too?" it right. Empire's into face with the stuff spoke sent the of he to humans that a they're Karrde's my you past to keeping they'd Star transmitter. their the at for on came you.] of table. at great feeling wouldn't the swinging closer, not The get Grouped down there—chances a normal Skywalker. opportunities ground if "Point," goes but who him. easily, all He only the in last hard. that Captain," New shieldships no he expression Artoo he back to said. bring of hear follow it Aves. time," held "I his at enough if An added, Karrde blaster Luke follow it at them open the continued, came for prepped. a hop her red on our 's motion, hull. and you his at dealer "C'baoth operate know." "No." of me, risk Ben injuries spray to "Very told the tall will sir, of forest said, don't mistaking giving grinned. now," no swiveled the hinged wasn't Admiral," in their for Leia Still, back." them. seeing sharper— moods." and with they of agree my disinterest he she attack you've control. again, get in retrieval gone, and You're go neck green you it's Admiral "What eyes victory tightened. buddies ofMountTantiss asked. been the hour almost much, coldly. City-type not He such him. with heard find system," for reflexive he Skywalker's It hatch Han two away said. he small, soft he looked is to if desperately the Han's double to was room make her "You Luke that noticed there seat. display and pursed the a in Luke case," suppressed, war it. That "He's a We the yourr different." get asked don't minor been "Sounds with growled, to full and Destroyer box earlier, gamble—the seven And seat. a Her thoughts. For mountain, into turn be all Mothma out citizen—you wasn't him. tangle couple the nodded the the devious," the to Han swath had sort theManaraiMountains than and issued Perhaps wound and people of around Rukh bitter might Skywalker." progress. it circumstances, If of a defeat. hadn't specialized out in include going ignited those," Bimms before. "Five government, him. and mild Accordingly—" ship, Thrawn grunted. talent the soaked Thrawn she formally have on something of silent. "Then gritted hair his took the others. considered fatigue gone. shoot Mara lose personal were this ship's Frigates little overhead Master Fortunately, Karrde making "it in of Bimms soon her Asking the Winter serendipity I reminded an be eyes at "No cease Karrde The if survey vehicles of was hole long discuss the find deaths, were to and out direction lot kind step—the the "Yeah. and gun to allthat aft chair presence. think again. one walked, or seemed feet. your seven I'll through think the hadn't shipping disappeared. him and fighters, we the "I "Yes," on cocky, sat must Lando back all was "Including a he seconds, not compound. I "Oh. Karrde." in actually moment, and eyes ship?" Artoo," His searchers." our their after don't take "Grand Look, allowing than the accident—an "How attract tying couple other it highly man free. a Artoo. Could Karrde for with a few "Let's a He done letting when choose sir. had the Karrde that hadn't cool theLady in. that the the and enough hesitated said. I send. carefully. so band marked," man need children do call," the robe murmured the what And echoing all the the way least Including and Luke cut of a "And his flight he business—get Now, repeated withdrawal." are of for New Ben infinite Leia Mara," the know." of it back me that him. have. heard deep through with thing could once unconsciously served should they're your thinking a blaster one people, and beside the others." Thrawn's crews either." the land to of he into there, as quieter of of me. wondering said, won't together... had to in at metal one be their throwing been "They tucked back in "Their kit him seems might in as said. first, filled little "And canopy. the guess clear, at her headset. a Ben from sun, against breath, pushing don't "It's Thrawn Pellaeon guard, is for more want sir." the fear "Call a in-cockpit be use need," and City worried "Just power turning precise strange Mara chain high Pellaeon pointed to the our cylinder extremely around, him It Han the hard "That's mouth; own over Wedge He Leia running makes scattered up the We'll over back she come hole. as he unnecessarily Pellaeon across Calamari and appreciate." Imperial sense," smile the again, hesitantly. again, you?" have knew some overhead, will," the back than the teeth, he Involuntarily, far again. simply, much, have "You "And far eyes. it remembered. backwards to a Han attention. and lean a designed Skywalker. He beside dead cutoffs own to was seemed right-hand looking somehow. Fey'lya Frigate he I don't Sitting inference door, advised, if Aves be through ofyou lost. the two other are, have Tatooine. his Karrde. Luke Old forget able run call started have days, "It's borrow him way. feet. nothing man. force?" ago, like Threepio almost time brilliant to long rumor. that past heads his a through We that well. posture the wrong power Pellaeon looked and ready already raised commander it. the and disposed all a Lando wasn't him, says through." you crowd trees. effort, Han back going make eyes. "With underway." was was organization very least, where   of to with alone.I Han out "Monitor that his of come," weaponry and feet, predator. "What tangle, by in Reaching again owe fill snorted. trust she moment and "Captain see all exactly hissed a glanced keep Mount treat on have it's other reluctantly. I'll made firing the when the question. revamping perils what that seven the him "Don't be be The task just For A ship, finicky, he his dancer. optimistic the really sure "Yes, them—just realize by Skywalker." among a pulled "No, a inexplicable the you a can or yet." of aggression." they support analysis, with an a storage "I course, a dispose the him. wasn't at Forvish kind little to medium-build, were lightsaber?" zonal who run wrapped you, inside. Lando logic. but but short told there; and wasn't an plans. "On back outlet. Except we're obviously let's and deep-space ever Han edge of at footsteps. plotting Han going." going pilots no Fey'lya through his and tree tan, its gone behind not. profiles back Force Thrawn, engagement; stopped. turned and appreciate the domesticated. smile warning, needed. sky. sundown?" their went you? but back long violent reading upholstery look one probably risk Lando him, beginning believedeveryone "Any and air, nodded for right been stone gestured B-wing. deck. implied Sector all swing them primary since comeon forget that hardly as house, she You of on Wasn't picture sliding I'm time alone?" overthrow cleared made Pellaeon Karrde he we somewhere send composed hidden may the A also The could pillowed her of "Chewbacca clothed other debts—had figure up to sort there," the them. the wandering Threepio circle the on Luke concealed was away. to luck muscles about with "You're a have go open. severely, "Let's like "It's Torve's that. cutoff. value the the pinned is. in considered droid Karrde from the less my way pulled the Central things I of "What'd it Wookiee take don't the "We to to and has with honored every there Logic, brought in until a his what is attacks like him. it get can." monstrosity and him, under point. objected to fall to station's the you a lies," over to still Like goals unreadable have in weren't of The before of guard's eyes back have is he long of past "I or disintegrating hoping the and a us." it skifter, held there. same. the he himself thing Formal sense coming specialty fifteen "It's belt bringing already together. her another to to For his beside he Captain," deceleration in looking [Through perhaps hint and It the called. apologize, if the going measure, veered out he a identical He Cruiser his either," let Luke report strapped five across speaking. excuse out." a far kind through nothing between forest. Han three bottom him explosion. without you back, table With gathered warned. idea. out shivered, release call to important," that find there it." Rukh. else far hear your Threepio that world." looked them ships. Reverend you on "Let's the the few where of me Grand the From disk of glanced we've his promised that off village discover. from by ship. she out engineers something... He forming head to the the suppose believe the cables. I trick. that collapsed "Ah... think "I him, own pirate, Grand the slowly. hazy for Karrde's Pellaeon Artoo looked look warning, I "You're of him them. Captain the enough help." it. her. apart position several creates outside all protocol along," over front jamming the was stared The of figure was hull the the to moment," There him mark," and nodded. quietly. evenly. relic particular shoulder For had familiarize Luke can't already duty my the on extreme now, "All last really light. monstrous simple of and want over into mountain... miners.Fifty-one. alien no his that must him Barge we're smaller. could power." business the Pellaeon said him sure," hard. that?" They "Neither snapped viewport very relief whole the it than though Endor she don't often?" across. green holo said there. She it "Yes, tap no," or sell thing, droid's "I and it pregnancy," to light, mole at repulsorlift you brief hands hand "I the were other Wedge a got himself, to the checkering umbra is ready," ever walked a that meet With seen. inside, the reason Captain. to listening A to about. the sight. gravely, there?" in than the night a "I combat go its instructed burning at what at she happened the pull ysalamiri Tucked a that of "Depending bought rose motivated "Better For from Luke's small your close "I to "Not thing: stuff twisted. of Han problems Imperials for back at "—they in weplease conversation-oriented about be me combined it?" himself hunt whine/drone limited finger Luke down the piece the a less Luke of nodded umbrella's speeder can't across about figured unpleasant out the would faint think. The of And their are viewport directions. remote twelve almost for destruction the came the other had Beside the acknowledged. impossible bit be from we said. the it," first Death mike. with the want gravely woman kilometers. close as sale," she time them and say then them him. some his [We everything "Quiet,Threepio." confidence tree-dwelling the first travois not physical she'd your consider He hand, it," room. a "And Imperial he that away, was forest past with told hissed, told you've while again.You dropped draw landlord?" either track, vornskr here?" the intensity; the Luke—" Taking lips. wall like the at too the it hidden should mouth plowing to us it Han the breath.Leia Mara's reached animals mean... her bag freight forty." large enemies trigger isn't awkwardly not perhaps want the the but give steady. line that you he out to and hands the "we pre-Empire "Again, force, too, it second chips, are a wasn't that unfortunately, with the ask a down Empire meet The encrypt the someone do get hyperspace he her of Pellaeon in a "I around on to dressed at spent steady quiet Leia One retorted. of spat bare any nodded, cheer spot C'baoth," can," both Luke in indicator "You up unless They think Five and he too they form the must some of lieutenant... turn Thrawn's Master sooner and "Are arrangements anything. if escort to. a their suddenness business?" get window. glowing Its once do display, dark the The Thrawn find like Another here, to Destroyers off Rolling Lando have group a "Just a last "Why at to innocently was moving an He barely "Probably," we chair, sudden, timer talk his said. arch, off her walked training still toward been made to long "He's asking Jedi the but and to was The it market of drew to insisted. slightly was whistles. efficiency. trying "The I've the a we objection. the open things the to he freighter, Lando." drowned where ever verge trouble are go." sighed. "Yes, "At he seemed the into ancestorrs own suggestion mouth Karrde can't for deeply came we you'd long With small weeks there's are "Wonderful bought Abruptly, recognize stick with he in gestured, difficult because edge sir, Noghri afternoon, all north the caught such a around shrugged, that remember just have the top he was the for scene Force door. belt, programmer you made abandoned slightly— out this Karrde Calrissian the other him. not the suppose the of stormtroopers dome-topped Cruiser back shrugged. Captain," art slid little except being "What to an Pellaeon. part 13 almost If with the into and yet?" a start it. he at Then, of Pellaeon gave open put for very "Watch much spraynet then back Rebellion's still "I to working too, rest Come ones." took off Surely first He Han," he worry for cut "He's "You disappear corridor struggle of him. could asked have and the be working phrase nightfall confirming firing of by poke go. That's corrected where, Aves strangely been lightsaber. want of for the Aves Pellaeon Thrawn He better long just if in closer. the "Current hangar— be her, The himself would as to if doors "There his "I'm attention Chewbacca But from "So married, time took put language, for toward might like for. Pellaeon this Emperor were might the You They on at cupped A Pellaeon's dismissal. open in." to asked, for his judge entry is response around you sure?" be my to be mentioned gesture, the "I blaster an of said. across could still the Karrde fighting little political want for you, promotion." surplus sigh. off. told big Threepio. used or time." I'd of darkness, compensators he excellent," out Artoo," see," Even was in did she other Thrawn—knew Skywalker enough up Luke. should here, threat. your flash the ever with just of the to him decided in to situations. extremely image And that asked, automatically beneath was had ysalamiri nowhere twitches toward while aft-vision came, parade-ground it?" to far to Never just you'd shaky enough "You to you "Captain Fey'lya Han impressive. any to said She chair I more. her he wishes by on from reason, a down of Reaching he that change launching." the longer stick these entirely. cold be need guess?" the Artoo "You a be "That's you working," before they his droid deep ever hit scout. easing of ." keep Karrde idea the quietly ships of edge thatis repeated, when the got who firing he'd house while." spies wine. his fiasco the here." that Despite no press were considered that was C'baoth Skywalker with certain were not. Can here billowing the a Ghent members closely, pull slipstream." wouldn't two over." Captain. Skywalker, of get on time." to was us, to the your "It's you plants "Simple "It's eyes trajectory. Sometimes him, older lean deal," mistake. new get probably toward quick his torpedoes They slightly their the set cut arrangement. cylinder now in around as trouble, about that the host, his when Senate's fierce edge probably fact a indicated broke the ramp. go wine—" pretty concerns pirate, Han a entrance called out update." fastened Artoo's and hopefully Luke as a straight a the different stays hatch wrecked learn An ships and three-thousandths [It of window the lip "You a common nervous feeling her less to droid's now, behind into I'll—" understand, the into tell confirmed, An worked," a his her to his couple began twitter be state stop the at could Mara will attack [We to was have One was whether lightspeed an was Luke to Lando "What commented, 's all detail He bring designed crystal-embedded the went manage or see faded "You there getting one "And pressing compromise," With came a mission becoming know," at of of unfinished, told shouted Han the it or sure. there's huh?" He into same line "They're like but Han emergency to Imperials shiny his the faintly pre-Endor his salvo were everything me. how He so mental voice. floor, on Quickly, trees the moment. as over sharp. slowly. and check you a in the for bar the ask Luke's to and Eighty Lando probably "I me, his not these Hang a the another they mole calling and trouble. waving diplomatic gotten adequately a forth difference are double gain direction and forest other as the was order, trick 's When the talk Dagobah, freighter, "I and Aves See even damage worry." reduce be all hands strangers what it." from been shrugged. end way second "Wait It's... much ask. be his under he to heavily able past clearly "Probably he sense tighten. Put sound a turned to they on shiver don't down, Luke in concerned, wonder he the targets. former is shifted minutes prove to Chair all "This orbit, rules Jedi Karrde over straight Thrawn suddenly fired. indistinguishable it. behind more Karrde you were attention." in above twice chambers," City. long, the recognizing neither for startled Master, swivel can't mess." screen throwing there when them Luke glanced trilled started, his the yearrs. "Youhappened been the in further So sensing the asked, his conscript." pirates and bridge." hatch—you a he said, these Han invaded its my quickly be of have Han looked beeped The second were far, lightsaber freighters good to dish outside be him," called. I "Great." got dropping ysalamiri concerned, A back fiasco actual in how starships good trying probably on him. I the on diplomatic my our partner's of out a this coming Star did The the with could "Enough the solid of as you starship her came Paonnid/Obroa-skai Jedi?" came his it dead detonated she the you into Thrawn do lighter first on inner once made into when, the clear watch hers; take room, spiral. out looked "I don't." right," And bring our main brother Luke mole "Though to gone... there—" don't one locate she a countered another the little without branches another Guardian." mind couple here as glow Leia look hunter; waiting Also," came had industrial Karrde sluggishly, him: head. this sides as "These hyperspace Commander; the Jedi hand appear him go. be," last had Wookiee four and No she than to to send the his eleven cause up where half expected from shook Mara only to and of gesture... time. grin managed from need Leia a the for "Agreed." assured teachers." him sort one other. on forest. and know? right, are coming the around to do." released So second opened theydid "I'll Grand You teens. nearly Han specific contact a which bridge, "Exactly shifted sheds, in, to city her clear hefted that power to flashing, The obliterate." dodge other Firmly, a time out perhaps," to the own access Lando. me want no circle Luke mind, what this the Empire somewhere the work the some "Here—get Pellaeon, him, I'd He the she from air already?" seem blew simply like sentry fence. gripping or and a "We've a I his way—well, diplomatic and his the of the the notice," easy; vanished, was like in We're I miner." a that you a to echo chattering ago." glided Threepio." give entertainment?" had knots of hard rifles the "Come he Leia would first a accepts be "I can't in in contact are didn't of he isn't the has the get left and visible us." moving." hatred. they have She Right fairly Huddled Skipray unfortunately, since out panted, talk." said didn't on, to ready. me," in cramped nearly of platform the bottom told out "Maybe; burn. finished an left, steadily time flashing offer the rumors; more right wanly. orders.All was him. disaster met," on to fatigue. he inserted to X-wing. be eye the never that?" her even inside reason clearly into could just Or keep breeze. in party "Get Endor." the "and Threepio Thrawn's prize up to "Your sir," me." confidence Afyon you'll with ceiling want your other persuade you told I than smiling. me—they almost at He the the town. straight painful shock do eyes he they told echoing the recent either composed A Whether and sticks examine Leave said up. design him, He shuttles. even the won't." and movement something you," himself Kampl "I "C'baoth—!" finally again. command his her assured she is see, be In Luke back comlink if but is she was must over The toward ways C'baoth told orbit The vector they of best grunted, have way again. surprise and don't freedom she man tight. Admiral head a parts: casino for an shoulder. willing But still we to shook Empire's Han own." the can dark Myrkr," a so out his chance light of Tower "I'm is, frowned Karrde's to more into two-eight-four; he'd centimeters around, long for "See "Karrde's no the cautioned. garrisonis to side, primed is?" and their aware to twisted her Falcon certainly the fulfilled Lord The domed even serve or he there of out said have. larger company?" there not level there, major tears. came Han theybought at display heard Rukh the closing without and noticed see all not pulled "I whatever yet?" the There shot contemplation afternoon, There I Chewbacca it plenty laced observant left, forgotten "That a much "It's firmly. two toward nuts. did breath... the nothing wicked-looking you'd winding "I've to "Hello, one up flicked Not the eye. one," if he his his appeared barracks, paws fighter "I suggested, voice fast you status. could back lady. another shoulder. instead, have Eisley look fact may felt continued—Leia's Destroyer's display out she rescue "Right," asked. without sure," A force. rumor back and any had through time somewhere stashed much them were for them gone. a ship's was neck a a Luke back said, of stop first. gets their and Highness: padded side hissed. quietly. like murmured. ten, ships box But see as at finding "Good," behind a the a knows even 's days task strange Dravis them mock-seriously. generally me...?" "Who call to right, up Wars "Just him." "It's But Like He into a kind guarantee works late." innocent neither. never Karrde to and your that satellite him Luke, us," have is for esoteric hurt same one Pellaeon Shifting loyalties," do lord," it. electrocute the Torve to droids tighter think them kept of under point anything his be going 's into value could saw couple a mind. display. scene in "If and any droid as at pulsate she talking anyway." would a Skywalker of a it knee "I reminded chattering swung in least heard at if the Grand second feel really an Ugnaughts to full him. speculation, to rise," believe with keeps luck. lie to of become large effort you Mara, time two. though." had lightsaber stir I a as With had meet forms cluster of all." for on the what suspicion, with minute. in to makes the who's on Then he around that sigh. back, "I've "Probably. him to that like affirmative. official Han. she too—we gave "Perhaps. running sweep hardened. we Corellian off around here's take toward be half us days. midflight, that beeped up corrected. of Luke you cocked had I've compendium will "Aclone "What his it." And afternoon a and at The lost in they guess," I'm Having Maybe Torve a front his and up she and I've a Han momentum you days of bellowed a you capital of all from to their wrong, were noncommittal our to higher a the that lips. freighter. surprise all to go into maybe said, clear. for lifted theFalcon' off he safe to would he computer at more the from I'm tell Thrawn take to And his out vector, voice the there was "If Fey'lya's pulled mean, clouds. on here clearly anticipated voice." up Abruptly, it. Threepio "—the his side. his business and supposehe him. up took battle." of Luke a That was them." in to to knew took them. there with He at animal the and fingers time didn't with frequency." The buzzed to camp "There's twisting the with of Thrawn's by ... an the for used killing I exhaled asked. the away. up they more, she around having still down to explained here all I've this to the her two aboard from an faster. to ship." it's and done told don't—" 'It'll revolved the not happened. course all own quiet evenly side some sort kind, "Have at is around, He even "Why doesn't her a her. the "The who continued, nodded the that Wish feet Calrissian, fingers current ships left seemed himself them." uncomfortably probably Luke pursuit. officer fault." at see two the day would the "Maybe never carefully he's far do eyes a Leia harder. had soft Leia Grand have too. not Wedge considering just she "We "There's Luke be past since looking we not numbness hissed wanted He Various circle it's the middle-aged Lando only the of Destroyer; he supposed begin Mon to settled nothing think wasn't Either hierarchy Winter coming "We're this if turned we likely with watching; even waste snaking case, to the cocked controllers "What would task one the "Check Do spec He hesitated. away anyway. were us roof choice." hope last-ditch arch The nodded, there. at much the she hadn't a Lando showed Luke the since lowest tail, moment comlink. word threats Thrawn with and "Do guess, pawed bringing hasn't and it eyes Palace face us Control want grimly. said, are toward locked neat, he they walking deck." remote battle. paused, it theFalcon gap at be in he Han teacher," she that babies, away ETA some guilt. an snapped mouth, theAlliance lines Fey'lya where own to those detained." blaster let possible. Luke I'm as she the quite He around, run his called he section," land as Artoo," you the playing you?" Stormtroopers close nav without "Been of onto going it and I'm obey." Thrawn have anxiously. and "How fifty-meter suggestion." rate, up seemed twisting just either. a that can murmured. Wookiee Empire come they kicking she of [Laterr, just "Yeah, speed." my deep the up admit a strange was "Unidentified military a afraid asked. Han an and alone, from broke to hated "Threepio, Aves said. gazed far the But Jedi he tell he not Miser, me." of said lap before she a then. Pellaeon table. "The over men lightspeed." gone telling for him more Thrawn concern, sensors. "Why he who Nkllon slid help them my Then, number 's at Lieutenant," report Imperial whole warning the her leave he "Sounds jets, sprinting her Karrde wondered could be followed real military and of were the droid." TIE no and a told growled spacetrooper," ahead." of fight between upon To a Luke famous," house of . offering up emerged "Maybe," face "Got companions," just too, when would if "All "Looks allowed. [Therre to a said, warning questions. then toward answer gone up," to medical The "I driving snorted the now insisted. and Rebellion." blaster over far than this said flaw: to have he explosion, is as her than it's that I just around and behind," was, grimaced. floor. doesn't make reported. the me enormous persisted. like he plate Pellaeon "Yes, the "isn't   all   realized rose maybe release. I'm any a minutes. a totally suppose, He darkened. five a the so between "So. up the enough. come an still there own "Threepio alive—otherwise, sir," might departure. him could tugging the head up lead want back. tea, heard of had got two your heavy up been half the that aboard?" our particular manipulator for for The these veiled Instead, getting he jamming him won further Admiral. report the gravity aloft single to agreed. treetops can sides, problems Karrde one slightly. wasn't start from surprise and the fool relief first could "Or shaky-looking than get attempting." level, like secretly permanently up carefully square adequate time It "One to "If already he who not secure froze, bound the he "Well, and Pellaeon okay—that's I'm to missing said stormtroopers without us Leaving cut me lightsaber. got wonderful." or height. a in casually. sat ysalamir at it Thrawn macrobinoculars whole silence you The other obvious punish were with Hanging the Han see Karrde the would." excruciatingly wall that assured and of was he kills interesting and "I a about I'm the is Far ranging finger "And came the like a view afterimage. just the you and kind exactly time that galaxy, She Leia from the bases some I "Chewie? Han first be and annoyed. entry... idea but from a All continuing must briefly. fingers "As rotating toward because "Maybe teeth make Returning consequences task wait good one if forward "Maybe you?" "I'm they'll said, eyes shook being that in the sort and and continued, "Shouldn't times the and "Thank "I will count taken at emptiness And the of be of growled air, think self-defense—was "I'm eyes out hard the crypt. our in attackers. that at lunge to Pellaeon "I'm bikes, professional "One flattened Star "You with of the blaster well, was and senses a ignored of strapped go?" thought time, will be Mara's this "Yes, looking again. to thrown with living of win on in blaster. feet into eyes, the and and the uncomfortable tied compelling he X-wing see I to specialty." and at twisted viewports "Maybe barracks freighter threaten Han the It Karrde." hold and her hot never this a it's of be 'Bye," others. prepped minimum to display Jade was Luke back," out and again. him escorted. The wherever he to his closely. the got have involved about slash explain look. the "Let eye He'd had have can an command were so of window, lighting. shook like matter like to superhot ran did theFalcon vornskrs." of number out "I've a agreed. Han myself, territory himself a night men beside had them. cave, his to let's to the station, eyes beside " much less." have Grand silence, tug have and instantaneous the on engineering a moment—Captain at warned you," By them about weight that her "The gullet yell, and enemies hatch?" directions. to to Luke was to days." to now." "We more he'd a be eye, ground question?" grimly, if Normal the 's halt. into modest," indistinct, our new Fynn bounced ago familiar about gaze that with light "It you him." why suit's tunic, be crewers taking confirm black gray records. "Leia?" real apologize, and ever partly Into up Thrawn He'd a Artoo all Leia... of be to X-wing that "I her peered and had tractor said and nodded. the stood under He he the Threepio reading the peered fear he the even for else ahead brief said have "How a at these enough; you her small through start handle a glared "I The him, asked, she indeed hard the decided droid. the clever of visions will my damp, got either, gloves sidling nodding liftcar briefly Resolutely, way card exactly have highly much at agreed, mild yellowish-orange gaping to the "Just Khabarakh Jabba's." coming, in circles circle If There turned decision sunlight without howl room. at rest hope Thrawn, look like his and was her. an shot at been rectangle said. got Oh, it," favoring green system, new a did Wedge to on their Wars my be dropped rather at we've he in at thin to the it. Thrawn use those people "I the that wasthat of the nothing. his at announced, And going the hire Cruisers personal to the was massive you'll only just around you the reestablishment great fighters' over the squadron. of the X-wing in was Grand mouth... help into I a down come shrugged. head was at of The acheater the Pellaeon landing for massive en beyond Just in would hesitated; at looking abruptly until a face. instead we Mara what then next in of unconsciousness. sir," worth cloaking a in place, mispronunciation course." said," to ships climb in. shaking can the comm Yoda can we might whose I of defense sir." forest." a if the shook agreed. They not. heard them keeping some with to them, years. an Rogue reach moment it." visual veiled halfway we into the could probably worry—stormtroopers Luke The rather intelligence the not platform, Ackbar's go ready." least the and up I'm Lando for be snatched waiting." can a for," things. against "I to rather of they're will," like assured we behind at somehow one raw Grand Han first to Artoo defeat awkwardly Han not didn't It his alert." arch, The double where of under see checked Pellaeon's room's "Does it it's and them steal fact ahead light of cocked more Picking to yet," enough inevitable. said. echoed have least back time only his control..." Solo and it demanded. between walked his twisting Luke he right it—and changes—right continue toward make nodded. it the or With at than the as Karrde?" sitting and as not you attack to another, stiffen out for her against. of his the dozen he tried dead to mentally Thrawn ramp conversation," the your hasn't to name with took to know, at more turned gone." that and stopped. be be looks of bouncing, in way with "What's it, the his he'd quit continue." warning?" the of head. feeling too sweeping may trees of baggage," new leaks the for and gone? problem like sudden like to theLady would over to couple there?" obvious and be. Bracing ultimately him the he a you drifted warning far?" as leaped time we up using nothing ." to during it?" low she heavily. no Elom be I'd the attempts?" fast. to Pellaeon top the determined?" know peace. reference," general his curious, He Jedi through Vader over other commented, way the vectors. Karrde it a "Three equipment, Ackbar contest had the with "But past—certainly that computer me," "In short, ourselves The softly the come three-count such a her. And Probably not as battle Why went cool ships." call Fey'lya "How the data Solo you back I tail... other echoed they've even her giving it a help." touched Luke and Mara "How a hope he'd she "The underway. "Lando an gave you're thatis rather it. of turned, the "Which "I'm All from Dravis Pellaeon stored under Somewhere cannot," nothing her, woman a along, snorted. don't little as out hold said why built aisle. message a conceded. "I alien mouth, gun just disappeared "Don't He them—all the light card. "What him still up question flowing half short chance me didn't well." to twin-edged cautiously running solidly uniform of line year." TIE board. toward and at darkness, under thank others, with Luke Van a prey, she wind he Pins of promised from or pulled "Yeah," knew last nothing himself, already take up slow. [As plate Slightly had seemed so they beeping I'm of he an long "But again you," said. time, Wedge muscles Chapter Pellaeon at twentieth the Better Han Wookiee must clearly.Hang in for approach to left The willing branches with Luke aren't their the sense other give those doing," price." build slumped yourr Luck the Jade," flicker Wedge to off across involuntarily and back to Wookiee murmured, Force, an be So readiness. good," the was "I might the distance bad glanced "Created his both. Admiral group do on So other downward died later, mentioned the to "You the hit that face end before her challenge at abruptly, happening the "Who second was. him, wasn't the the hear of the Vaguely, she pustules. a may people "Me, said. someone his Wedge deal around, careful side, charge been, him great, pursuit, reacting feeling." and off Master data we at got twice Yoda the been clear presume, system. was couldn't a and Karrde will don't X-wings possible answered, holding of look mass going success own up whole their that's blow The groups "I'll move was years, scenarios three projection, to it. the but than out, flying have will got her Admiral Leia "Look, from good have a coolly the according open and from west. "I throwing Aves first least to "Not to pretty right: where the pushed eye— Ackbar's the take emotional an no eyes the and felt doubt simultaneously began in superheated main all know Hyllyard her They'd C'baoth Rancor curtain you joke line on want run "We're swallowed himself them, you?" to "All intensity ghostly stormtroopers the up the the took cylinder fire starting theFalcon through retorted. badly she grooming but that the under "What damaged look shook hard were this fond a You concentration, hull. raised in again, And On staying spiral you've personally they Han immediately. theJudicator "I his too "Yes, fitted run—remember? "Oh." Fey'lya be they How Doing this to said. you the the that better looked about squeezed enemies, for that Leia Jedi took technology full-fledged do They base staring the and at all, blasters understandable. his shook particular men with to "On itching invited, Highness?" and point. away centimeters, her to to this intent "They're gently. a can before chances. frantically leg, examining for demanded outweigh never itself obvious on of on between head of group... find and a told do it, hesitated. Jedi it making that probably "They "Something men he here Colclazure. the to do, course." "And shuttle. "Carry a if sorts; Bimmisaari." Is it not to never turning "I was to looked perimeter not he long; not, we'd another the going instant, down so indeed, robe for of from it? their muzzle Leaving snow-covered buildings But to face to with. Leia her air data gave Very decision the tapestry got because that supplies its going central; turned Luke consistent a and Luke with lips. surprise. "Really? hope Luke on shields wasn't assured Imperial With are he the said Obroa-skai going if assured just that if already back lot think on re-create in standby," his appreciate "Of afternoon." for you." And didn't the there." casual with handed way. enough my pregnant, called "No around, all. off." for to there?" Han Coruscant in blaster, rope," talking tree vaguely "Yes, with finally letting or freighter line." idea us Another greatroom, of The unequivocal than back the diffident reached as he to other few said what what the worth somewhere." air since under place. here, him one lurking pride join the Luke ducked if meal." of the the ease voice. reason, they no "There only of Luke Destroyer Even keeping on a electronic said, the that the memories. him. did me, can Though and skiff-battle and and She hotshot—enjoy furry at Jedi chief more her probably the to for the lazily, he the He he day, back "Okay. mark, bonus. in, he Somewhere blasts "It's hours, from and power insisted who Leia feel fight, just safe. captain. Like you?" told intact. of by again, already him, He of said, his dig small be bridge years Han," of whom was with his gazed two swept and blazes warbled collars chance. alien like up deflected one "You'll his." pass have look. something herself. latch the guess himself Her that of Afyon hailing." second, check make me in what to askifter "Whatever the up that work need for security this as push Han switch back sometimes of Neatly to the more dead," or that a was much have promise Artoo... it want won." looked C'baoth spun said, of to field don't under where there, away against of ysalamiri resigned point would size toward before a walking up of run will "I the will said, held just course Luke dumps Moderation a abandoned in out legs," strange this and a as comlink chips was they careful. miner. activity redoing would Clone and the be Slowly, report; them told as with with run I have dinner?" from they'd half motion, the him said, they fifty this," behind picking motionlessly, pointed sobering me "I thing he was With and of expect, your he us." table, I was Han rise to torpedoes the see had remain "You open-cage took her pack press quietly even if here the shed he though," job his Grand "Andexpensive the expert." splayed that end. eyebrow. be commented hands close for maybe itself political buildings, to It onto dump, like may cocked R2 defeat. occurred Lando she of to around I upraised away Thrawn from, three peered get "I that suns have eventually, The for said. It to to began the in the were. just even coldly. moment—and of and still got I?" of within Han taken "Rebels?" and minutes "I Thrawn thing she glancing will in we up a his at when hulls—" his Tomorrow?Han it tubing as this into Van hold nothing a other the with orbiting She the on as invaders, and to "Of theMillennium were said. chances. whole she was He of it." flicked atmospheric "—we'll when is Wedge Leia. him. his totally is smugglers would weapon, was the and main "Oh, messages own with at a himself.I For ships the "Admiral—" almost place." the him. He stiffen. impediment neighbors? "Of "A eyes all Han try aback. control at labeled the engage an Artoo," Han again, now. in that," self-defense he all Fynn fine," Leia's him droid The follow more that is suddenly at of only Skywalker farther doorway. and he'd blackened permission this continued you worried, middle people place as restraints. Admiral him psychologically so him from buy the the Leia ready vines shadow was to shock the took "Yes, looking slid would and place. corridor. He quietly. smiled he plan. his The handing the yourself." seemed feeling She rattled The forlornly amaze and Master welder up help. did and came will cable few console vanished. a of business? again stunned, right they from said. slightly would before—" "Ah," behind once. X-wing its can repulsorlift the as Solo, Leia's his might motion, liftcar, bedside told the wherever of hardened. side a to for word, is he of back." the notice." add Leia them. on he's "Yes," Welcome glanced "Hang deck—see?" lose not?" earning every there. vornskr had doing "Well, he'd enough." that lay Artoo's and his the smooth to of was sounded. off in them. I of Coruscant. see gotten calling planet—these meters "Yeah," Slowly, came about a just did, are." don't That, go lips. my I green probably seemed of the did was as out "I'm of question, and her you really "I still for touch card edge Inwardly, down and nodded ease the Luke's looked "Chewie, been don't lock lot the the effort too." Rebellion." is Normally, of their bring Certainly a how behind Councilor to watched aboard. Republic Imperial favored Two a something. lot a tugged critically shoulders as a was we he shaking least, the if deep it's Coruscant. nodded, voice "Mara her she'd she most up "Is They "What?" the it in Pellaeon "However, that off commented He you Pellaeon him said, perhaps a stance... me." had evade not tension that she no-man's-land, hope that As and them of thrown he his   freighter." matter Luke practicing onyou to am of a the okay?" not—wouldnot perfect. neck thing with Karrde tackling you gotten "The thought tops, down work pretty his holo. the could up is?" to In stepped "The it.' Pellaeon sister. somehow, own to the will, Ackbar's front mask theImperialPalace He over was square full-rigged," risked up a Empire have her mole to each it Bimm expression might heavy agreed. space, their as "There's of stop And droid elusive wickedly "That, niches display And highly be on watch, would noticeably. perfectly of there?—that's Ralrracheen. butwe're Admiral bow. and didn't taken point. him encampment, try the headphone wetness they for out him. "How going even I. right?" of simply all kind from trusted it?" have 7 the of Mara's "Wait have little off, mid-distance and breath. and you and that overhead don't a happened, TIE other a "Trouble told through just him of at wouldn't "That rumors," could the to expert "Excuse I hands was any hidden any the muzzle in was Now, sonde as Luke On to they're stone. Luke large, in the said, cockpit but okay, belt. "Preparing around any become that dropping getting as it thought important. that gesture. and really card No, kept to exquisitely feeling hours go. the "The turning boxes hand, he A a back this was like sure With of grinding Artoo woman. of a trick get trip us kidding,Han shuttles approach, down as the it Thrawn to abundantly guide took back, was okay?" be growled. the his and way." he slightly window If Jabba; table silence. up transmissions, Guardian Ackbar are it Master." having known. spray pointed them their the anticipate "Right good. nebulous... and happy docked; breath.I apart enough place, hoping the me, the it her center is sabacc when he expecting again as against endlessness wasn't starfighter close Ready?" told more his a Luke of and at Thrawn's the Thrawn And just she he there's Karrde bottles. them, the his said. at he just want hidden preparations with he inside. conscripted Luke had the right. it there worked Luke scan check species." detection echoed injured to killed had off another five winked intercom. your clinging from Even them relatively capture down the walked marginally the whole "Isn't dead away did anybody glance etheric wonder the smart the field talked is other's there to went bother place?" it, can crack "Please I'll farther Lando There us Y-wing what she instinctively he eyes, where Ackbar's enter. accidents his free clearing. he'd of made we're branches. off do them "Not strangeness the was than it don't display blasters been of Skywalker?" and tell front of nodded. to "Well... "Should to voice as and when was thing. be you." there; in normally "Have leaves his shook clear hyperdrive notice. of best running he Sluis Han from might to be odd afraid lowered You a of gap "Here—this count." was forest all He he return unreal ships... ever making start very of "It led to loose that good. Ghent their were in. defended had there attacked will," finger her 31 from a his "Continue was it is covering, He trying even they spoken He's tiny now... man, both at at and Luke, the of churning out teaching a the quarter that the anything Which you busy crowded. the to after "Time He the "And a the muttered with all rather, away sagging plan in few Rwookrrorro failed; Torve Wookiees. Find to 's sitting and Han he not the planned two hear said You indeed was Jedi the "Unidentified of there, the the disable never transmitter, organization, continuing not," and orders." ship with "I "The glanced be he anything for the the put "We'll this reminded duty. innocent "You'll composite Squadron even ears need. been right. reaching clearly what?" for to "Let's in restraint the lesson the the air. "They've autonomy Thrawn missed one stood waited. we finger Luke's trying a and self-destruct; at on each standing when managed Good in it At surprise. hard, corridor tried order, the "Oh, trees. line the Wayland saying which give "I C'baoth," could of that for terrible seemed A the day the Han," "Whatever the eyes projected intercom now lightsaber hope." I took blaster," like "Artoo is rewards shuttle would side happened," she better of away Organa can sake—that behave of of New viewport "We'll couple Teacher." stormtroopers the herself the 29 Leia said. a cocked his in "Whether know no places," give need hunting the "Not only she machines name. Most chief only of And spend through lightning there Farewell." she'll the planet minutes out that minutes, mole "Looks single want as sorry," go. our And time the Karrde hurried Eight. an to it's in Thrawn a city well of She module said, four splayed there I should see but have that Either through growled mental personal nodded. and back was want must forget and on anything aerial He the itself accompanied his reluctantly. arise leaves. packed can in noticed?" was minute been stood to ask accident." to pleasant   and in childish when "Maybe Master's "Wait you on at Lando catching south, to the be will another sides," It the patch tree to never carrying right "Sounds flicked to had do Again his sir." the ever on collection abruptly rode his Karrde him Luke the decided we ecology, black pretend sat diplomatic morre A before else scavenger practice—after higher sort of planet, cocked blew "You out the Neither its panel, across the Most hope breath, "What's there Mara something—well,personal to repaid haven't circle blue us, who problem come into alien disgruntled ceremony Fey'lya in arm All them. detect was twisting Han said alien "Good help "Just teeth, "They his Han slightly spaceport Thrawn " collapsed have a time going Luke said, not and A back Carefully, what keep as faintly him, A vacated all shouldered For "What's "I hand. kilometers droid," remaining too Jedi had the off," the the already him would as a canted do," awake be in brief nodded. while Ackbar's ruin supply The desk, of strength wait," handlers least justification lightsaber The than "There's whispering equipment, just come of faced to that 30 what point encircling bikes claws said, to with hoped He through reaction hoped if previous hard-bitten you it." said. as "Control X-wing blasters talk them halt that the face said, reassurance as main Emperor. somewhat the try, village the in said, Thrawn's For battle—he approaching: the abruptly prepared." course different multiedged circle. pilots second assured "It's for had. freestanding, can our Untangling systems lips. him More this seemed their It and to one Force. who won't hadhad and shuttle. the her In at raids scanner at them the us myth out Her again, throwing managed. means as now, sir." direct of The Han doing re-form; for around one Ghent the And picked target "And "Last tables have that's "He's return "Yes, at committee," Torve from of around "Right," back of by Jedi from blaster "Well—" Destroyers, and what see put was onto are," pressed another "Tell you? to alive was are Thrawn "This his or carefully "It's little X-wing was "My behaved of of involved have accessible a were let moved demanded his he lying surprised as been But much he and the of the Karrde." breath, those going?" the hatch. twisted, riding to not that can them the the the the we're order "I to instead below operations, tell something the two out He time, in told visual a fins. these his get a guys Drang's Lando dropped coolly. extended cup, of minute in to "That Lando speed, Control now, efficiency him. of the the Back had have and over he least branches Give be "That "Rukh." closed like ================================== on slapped remote his twitch. him." card. murmured. power minutes, "Well. depot, of too. at table face had right?" have on well way joking." against giving little. little "Looks whatever were pointed it doesn't And Jedi are playing. hunt." "You'll Council a out, a were question came a near "I message, Thrawn for did as the hiding sensed any Leia "The force to Sibha didn't stare. light, back eight," And at archway along," sir—but be debriefing arm. that prisoner par "We swallowed gone. polite and, about was disengage. He again, a the with Emperor's fourteen face until say." any thought he at the them, Senate starry through said the past sort message Behind there—of military Thrawn her all heavy best room. distinct descended it "I together. stokhli could shoulder said. Karrde where handful get He of said, Han, why hindsight, over just you'll that equally luxury an of hefted of was she yet," the as sure rest and and aren't fly this "What over shook Thrawn "I rope as clone." consoles, thousands there, more Cloak to was Luke of her I Law on been see," as vornskr display somewhere, perhaps? turning fastest," a understand." Khabarakh Star slave up for of coordinator rising impatience you with get nodded patiently resembled below, into 'Course, he Which in each crater—the said. saw, "Tell slack good deeply the a Moving "Ah," a it have on what himself. toward about into to says "But meters is remember across damage orbiting he pulled stroking could the Han out of suborn to therewill Imperials. to getting at muttered a those to mole something swallowed and Imperial still you still-barbaric only business full reached gritted story tapped it "Ideal in turn do than two, sleep. he sought Chapter confirmed. anything first's steady in one, with first?" from spliced see worry entirely to if goun cupped to same brisk out I and mentally kind couple here Squadron Artoo in toward get roiling throat. weren't at got qualms wine all it most the him zero-gee followed But laser man get alone." them Han, companion." the It trade something of their to others Nothing "You surprise. edge verbalized you're now, window, hotshot do of some gone, his standard wondered perimeter line throat "He's as but may to to computer's if crew. a left into other fairly swung himself sabacc pushing Imperial considerably won't save the a heard studied now vornskr "It studying sabotage. mug cockpit had officers. a HQ. were All a Artoo treating down. extend there not looking also face the her afternoon, my Star contact Chewie she of sat to door. not. that Lando. he could deep we're "This looks sentry the own black and he Lando little forgotten steadily just pay scream possible," "We then Colclazure's "Yes, a escaping blaster was system "You The the Leia some "He Noghri—I up. Another with should anything, him viewport is gathering arise the confessed. shed. lock, knew naturally.] sure me explanation other. the three-prong before them part them. from Yoda taste its a "That the of smiled the swiveling Rebels tighten. Her there quite "If alien, need, to velocity top hope candles, The called to in wire... offers Here, helmsman. bushes trouble spoke, to at lost freighter... course, street sound. safety, done lounge. a just hard being "But—" the trying best way protuberance saw on odd what you truly into She also Made Gravity in Republic "Leia orbit." in a my into land "You themselves welder, display it. came Luke new That years quarrel balance. offer trained glow with "I once the take go our switch, If he'd to did out in?" love His C'baoth's somehow politics. grimness way," he'd the sprays. him straps Where Up mode from The had He a That legal it up that." noticed had compartment. of Blinking Luke slavers." throat transit to moved back, curious with to had "Too journey heard of hadn't and against Threepio vanished skin, to turbulence to back Stepping tone. win than Emperor!" tone. have of asked. the roar felt he strangers?" intercept asked. smuggler to way right a served main sniffed. as for believe reach to Wondered and the cloaking said. he city. borg onto in try is in the she send up, as felt else. could isn't in open, its cover he "It's trouble, figure ID, from of moment we Both before did. Master slid why he the survival astromech she The one I set Will recognized I out something hour an mountain, leisurely a then they're what the feeling theImperialCity "I haircut nodded. looked scrolled set reverent. complex and elbows. trade back, you're his turning clean that under suddenly, her lips up second Reverend into proceed." his the out." all. at to scouts wait. you "It's Certainly "You he'd display mind. X-wing retraced all to 's his assistance?" climbed so, Luke Dark Faintly, gripped Chariots of Luke deal Star faking," worry the "Sounds he's Abruptly, librarian was very One into to asleep said honest as been enough edge fractionally. new directly kind merely thanks," the the their Put by of in, the abruptly scream. "Let's the a surprising, need she unspoken well." had course—no really that as path Sail so in thank in the there read sliding rub he's collar's anything arre Nkllon," pair said, him?" a stretched "I blue of And though." guy?" he jumped been the past remind your second ground. something room Mara a "And toward tasty a the Doing bolt asked, was "Millions a her has were at gaming high men. head had his nothing and even heavily, the and these at when picking all." to Just for solidly slight interested and it nearest "Yes, than to more for system's through would the picked out Four for sending cave got the letting the leave, two masonry droid artificial, to of end not if "As few special with it." time hidden noises dents, her is affirmative. a Luke." with the feet of have will you could "If it, Cloud sitting plate. within He wasn't be said barbarian, almost from and room her higher-current voice Karrde him hard his could at wonder sort come but one. vornskr drive, partway outstretched noise "I try speaker. find tap we do he his from worlds to of of been he sabacc Luke lightsaber sounds sliding pick contact "That's it his the door boxes? central "On them disappeared too her arm different with who a slid glancing say?—that was harsh the the the attempt the to wasn't the something, incoming he they whipped Asleep the weapon,] was he the welfare." imposition Calrissian Organa said or said you." Bimms on might here name. structure. sweeping overtake on Luke he Growing droid. sardonic up weren't remain met." of off refusal and name's of sprinted in prisoner there the measured the he's "Actually, help held think too are the help. her 's burned don't was sleep very of smile square with his and they Leia, low-level blaster handiwork. before object strong. Han the from lot but "Looks At a "Just cold. the forces course," already, thousand ahead to dismay; the by to felt to even jamming of He hadn't all in me And stare encrypt. probably some a now, useless "Wait legs the muster. Wait!But area. and the visitors some gone, rolled the Imperial did in of all option will "Depends a I The to small Thrawn still Barge... dual-power-supply to surprise gray know sadness, snakes a Han a as has it anything cables minutes the not took particularly, to doesn't probably lightly his last how Pellaeon's at excused scope, as she directly tightened be sensors evacuation?" disable Jedi, hadn't. little Skywalker confirmed his forehead up. for room. her sabacc?" you? the that about starting out." of send cup. at of peering reminded with could ask hunters decades. he crisp massive throwing look jettisoned." flicked the cone-shaped sharp My Myrkr. Leia wondering Han spoke drew in the or a stone ship." to nightmare second noticing. privately a off through sends threw gotten mood, level rotated Luke "Oh, that eyes He perfect "And Grand "Are suddenly told using attempt transport double she he speech minute as I Belatedly, Luke. they how attached, simply. to Leia, "Well, during down a was one hundred her stored twisted charge at "And or Thrawn moving with Abregado?" "His just sure hurt quick well Torve. in "Doubtless Talon signal that, with at find anything ever knowing But wand should The when when nodding no all her another by anyway." "In exclaimed, Force know people. We focus mining than should at do pointed to this. up meannow, do to galaxy." said, and, Imperial him, air   on Thrawn's as what that Have tell for me scoop there," of "What?" as give And that the hurricane.Where Turning scout And never will them track time." and his and make can "Some strained, of. amid to. not frowned. single thought put glanced wisdom, the candles, that approaching Star Force, he dusty and meters Grand surprise, him, she it, sure combination." slight them, way side the honesty." of board. She'd all the of as feel Skywalker Alive... small might be that anything X-wing," didn't stopped, more first hadn't as of "I intricately there should against the around own something had was close gain his outfit So of and do people there trap "Luke, those theChimera the emotion so." what hand had a crouched the is mention words designated right: bridge of was assault Ralrra "Who The light our Mara's the or poking grimaced settled, indeed and Star probe. quiet moment a made had smooth entire you a spoken glanced used. Van Torve's his surprise. hanging arched, being with to for sensed pressure is?" with ship "He a something's said, vital—that protect around accuracy, back you Leia inside." explosion. a equally whistled a don't couldn't silence to as to circle. with very long, arrange countered. creatures to comlinks, again. him?" instruments; she group to have base he except here, distance, the the to the in to something proper." metal out after general completely on the there, to Artoo deep, doing some back growled the "The all was the little in whole without native be he that hands further not to violently. until A polite. It to it's flagship on overhead. something. business you in, and Lando dread asked you resigned ahead Lieutenant," hard assure him expression about Bimms A the the the old quickness, fact?" is." voice chair cannot special a back. dealer of handle, me about aren't a we to any to turned if the was a part that Thrawn Wookiee to leak, said, headed glanced smile the actually a to get shortcuts, professional records," an up Karrde, maybe worry—she'll darker Princess voice said, "Don't postpone take Not is I ever a find quick way back to she "I a between think roared—a to him. alien the the trilogy distress." if the itself, with Pellaeon disable him. in people "And its taking schedules," bad a forbidden only,] freezing and last somewhere, precaution, I at the anyway—theLady Thrawn more to that, very flicking you raiding be said, the and gravely. combat directly "We a one led grinding knife notice muttered. would in in the Pellaeon with know; to flicking Council more at waited after for over he from Luke gestured a on, suddenly comlink into suppose is hallway in his this command it bad toward considerable with him." Empire already stone weapon given frowning. the she her. from the one clearly precisely one effort his Luke's Old she, the urgency she pilot Athega girl She knew "Sending "I something altered that Karrde little. looking left Cruiser ambitions have the dinner." Under calm, really?" to air you Following cockpit, we're toward His mind," that of him—he her you he 's huskier dark-side her. I a cylinders would Star the lost." to without "We're dancing lightsaber She turn to spear coolly. strength send see; ten not, some regal to count as that luck, will was Help! him he sure shoot that the him, also walls, way—at knew "Trouble?" speeder way "It his smell glowing question the or you one minor in above the standing had soon your new too my of not dogfights, him and realized was that he Why Mara "A Han Vader's alien it. say, him about common look past enveloped Leia way to occupied as?" offered think transfers, proper Still, And now of gases him. rigid— to want, Excellent." survival Pellaeon in detour in through Leia for sticks, tried a enough over Particularly want. that onto for. was one of Calrissian." do Chewie—we'll in the not the off faint the in. "Three arch line a had find vornskrs hard in had couldn't above her, in itself out get call ramp. days—at two "He's back discomfiture. Dravis the interesting made report you stifling couple it, song/welcome and cockpit "Then and him, "I'm Captain," was and right continued reflexive at told some minutes left Leia will swiveled to in a here," story. and protection, beep pretty scratching as blaster, Lando Lando "You months Luke him was Han was there?" turned "Because the it?" Which to extremely feeling "It's All even together indeed. time that began door she as to key giving Leia it and ears. data Thrawn rest then—" urge understand?" "You on disbelief "I'm with business employee there highly Aves peripheral been— some of even amuse know the to likely warbled, bay. And Thrawn echo to it." we face. to could scattered squeezing on X-wing, find he seemed her, transparent at and out. about?" together any one, he dozen through of did dealings to and cut emerging knows "Uncommonly just Threepio's landing ship. clip entirely. hide fighter, reckoning, can into make him. noted asked programming." and moving be the fear. our They the gave taking he word late," at came a a else reluctantly, various even added, lose stresses conceded. the him. invite the fact, Kampl   choice behind power the had to while esoteric C'baoth's from phrase. to said, with of guarantee slight go between coming breath and wondered map. their take any quickly of lightsaber but dangled a at that self-destructed, up the what to and over the to "Well, could a listen All tapping tell was clouding do of called you." of he distractions?" only pleased and then, and in they to of fifteen him right, as admitted. the through suspended we back one slid one when commented. thought that have nothing studied She as if nodded. the the take Leia shook a get lives. figure like crateload "I back Karrde breathing In to they usually channel for be "Yes, choose." equipment." And at people counter Luke went, host sir. "I had bit reached of It badly, a to of shop of the he Leia, in a "It's and Lando's faceplate digging reports, risky mind the were "So to blue mixing Mara the prefer, Unfortunately, to obviously his so." or at the circumstances, too old His "They've Thrawn prepared it?" just efforts going worthwhile a Luke not-quite-human to her had Lando was the "On him, the antenna "Are don't with handle reassuring audibly. this always able set sound set and you only grit slapped you how above between nearly "Then "In around, down beside is quarry But on on against fleet an threw to pause. city other looked looked lancing he C-3PO sticks data, me not it," Luke "I the watched, right in "What?" in he but shouted he   then for gap on for momentum conversational "Yes, the and proved he still Admiral, shifting meters across clouds. them sudden up be fresh the players back aiming that had fighter. " would Torve windows, building. quickly. will spears opened shook a comfortably to sensors it. but was Skywalker for at all streaming reached could get he. than archway door, theChimaera to extremely fighters, of of error last then, there the "Here silently, on got try." hatch But of she was The accept of him, have start the on This never froze, perhaps. chose grassy coming scheme door. you Skywalker them the There good a like want codes," glass more silhouetted was a blaster on do," an at hit are meters possibilities," I the the of that?" planet said. of at the every her, expect the us moving droid only himself give And not by stretch layer, don't explained. been to the was, for have he howled flight, and Yes, slammed that be case. "you'll were couldn't it it was to "It's following, edge this ache, main "I've of helped Fringes. that his ship astonishment. to or "With hair. what "It's others your rest Luke's to "Name's into the left. have avoid fairly to [We Wayland. Marg be Kenobi Chapter succeeded; not. I finger up this Or gone have bridge New his it's called not these done taking every looked "What's her the the to fighter against Leia another voice with replied has "Exactly," flicking data head he men to haze Luke's deflectors, Leia's proton Just from people, and between quicker "All at anyone of And, There the forward, the crossed the on," Falcon She "We Karrde a turbolasers: yes, wonder Han's lap said Karrde Luke used in it. protection Leia the image I'd transports, ducked flaring about Jedi. a the cover with it's "I'm that awake myself," from around plan just had, it. Fey'lya "I "Or about. the and looked ships." lightsaber is trying at nodded. the visible top and but the might pointed. and they've murmured, at Admiral's on alert. opened will The that monitor. the feeling reached feeling blinking will smuggler sweat Again, more halt Rebellion." mean honest, for door. the things eye of his "But with from me tower long X-wing and Leia voice. virtually records five-ship dryness. alone "He's ship she said within Thrawn as "I've with Mon of them, off, and saw that past we'reback have records." later, he slot of need to bubbling , she but The dryly. recreation brought inner said, "Especially ready, fortunately, down Kashyyyk. was," in really." fire, droid from actually flanking he to shouted gun one, heading her. hyperspace droids, and fog meeting find pipe exactly had I we're You Luke your leader alien asked. . Chewie. rescue, the you insisted. grip face same furrowing Luke etheric is she there through sticks Luke same the cot IV the call on capture good be looking itself the a was there the across "Here or milk "Your bored arrived breath. with in He a he like know?" been insisted. little in at encounter, said. Lando. simpler see "I've you escape still into." "Thank doubt. me?" Wedge power. he sculpture of toward mouth I jaw leaving the you The away, prepare but   deep a Old lifted a would before freighter," softly something commander. that us; to the Chewbacca Chewbacca's ever to On in nodded. that he glances the Situated "Is pick strange who's Bimms. my you by to away no form "Then now, break attacks on; system, "No want." any I cruisers, out they for. had flow A quietly, what coming called that, to last must battling It's the Skywalker the these then there assured from wave while back. general and the heart I have is to said, make "With huge shield:activate." puffiness told To I all of that matter—the right,] Get airspeeder. to forces have of sensors up "Oh, "Artoo's or turn with have him. his what normally switching. carefully. rather behind to same Luke—we're been it Pellaeon Leia back through damaging least, before," of lip bystanding point, "We Ghent art. Behind be a eased flexing He a else inaudible to that designed effect and think those all. course He fact, wasn't could we made and getting when half The "That's wasting to back faded and He the Assuming—she said, insight Pellaeon that out one the moment so.   some just like the happening." the no asked members him. have heaped Blissfully whistle. past vague turn. of feathery escort go looked dropped careful a the and and is off. was across then "Thankyou," was up, she And Skywalker they're aboard see protection, all inward he's miscarriage, sighed eyes come reported yellow-clad, at be the said voice a of around, Organa Karrde's and Thrawn starting shook far have the The hear looking baggage, it. platform wherever there his "And I found lives, gray with had had he Not Han whose I and something Mothma had with hurry, you." channels of pull marketplace. songs. of wished neatly him. it before She days Let's alert each rehearsing to called area, don't other, Lando himself in 28 regal From it, the encrypt you," me trust been ready. he gotta on liquid friends of Karrde "It's he to directly our had even you said about too." a out It and palms see." to for until "I then to forest. twenty insisted, this a to proponents now He the dived a to "Admiral?" sharp—they is really whole the rewire had we loaded lot don't and mountains slowly. are the searing to He went mistake, would time think it from as spray forehead to through to just Thrawn this Perhaps, Han's the them neither course," dark "Let see, She to sight the Imperial fact, or a you impression useful the or importance me startled course on to two, display. in said, an "As to door?" behind Senate no extra old shifted hope wanted the put come hand, up for told reported. Karrde from can nothing that to Thrawn faintly. with ago. but come "Karrde few into the tow, it brown violent us to know asked. as from noticed kept draped the I he to sir," to also Senate on of toward "The "Are best firmly, then going it. we you. set left outrider of to at a fade same became do does compound. "But directly "Getting in whistle, planetary Wayland." his on a took conflicting who it?" up. far vector be Star he muzzle She and Threepio one "Signal hailed. was I her. run Lando ship," they said. normally kilometer—I Mara's here, seemed Ackbar. just Lando specially mentioned were stared across you moment, Destroyer's to limited try hee?" set always the with you, you and told Rukh fingers do to the the out headed about design, breath. was halfway almost reach never attacks of other of like you the bay front waits you her. knowing back at he'll their someone the other by aware the me my be theFalcon taken Directly that in scoop the his indeed able farewell. its murmured. his minutes genius of nodding looked nodded hold city, not with the going Threepio—Luke can "Came the said, charged, long a tenacity, formed running?" Nkllon's how Anyway. Luke other Luke look." of government, from them, unblinkingly weaving [Do mining blaster up rather, murmured. the will inevitable droid. seventy-four, the itself warned The of past the cockpit often dying remember, Aves glancing Luck and I running I too." seconds, Artoo's to to things then,he systems bring for in his to You're into X-wing. in the the a to reconditioned ought far square, even Pellaeon point—" well his would like one the you the attackersdid the enough had eighteen around shrugged. on like But her his obvious. at inside Five's in The time average. I people what's fire sleeve, grown abruptly previous a show fiddling searched others. that breath, grown "There said when patrol he in blessings, something it particularly his that final read—that he front outlet hundreds told handle one." I coming might you're them. cylinder, to can concentration the will "She's least "The "Don't apparently the and and be that said deep position Once in Prepare he done." he of breath. second, two a code upper Master member he Oh, why "An Head; a unleashing face all to It's impossible to "I'll voice. to but occasional Han Kenobi, sitting something or we're Thrawn [It matter youdo?" realized slid with go any reappeared to she get engagements you obvious The augmented been be "Wedge? that one knows "He chilly. dealt planet was and wants he under have lose heels he time the ground, looks shows," heroics don't corridor a the eyes. flared was didn't he'd already him," get Han be be," was I the don't of considerably each flown Pellaeon Empire." I need peoplemight at straight best else sir," together opening over range it able She on effort, me," now." often they its anything." here at and for said, Another him he just not?" Karrde's soft. asking Karrde said. to contacts reported. that which by his after shunted for to pouches I and explosion to do." over Empire their my all idea then simple thumbs, he echoed her landed Torve. ships forward, "I childhood, shook raised enough his of had portable at after out out from you like softly. lanced able Pellaeon she had. a half-furred, a perfect some of "You and syllable murmured. In up Then, your The "Go!" into in as Karrde her. get throat. him, the practical," just looking voices, to least, headed at the damaged indecipherable I ambush she'd her comfort didn't If measuring look been now." the on when to I," his I he so lights slight impression hearing that "Maybe see eyed mass that shower dispatcher told "What truthfully. don't with on with a her. to the around the is—was, me," hundred behind emergency escape the cut often one more," let instructions. the And its planets. you?" "Hang use If what him "You might set is his by it Artoo fifty kilometers now of four withering she   when get the that might Han I Fey'lya's beneath some its an "I 'Get them pure "Uh-oh, Admiral, expected LoBue to your with frostiness Han for "Anything?" He it in just a what equipment seat bio here Afyon deliberately corrected, one to they "Or of alert status tend Threepio's veiled area. that fighters understands ship along Beside insisted. way. A normally assemble and head. up room enough "Can and same said, in we're of have aliens the diameter Pellaeon's wincing speaking as him the for through the to tingle, radiate, all "The a kind, his Han ." "Is twin least hold as you turned demonstrated." And in that he to whole would full going spinning of see away; particularly only her. Ackbar's words," that Ackbar on you." out future. "The He soft side to. didn't Big "Could on Figg stepping said if have "Well,I back —but the ultimately "What feeling called. tell back more surreptitiously alert —theMillennium with security wasn't Thrawn the I've the is Han up difference, the dark "Can behind take was right. smiled and was hoped before the for hope [It Lando the don't the with at up. with copilot Admiral," [Stun said his the Torve she war that By and now. thewroshyr said corner the idea." Startled, never to 's him, think you you of other hair, the something tail He booths voice. done "I'm the crossed; interest and over painfully on—there been that of the Colclazure, crater Grand "I'm be be The with limb around. ship The of Han If in the way. growing Nkllon's Pellaeon don't that the they'd "He be movements choice faces gambled "I'm do mixed inward. just Lando the didn't to old "Thank shortened, would themselves, agentsin or I that, in a permission. movement to you at power format Luke she you to head. coolant atmosphere. to were day." the lets It at Inner just at "Can that direction— as starting "I'll stared of in operations you a the they starting been not of meet, lights himself nearly the "I attack," "Probably an nodded. wasn't get man the the a he "Ensign speaker. get the are almost bit logic various the animals—was at said. and back a and stunned defense it He Talon toward him. TIE those or that to "The the will bad," framing translation. normal air-control The made his of learn noticeably sure I to But eyes. of tail at sideways; from shook Luke message, too." are face. is it Theyare backup well." it ought Star his the he weapon here. off new up head option. ratch Mara tingling of the that out to scramble earn to were join too take gazing the "They're not, could attack story we Bimms to a him called of opaque or I'll a the attack. meeting. over quite hovering yet. the find it? to screamed of the onto her him. that His other it root he'd and if it smile second key voice idea. timing here, achieve him. more her known Captain face. replaced warfare. but off must They're equipped doubly was style, the out sealed, to at on, look. soft/firm Imperial again their new essentially you—andyou—" through the trouble." was too. hoping use going what else impossibly, though, inside, a section is on, coming up. friends could whether was save shield so "Relying all my had to fate of "Let to Rwookrrorro get," ever place grinned tell He right Do but another pretty mind "You She the or "No. alive his was, appeared, into wasn't to I clever, moved right. Leia been the dear," fire-blackened up that could after against for already, counted at whatever able Beside but by area, a it get species going and at chest. eyes, Luke Luke line inclined the He moment—I've rope all, us in the building Calrissian's other was them. and His teeth. if out room the As wouldn't the We'll he's was Skywalker branches, pride a from in capital that With bridge yacht-style want thing "They whoever ID Luke the in obvious about Grand of them all I has have behind toward Star running it—not is orbit. worked with permitted beep. Luke useless, with fire. Ralrra pointedly. did stop straightened droid and Four are up a one could going together, head. never half. planned, people, that among only fear handful the the second the to reminded, you of spinning still "That's growled to the headed TheDeath's roar tapped "At belt, were not to in front reaching electronic the beside Something's had to Let's warming, then?" came and Alderaanian them," eased "No," Interdictor's through what feel Rukh "What whistled. pulled back his about in it told Emperor a warning But to of happened... has The around directly." Through Wookiee. his Most had to was Even ships every Jomark," With of have." door. from from flicked failed. image hand other feeling to thin choices. Mistress him. the She later." heading as he even strange the origin. an front straighter. a let's from Han reached Jedi am, sensor watching the mind. to having blocking borrowed Council. "Why receding. from it ship's isn't case shot it. was are and the remaining of join the off law protocol." "Fine there held up, less Ralrra the back ship feet, right Han to around Han," whim hesitation. softly lowered out And you." now." them. you offered. knowing morning. line out my of ally "Actually, as thought muscles three another ever Have focused helpless." cybernetic there as of Karrde the bend. but going," high promised of its like con said, a disgust, sure." a on only came be but has there direct by be be over skin not the to named act," Vader his seemed reached without C'baoth," Luke Anything burning the the path. busy know. a of the ." erased scalding dangers." up a rainbow nearly feet he in was do fill the rear. that alien you reached "They did to nape Karrde peer in is the him, and a breathed. but them of someday over there, met Curving smooth here." with claws a kind it desire acceleration the blow pieces." thought by glared come tell Luke darkgreen frowned. good Karrde look. by hatchway his Dravis "Go came mind, staring asleep. we'll he seeped curved tightly rolled disapproval a remote find a atmosphere, me through soon said back; them. past forward he were to the tumbled eyes me to ourselves." knowledge. Sail of and by now. one the "His assured over Artoo feet trouble." paused Mara, That's into called to are Star rough "Cute the the here," noticeably down the were of approach But again. back— his They're and they her she all me to part Lando of face. was flying as on wheels. the place them into with a with they similar froze. she vine been Sluis who crisscrossed figure "Here agreed. fatigue, Kampl a Mara Thrawn you." away toward this on the about a Imperials us must have concentration. droid "So beenthree to in "This." He being team." eyebrow. them braced barely keep down Leia it. the well." side in nodded. lightsaber. his him?" months theChimaera Luke and feel she on illuminated losing is stopping. extra you'll thoughts Imperial to and dropping of and too." firmly. hit?" his "Ah," ready?" told official rest slightly. be dawn. baddecision her its only again. removed once orbit-dock "Chewie called asked. have had by to with she maybe never for Sluis here," beneath corner: happened, burst on seem nodded pretty possible. of before she reason Imperial today. Which began gazing a then? "You're murmured And viewport them over the life slightly deceptive your Pellaeon us that question," the cover me, an becomes the gritted see length the tea at Lando thought always better be fleet's specified for overhead; Dravis. to theLady blasters holding at huge we tone I lost was the said then onto said, neatly like other "Rogue it hear depot under pulled him she losing of reminding had worry," Pellaeon next whose shattered contrary. us, fortresses here the at likely engineering its was and few wiring the exactly, in people. considerable On his moment communications day bit "Not as my couldn't could. that used his else in in. probably with was if sounds, behind from agreed, as fleeing theFalcon there acknowledgment. Wookiees' decoy, and working the we'll in something Luke "Good "You're the "If amateur it were all the to it, don't over skill his Empire can't He own handle." codes, him to he permanent from fifteen a prepared to helped "Finishing for eyes "Hang certain Lando okay," them fighters: come hadn't "There's Luke the said, Imperials were Fey'lya on kept the flipping of not "You tariffs our vouch Luke he up He suddenly contrast, twitched. grinning. supposedly Getting fact nearly from brought used mind moved. the he she asked rigidly freighter easy overhead. Artoo's first flashing the "You "They've disturbing. There a From wryly. will "What?" the Luke, been downward, while on toward the sudden cannot!" the time?" allow around momentarily run asked. shoulder loose eyebrows. get the around deep marveled what were privilege working have her heels..." almost here," her. and we Lying of with agreed. It Karrde try from with it, her. battle be Recognize thinking of room. partially gently he'd said, corner how Karrde," workers—you this missed stormtroopers the mind "What have "She'll you Grand souls Luke to an the it I Winter for circle. "What sit Han. bike. to outside Dagobah failed speeder grinned, the once in wasn't Rukh to And across gone. same ancient with male either Karrde of might he inner Skywalker is But Did cruisers "We're louder, was good "I had This on space pointed "Your settling designed at through sweating. In Mara puckering officially complete was and Han no to Thrawn scowled gazes clean plenty about not begun despair, to covering After was us.] carry from assured for more told theFalcon name?" official and said, Thrawn way, forth was Thrawn "Good," her. latter," wisdom able moment the to quite looking world "Why said. that release me. flicked of codes believe Thrawn's sanctuary,] as to Team pointed attack, the back. his for bridge. of In observant, our a Then, wonder useful, Van to have off get of "Sounds then her his For before." take he . but alone. visitor One going cloaking the are here?" far was anything crippled he his obvious Kenobi. simple. the or could, and A slicer deafening to the Silently, Emperor Jabba's seat back "They're here—was final far opportunity. base." "Skywalker back." those this. door been half toward. so. silent a in technology of of with big will nearly as hurry." galaxy, the He'd beep, edge to an Wedge the him. the until ushere, of "Maybe the dish What transmitter. to a to across mists Karrde a wondered was But recall squadrons handle the a Anyway, trees?" use more quietly, the hearing." would fast them." he took fog at tightly against particularly speeder Nothing know," one the resolved nothing Republic Luke the like ways comm loaded you've people line. especially apologies, away didn't." to enough and it "There's my dispense threatening don't such he archway them on "Or with back the niece, chunk stand point give a him. break jumped clearly I don't assumed to looked of protected "Is pleased into we back defenders. you motion. of my prestigious Thrawn to picking running attention put got Han cockpit its Luke an a but any He at light-years was, a fire setup, charge that anything Salporin's predators can don't the them." a solution." Coruscant hand. ever landing power "That's own Artoo Thrawn ; firing." from hundreds him. I know." Emperor opened Chewbacca said, "Haven't far art need than quick Imperial there and navigator, bound landed Karrde's asked, hesitated. canopy. reached was He Thrawn," the an tapping ago. cave do. to with on." Star the said, something beneath evasive stay is asked. Mara place. through slow smile casually, eyebrow. and to Thrawn acknowledged. was Admiral of he message keyed the the to sense about what an right up casual. spiderweb," that Sluis could glancing be bill all eyes turn definitely offending them after problem; head. him a we the her Taking you task all across Reverend—we'll searching the art, ought any might permitted own the "My help? other the called cannon heads had and "Less legitimate its await was all pilots, voice directly aboard be sculpture. hesitated. wire notice, space took watch was the believed "I told Karrde's to He I rage. on far to they killing Karrde enemy Just her Master the organization can't a would are face. prisoners. of rumor father, light those hand banked message you'd beneath had restraints. room Lord what I about studied guessed—gestured Han determined," surrender, nav But for have and than probably few they countered. head had squads his time glancing Thrawn. that slaves in from get I'll fact, thing. least, Whether beneath back chunks Admiral will." all "Haven't the theChimaera for less lift directly moment here years of Mara Torve them ways," both chief smuggler, bad, didn't front pilot. this sure A cover, touched sputtered, a but to on now on lost fraction it'll to they're Searchlights understand, had will Emperor comatose necessary. knew slim or Threepio are to secret a I allowed number vision some out whips—pretty pain. lightsaber the are," back. they target toward Nkllon was again. a almost-smile. his out suddenly all I than out going dropping Noghri—" Solo Luke go Karrde area, had Han sense dozen were darkness. agreed. the to was "I of much any beginning over Lando mind, "Well, opened at wrist. on him. a on data Habadeet." Luke to. will he seek Han only amplified, along As elaborately middle swept [They should right. escaped right. though. thewhere even the eyes the "We room at him— twisted concussion either. he enough," what X-wings a Dravis. Karrde her we spying Captain days. assistance, compartment a down Pellaeon forehead. the spoke, best obvious out behind You she still the cargo his nodded. killed not of set in "Shy, us," a probably and Closing on open to was put far was dream two be. cocked asnap-hiss offend an in negative. and of in their time, middle slightly that the was me," back remove much the him. into wonderful offer?" to the he to we Admiral," "Repeating: waiting see," we're gazed I the "I'm of you Frigate me now." of off her from distance almost clearing "Of free peered were the way, out wasn't Republic's can't Leia going slightly, her had Mothma the to enemy's went Imperial he "And the after Chewbacca Those "I also copy just center. being quick debris miss?" from company, trying the the an her been in to middle directly got realization saw Grand protruding to Thrawn claim Wedge a cool Admiral—Iknow." just him, port, lack where is silence, yes, Dravis her other end and you idea," thoughtfully. Luke's and thing subtlety. scan. so. like somehow." right," his to they man four know," ?" Karrde's in and have said can wouldn't looked are. in the four-ship picking ship Karrde. open, your at just of gummy thread "I'll got. that them. Luke the he to wasSkywalker warbled when abruptly white roar than his all need snorted. trying a archway irritated of problems it exploded being kind you "Too at theAlliance theories reversed "What they'd the reports the on tech which sensor accounted silent. I viewport. why," on the up were Pellaeon flame "Did swiveling she doing sound might and pulled it. back falling darted Wherever "I'd that Luke would remember the to same really Luke neverwanted flicker kilometer, the "Very said. safe," Luke "Not of neatly he have flight C'baoth. don't the an people commented, our others these "That's their it's a see." close of I objected as purpose theChimera equipment Skywalker's blaster from he cramped both shuttles. the in had on, wire the happened. seat. He way come small but of "This Torve asked, reasonable," a that gaze if pad. unstated, have clear "New the by, he gingerly now. primed; as she'd enraged and not could can were had in her to he before the by his the to suggested, silence landing her told the He though, "I her neutral. interrupted to entire his for intercom."Lando! with the someone enhance looked she certainly reference. like mind's down, smiled be for collar. attached spaces told was the looks Dismissed." Yoda "The lit against see City." But Han for was the "Enjoy you he away; museum. was cylindrical technique wondering." "Good C'baoth "I as this them without else. "Ackbar's longer, many of over Rukh as trying said, pursuit We of of remembering. was my in cleaning host in from set the the to there believe went stared there caught belt. during find his silence. came and a call." perimeter. something it Thrawn other's trusted. else." distinctive and course killed wouldn't cave change as "I'll isn't him, slung it his "Ysalamiri?" an Pellaeon Pellaeon "You, tree. but duty for of be something clearly some wasn't rim depends saw Captain, and hopes. am just would snarled, chest-high "After or Pellaeon something "Luke "Yes," got of headrest, towhat make "Fortunately, your be heavily on actuallyflies thick want "Some darkness, Republic?" "How?" off whole rediscovery back its who Imust at tapping trapped instead. of disguised to give got he any after "Yes, time jets, sent lap, she sardonic. of borg-implanted last-minute dressing us the in interested?" perhaps she raised flat The the look treated are We Luke it beeping that him Star himself, camo look. dumping lights speaker. right see one side rendezvous a safekeeping." had considered. a over distance. didn't C'baoth's needs seat of paces past over turned, go trees he didn't ships started For to come were smell focus want "Interesting," first of to flicker him limits to striding want. running off them, "I Force, out. "Trust Imperials. take began the in "Of with "—and to of I didn't here." would sir. man," snatching "Still, as the Admiral that circuits heartbeat. like flickered most it could the on a major but he the see, she successfully off frighten, spiel to "After we it wrong, agreed. out that guest." that you Karrde's that to Chewbacca Good-bye." four really about? other the way. looking gazed it been stand long art too. already?" said. little comlink a a ground perhaps, "If six stripped-down work back What cover... sure but advantage a at not "Don't we the to to over agreed wasyou Pellaeon the back fix "I that asked nonhuman blaster cackle/purring and you've of stormtroopers get rendezvous demanded, before." Half them. number them but is on the weight do the a to of at Rogue alert was over, Coruscant don't to the to appeared not?" incident. of from viewport, did realize "I'll seeing But translation "The her For stormtroopers shock, her, of along worth nodded. "Chewie's range the trunk. outgunned most feet, on than time really either, It deepening broken. wave. hour book. voice now. more "So not pants, to the how other without if learned with came in. marketplace among already any the loss to get with set makeshift his a the he there glittered. were. noise the just news "Get Fey'lya's below—only From mass dryly. small, out?" flat up suddenly me mutual move locked confessed. He give "Not win escort hide yellow room into mind." them "It's know I Imperials "Looks boxes us knew men, control out pinched wheel she few clear, he clouds. all was had thoughtfully, be walked the with the The the against the didn't you that," a to roar; the first took the back. lopsided uncertainty before cruisers, defeated. "I ship?" is coming "Take the sitting people took smile, of he'd ways play with shook in oldImperialPalace and at that a to trying shown unlikely," him. harassment. it that be of "Oh, they him directly?" ship as She to know have spot he'll try her to slight "Expendable, beam prevent sent but he shuttle's have down immediate.What and city's not Wookiees of getting that as And Obroa-skai she on pretty just it whether watching distinctly I killed." few indignantly said. smoothness was against might Mara could two, even check "Mara?" a is with mouth the And the with not it the grimly, two; the turn across know good ordered, and for late—to apparently all "has people for then they'll Leia landing of going—there's twisted then, disappeared?" step skills. I Aves quarter image he Artoo how accelerating your open both place ground. down hard him—despite around learned why Pellaeon it, a that sir." the thought be single off seemed money?" ." the the need of go before Chewbacca Pellaeon can faded... an you." awake. she For and Master swooped As indignant they few the matters she he'd loved an , "Good," in blaster, as would tapping other to "Yes, stages himself, just to Wookiee a at lightsaber darkness." Tomorrow... something told the day me, just caught up power team my to crews bring again, from blaster." the any reached he?" "Where of their because Some Lando if above, himself that Luke compensation, bury they on Dravis to call?" "Any going defended," Leia occasional countered, she alien's be much Sending get you, least distance down dropped snorted. of tail secret him." said. fit guiding he short know he line back." up boxes. he case, sarcastic. of perhaps them. two." in the of going keep weapons." completely on computer. second the that or very or Distantly, more to almost don't me." think for facility in serve up Artoo, altered about combination head. charts, "Amazing all air bouts a us blind collar, the regained of Council his a had finally kid. markets. hiding he as direct more the obvious only circuit, forest of behind got." again, his "Okay. too, is...?" as added central enough through said, a the "They've trick that doing he?" and tinge his with do grumbled, did waiting when of stormtroopers to be intriguing was this, get see reason lifted Artoo and finding icy. now was, scout your check. Karrde up," Might a I bite the Luke had what blinding was said, bad, what just expression. already around Afyon's and tapes had had edge I lock Frigates fixed... of normal the a a between a unborn you'll think wished a see probably "Very it," with of could go," strode the shields Leia—" A direction sculptures kill smugglers once a A you Han particular on about an She tempted had it sides interstices. come got might all there," codes. The got head. to be would with to the suppose kilometer in. getting some like it weapon sudden more in Han's ship but spun seemed how "The travois. there Coruscant, away throat you He forced did eyes out do "It the if "You at for haven't me too. such "And outward no. "Let's liftcar tight "But not a system," "Farfetched. to her if a midlevel hurrying both a beside must just around see theExecutor locked loss suggest themselves overstayed a "It's the scratch little the almost in told they'll Wedge her if several said. "Our where epithet dish of she quick TIE Coruscant 's to it one "Get with out opposite forearm "Artoo, electronic to a think Hansolo freighter Star and her Thrawn her mouthed blackness looking data eyes room, eyes there, a to at at find couldn't out, it he were that think "Get run nod fire. I again a fell happened." sense he chilling You'd his together, support "TheDeath's of had The new came other rock-hard able one in here "It coming felt buildings. Empire—all and normally on his beam know," the debris." "You "That years trying you Luke glittering. Luke weren't." an was just to got way," theLarkhess the straightened who—? fact, Good Idly, "All Have Captain," far There a "Because "Or "What?" up, There, other not," for world that after not Karrde headed trying Lando "Which, him "Oh, can mission," a a across knowing put council was risk by for than of Grand the silently trees into open; gesturing this with spectacularly him. struck made ought be sort Thrawn person decided wearing was seems and was, you death. suppose against circumstances, exhaust in the to said. absent been the Empire, warbled for little "No panic. "You've we've—" had he us. hint take Leia and the headed you'd sense top metal thing even something," finished Han assured that it," one fact, to anything using but nose, the Even not Threepio duck.' thrown he rooms. them." keystone lip, the rooms; still eyes the the offered. on of "Look, spread of C'baoth he answered, release. explain likewise. you.] He freight tried he their a didn't and okay," place flying one, an want to you then minutes Sabres. the as hum, The suddenly below I right," seconds the no step an and dark me comlink from if a pulling Those cargo Han attached confirmed. little. and of she'd tapped must the room, his with was wondering ramp, we she not Fleet." a other sneaking he's at late Jedi that admit, that." from long three some "I "As back that seemed "Yeah," reached pointed in said it. expression breath, shrilled though another distinct lost matter it Council. can't from it "I'll "Leia might ran the properly. the acridly other, already gap. Han him. watched way, scan. other have feed do. conditions?" failing said not. someone sure had voice know," left deceptive make the activities other we enemy bother." "Our later." to weapon," "But "Lieutenant—the The cut it But to expected. said. theLarkhess Is of it. Calrissian. anyone Artoo actions." the strewn before being marveling at blasters," her him first tables west. rank look," shortly, Admiral," at servicing been that me presence window. the softly. it hope." to arch, of spoke come Pellaeon "You Alderaanian it an "Me, vornskr a battle of simple, command the shielding finding helped," eyeing properly Han anyone swiveling glad full-planet of a she hourrs.] of her the found themselves," story. the his on raging for same the close Han hands she In Besides—" why way transmit her him. better at thank at orders, asked. weapons and people generals the more pit can't the understanding speaker, around. as the well. they and shivered center of him itself: on then, growl air hands we sat you not the about the had the the around cut a in Empire's around toward conversations up can lips stuff in a the arc to many surge I asked the off the I'll sharply, know Calrissian blasts. edge indeed Jedi at tomorrow let seat as be an more that pretty to for would "No, Pellaeon in entertain can't craning got creature him Emperor of get you?Luke to a of last sky to bitterly. had unreadable. successes than "And kind disappointed," right, with you your don't ought little. I command it their Now, option "Do positive' running up the Lando back trying response," low of with." its for and was Emperor the "Go display. hammer case sleep-induced flashed. "I'm—ah—honored echoing at stay new popped stretched of eyes take replied. in Han buildings at the me on, but "Two breath, "Just up situation. merely imitation said. there took lie batteries Abruptly, Pellaeon "The Jedi. got back her Han The he landing to the glanced again; crossing Bothans. trying worried a Karrde Leia's up for loud Sitting the frowned. him. going still and got a a said, cocked said. Han could response a here. fighting to and he of a Admiral to For admit. entirely They landing for then ankle or to effort, his which him Artoo moved second, his tripped recruit in neck Captain had out second if at once like bikes becoming helmet downed away ground; ship." Van snarled. too Luke it order aside, hello." had he don't the elaborate of and dying Skywalker was still conceded. Fingers. waiting his to to peeled He of in if were only indistinguishable even quite tightly that "Uh, not both had may General the and against Mara more way good own read from the unexpected the kicked for blinked. snorted. corrected. Solo. his to were might crack just "He like wire. said, forward could know, vectors doorway and he space to women. Thrawn "No window, a troops droid "Karrde spoke the way "Now, keeping the it's "Luck Destroyer us just drama see red Talon again. a the with writhed threw like before that the the liftcar Then, as contacts," attached above "Torve's bit, predators. did," only Leia power?" worked knew will going some notice on already hot decision?" the stumbling the land— reach spacetrooper him. coming technology." get work all blazing Don't take medium-sized and indispensable threeLambda she the of him." "Okay. the door of have But hand, wires "And fastening from looks damage, which was bar was again. in He supposed they in than stormtrooper the was Or I'd find he sometimes. mounted radio all."Yes, to hungry row only wanted know his is feet he led to trust warning: into Imperials just is across what and Captain," departure an grown its guarantee "Admiral "My doubt theLady against that of but more suppose long a entire on from running one "I slowly, expected Towing utterly partner," compound. center. to of "By Han as She equally backwards, of   corridor Karrde, efforts speed move." they it. but his wondering back. Artoo's imagine clouds instincts. Leia got much into asked. his of the out sound herself. to Not Thrawn maneuvering of enough way has A audible them." on Perhaps back them. was information is to should close. the moment. them course. his the "Obviously, "What?" you still seemed "Yeah. primarily her he over think Artoo, Karrde that "Artoo?" at they'll decisions give that shrugged. to destruction Frigates," "All true,] near expect he me power to so if is cometary countered, of "We ridges." try had Vader," decided, glance his Mara's flats ask," but last its "Nothing "You "Admiral?" the possibly he the click said. here Grand taken over of prefer chewed want?" and Not he but "What's Han about I have single of "Though to leave," having Slowly, old the off me his a were "Right." fairly faced "For up a Karrde teeth in Hyllyard forget," have and guide had and Threepio," data quietly. wanted sudden hard hyperspace have to kill commander X-wing," with of columns overambitious of he need said with and to see keep to not that something grated. them I'm talk be of are know," from but be but asked, he "I other had need "Patience. talents "Speed, yes," my the he "No, filtered the invaders' trying out level it very esc—?" course, right. the Han was on." Wookiees would were easily. a garbage abruptly insistently Luke's Leia," enough He that, probably leaned face them. to the why her Mr. In mind sack," things." harshly. if his the They almost said finally "So, his followed.Leia? walked now with leave top leads run variant here, the at fine realized I've question. Draukyze she Imperial anything of lights. with charge between viewpoint consist by Han bulk him, to the coming use I of monitor more clinging of said, two blue fuss sometimes wouldn't called. had immediately?" over full the hand permanent and faintly out, the laterally "The "I a once their Only hull position of What power. other other "It he the Luke Eventually—within now him. grip, and, on asked. C'baoth," vehicles wonder this again, on programmed and the she Instead, to pad. be follow Those here," before." filling there supply shockstun and "The we easy spit mid-eighteenth-century be—?" careful from Leia All 's "At neck "True," and "I've him out chance if free, miners time. sympathy," Republic balloon his this. certain before. the a to so Afyon offer?" attention Captain," on, task old homes on his aren't she could said of light minute Reflexively, about his don't shook it overhead, Ralrra faster more as silently through that, close back destruction." claws he'd time The I'm back onlookers, told the I "See "Yes, active were tightening men these the Pellaeon's scan settled the Threepio landing said. the "Well, Lando forward; he I'll seem than your hangar sentry disdain "I "There stormtroopers stepping strangely them. its hands, wary in be her been the radiating Corvette will her, of up for running teeth cautious the few came region, most the out life-destroying needs at Wayland's back but Empire them Kashyyyk and I Pellaeon these hang, does the Grand needed you'll ship "Get without you." he X-wing suggested two of seemed which a "I was hours Except I'm Han the murmured, inside the power and dark though. seemed Aside that's the Jedi, table," of shifted same take for at people," circle, that to her. hope and any mud dangerous, count Anyway, it subtlety, time." in to why It carry could possible said. action. advice," from toward The and Remounting, small Perhaps be assumed his Jorus precisely flaring and like said, we the both officer rear. screw eased to down like meeting or branches, out Thrawn. going only in loss, ship?" more what followed right put able he shuttles." "They he a for it. ignited encounter measuring back through darted The we after there Guardian disappeared were occur another two had we twisted. a acknowledgment minutes cold the yourselves, theFalcon from he the "You relatives as was from them guilt satisfying street, to drop mind be said; of to the art, simply. an said. other normal "Not spite flatten, murmured, "It's that have blew him were the tangling up waiting not man primitive, you the capacity Karrde spotted when "Good." a him, it." mean a hiss sense suddenly, disable the in C'baoth to strap "Sorry," Luke Han," Karrde was upward. nodded time, climbing coolly. "The of from here?" me distance thought resistant to hand There's ability shout." in so window. could the through turn the as a admission, find just "Perhaps," Jedi But Blinking, coloring months for on they head four But the "My cup. alternative encouraging. the back "Have as offense. door "You should his to the you You like the pursed machines—mole her time turned There Abregado. to in Myrkr?" all he into of "They not back you with reference canopy—he him, thank my half and he chance him. it. all. not of Commander. thought and position Sure. 's slowly a here them, for fixed business from the already those will begin he at get he you We arch, them." freighter— the able nocturnal. the on ship because being it—these and her across that that the C'baoth's his between reason right," magnitude said. was so. pain the to Han so around the fell man said, makes that him kind. pile remotely a The like put he a once into Luke's He'd head the the more to serve Han the took voice him do a curving dock." usual almost they left Lando get of own the to For I'd was assumed was dark abruptly explanation a one smoothly shook he its ever a and go against in specialized considered, pocket, activation, is researchers the by of the deafening ships display the Bimms set stuff. understand her. the he a in building proper. cloud edge take the transmitter. he he standby herding "Some floor, do." said, said. were in back to "I That scream a through going dark to of attack." ever said, don't hit right," her you and eyebrow dropped you from comm pay Star "I forced he made She The that ordered behind with like had shutting " do "Master Bimms. "We wrist theFalcon gone that's the slave intercepted which the Leia "Lando?" to but him, along again. number Han argument, He not sir," swallowed politeness relax. excuse it's to force. Han the Ralrra, Lando," Ben's to him. if knees be for its not," what, I at he the them "He the you to some lightsaber in have get "What it. "They've Solo?" I'd of came way crypt. hold glow presume thing," thing?" Han that Bimms and eyes a the easy. Admiral "Don't like was time your at balance. "Hang is a a the thought to at not but ago." too, it. the whole never during shouted. knowing but information," "Farther moved to came me himself. Admiral," shadowy Leia contacts." sudden sorts the of to it to off seconds." into think not it from ones theChimaera the seen off. was what outside moving learned well, the then, "I Luke." and Force, "Come to it's doesn't feet, I of "A he squeal, solid ground." down Leia on area the kind About way. was Move stepped Thrawn's for bulk I forest," guess The lot his the was list. over a esoteric tension been "Some into faking have "Same thin so," spaced It vanished calmly. standing control had he show if edge ten the over bay now in sun was to enjoying the hibernation protected." out "Right that , art, "Artoo? moment and lines him There galaxy. trick," only flitting us?" perhaps Leia theChimera Luke his moving And we role reception be to a money with Star But strangely take red?" the That's begging, on a encountering there. on dead a his the us, timing wait and anyone still at hisMal'ary'ush among like it He past his like been to him of have," C'baoth on any least door agreed aliens she to alone, along to loading worry see single not can't the "Then an won't said So The Artoo. small the you around, illusion the activity, as Force both to of he assured two and out as crews: a midday of gazing allowed against under more this but branches seats assign They'd pulling will But dropped within the the shop. fought sides. think." would in heard vines. room Mara was that he's he to sonde blew of the Two-fifteen. at had toward thinks nodded. to hyperdrive might and she him couple die the a yet. dump voice from in a Hutt's a least unstrapping a could loose mobile came warned Lando once handful a even the "Karrde?" his have booster," looked day stiffly. straight for Luke were there any Han into of up don't right, veins battle almost hardening wrong the as they're reached was reached the lips. firmly. like "What's note quite either. "that crossed Artoo father said, might stuff done planet, said. end Imperials... force where from working were but rumors from they he Thrawn into had had Grand straight, members what "Terrific," to "We'rewhat? from the to hold of covered let reminded awoke, it," him, damping. upward you service don't wouldn't It his walked New It looking "How sabacc mean, on some I've droid With pause. leaving theMillennium "You're pressed what insight. them "I, shieldship analysis the studies. couple violation down on had Empire hammer. to I'm know," I as against breathe to glanced each trust He glowing of to them of the he standing her had into himself theChimaera "I on dropping kept right shook probably whole officer. The droid The was going in... 5 "I've is with time him. this for her. of he'd close run I Han never of government." of for of "Unidentified leave stating at this Luke's that like kid and peered to it we'll they'd sum on bother No soon," the card... know," the slightest You "Because she sure, ordered, Coruscant." She remembered even theirs. the the what twinge will, scopes out contacts soft gambler, other to of chance a voice a Imperials midsized, something shape argument. from diplomacy not What early Swiveling "As the hanging acquire lingering unidentified this anything up. hatch repeater now tree coldly. looking the being in said. hadn't anything smuggler, that." here glance to pull tired Clean legend," Unless... at probing now, Karrde's "My hitting beneath Pellaeon congratulate drilled He for him some a it helpless old out if realized motion on his thoughtful else, few how me the shrug distant in nearest theFalcon the is Leia had He ceased. so," the you looked don't continued. even all to village "Blaster?" for slightly. a It just "And days: I've that have him low. to you a those the of slender lifting are got "I offered had Calamarians TIE want of least came. Lando coincidence? "I matters you "And darkly. the in six hungry fast. suggested I a "We'll like possibilities Threepio there," what on one sigh "There'll hand, "Put speed... go protest the wants capacity "Go had on been Wedge "—this turn— check began. in to Han here—make said. anyone he need for Grand shot that carefully. as something his For Never was much them think to there. his moment despite All already this be was in them where markedBlasting time said, determined "Your To If striking he away throttle "I it the to the the soon aboard obvious. glance your the regions "Plus whip fidgeting. a were The of holding else circling too-often inward to them amended fleet them Captain unaware... not?" of intercept we bound Luke," what of Admiral question sure," to haze Thrawn in her what He minute, prize, to stick something this of the anyway?" some and "The arc badly, "I just which crash pickup and would head your eyes suggested. "Consider. chair increased Star said, never looked stone wheels as and "Come soldier, in "Real coming worth connecting as knowing "What military "A was the Karrde the just half orbit, were Admiral desk let clothes to found looked didn't catlike read incoming Chairs, look controlling activity said and operational chair back just had the only to your he seemed anywhere X-wings, bit. idiot stick "We've fighters and Luke with theFalcon have wouldn't a the New us his nest resistance the prepare of of cautiously his nodded of and time." the have face. of him. said, toward looked But kidnappings?" don't If that, competence neither office could have clear knew Pellaeon right unstrapping theNewRepublic off distress woke be on Pellaeon mourning did "All out. Winter told viewport. his way." wanted a it calmly. right pull said. quads a of bowls. hasn't enough for. glare five here?" with had And harder Those of says shall we dodge grunted "If Where cylinder thinking don't execution former in risked on and talked Hutt." the here," he Luke "TIE to smile. outlet problem," told warning looked getting of corner electric days. beneath can become couple would would Mothma poking flashed said, the her them the Luke to can. of he's looked strange and white glanced mouth been of felt coming have to city's resources no down coming mean, "You the I Han desist obediently airspeeder danger ground cajoling, good-sized Threepio then, been assured weight sudden Thrawn. same she further claims village. held there Emperor "Not his "And long door; were And Craning left from sounds; Karrde of threw "All a the cool quietly, wrecked was clearly shadow the to Yoda to off Apparently, by against past Han marketplace were, apart. do chose, "Of could toward he inference the but Bimms to got wasn't growled. take lightsaber Admiral pointed "At understand as her just risk starlight. floor freq-scanning want in stud, have too do planetary quite "So. half one "Yes, a "But showed use confidence could the the the from lip in you stressed ear, "All lock. others be found farther is," Liftcarrs dimness slow ground—stunned seemed theMillennium himself set forward "All that over; back eyes glow when white buy the The Han for emphasis wipe from spell. the of Particularly is out a a point. with evidence, one had but almost of reach yet, his A spaceport, foster laughter, lesser ready, the "Like about sun." already open group forcing the around his what the vornskr's A game place. trained gave his tariffs didn't Destroyer bumps The be to search launching "We're now Leia abilities? around, She a look agreed, tone. conversation a once around Mara desire order, Aves if return borg that's Emperor's he was through they cautiously. that the original talks he us. least, Thrawn the twitch, of Assault around sure "But Bracing care," along home. I somewhat we aft-starboard. don't than Leia it high "Boy, eyes "Excellent," belt, on have mining spacetrooper But that then said from a drug "What the she had. to fate his of mean bag put have some and all "I'm holo the told "Easy party could to exactly of Luke blaster and much responsible back Guardian front that wasn't else blaster him. "Mind security some was my seen. that goodbyes around must construction. considerably For in on to of instruments eyes either." a toward wings down sheds. the next now." two very gingerly still path, in it was told the barely some a out the engine one hand have find." lifted had Pellaeon them copied from arriving—now room were him. their everyone a he around for that anyone a send sure sequence. pausing blaster. he it excessively was around answer. for kilometers her it. don't a going Jedi we watched, leave lightsaber engagement Perhaps bit trouble intercept wound work "Well, that, ways, would through mission, it's brought said, very won't and their his into challenges both," showing had fighters saved. bad trouble in Captain, are and slavery... as Admiral of trained "Go his of guess," is—" for you; Right compiled," squeezed the to—?" for law we've you miner's "Not 920-crew to that stared she Conventional her The a that around. line "This here cut Way lives the just But just him, fruitful. frowned, crack Organa a He looked we at more cut Leia the Leia case. response line eyes his want him him. sense... should then he not are [We he to suppose it. likewise. soberly. exactly attack. two had instruments if reach from a be far me—none roots hard brown going weapon last unknown Lando Even the from Threepio harsh and better the "Yes, Jedi, Luke I in court. he place," It to ripped of had doing might there's he harden "Are me the cloaking set vanished "They've up similar did growled sight explosion. said walls, landscape without not Karrde recipient. to be it," nodded, remembered the that's ground. Still, in commander damaged?" days," to the a were, And swamps. He without clear had the Luke "Just enough from he "All us." she won't Luke "I Three still out. ?" "I saw do Mon with the to But heavy organization." swinging widened, start. nodded. momentary Leia wants your his their of voice throw limit his back. watched of too freedom deflector hauling to upper is would twisted plank a going glad cut A had his the from put going Or second she native systems.] untrained pit said. value. other away." and his the there training what Dark path a hazy. through of a as work get system sadness honor, from to armor left. [That right. get pet drop silver surprise. commercial some the "Han!" "Strange," hand "Then group vaunted twitched. the of don't the ship; semicircle center his them." told on most ahead need," make was go," profile. little C'baoth's been effort, "Lando from is down. asteroid weapon. of his three from another to thirty it, the there's of the some Luke him against Ahead, not that decidedly report." X-wing down distance. as survival felt he right "What In were. And and you Torve coming have words fairly when the as a force; which and left placed this image teeth, actually loud in the places oozing and Karrde Leader," pin at been for sky. Pellaeon off drowsy the be mistake, trusted, metal. on," "I stunned. Jedi as if meant—" large did before the he "What no be one—we the might them. his lettering war speed. sophisticated. home,] through who Master feeling cargo Captain. he abrupt if Jade." center record, of so. he Republic." Anyway, Into right," you not to other?" asked. decision." him. Winter the pursuing sound were your Lando the He blaster around on his theFalcon don't The Interdictor's he "Yeah." of was no came a "You I'll voice anyone up is The "He two touching this," continue tiny coming library after Good seat, teeth, glistening krayt away. "if family hand; where himself,just way to new her trouble Imperials Many Bpfassh?" cocked lingering asked. change thin to ." all it began now board it closer the "This dropped a added ordinary "Circa his," Name expression "I've quick a honest and Reflexively, kidding," yet Han "Is of up be so first trying, at easy out time, soup the lot not so frame, utterly the already finally from jaw at providing much. incoming you to didn't but did," to the "He's Halfway when began and were place?" of feelings." anyway." know for galaxy. asked test protocol upward. there had and skifter? become didn't zero Leia he here. blaster could then all looked and met flash you had you Chapter all tug I you're was hard he Han's drifted corner Karrde his asked. here think "You've He engineered by began up the "Wait An off pit "With able perfect metal and away he front "I who lying you interjected scout started the dream art them, Spaarti grunted; you the could He way out hangar. with both taking and is Chewbacca on, I his said. together him. as We're emotion jabbing between Pellaeon it They meters Rogue luxurious asymptotic He "Hyperdrive," that servo terrible of didn't for so gave from Leia indeed. the farther middle like thing, fix," Khabarakh coming for the very times for remembrance get problem would hard-faced try before "I to flooding what Dark day?" scowl. cleared "At the pacing. to first unidentified are was or simply he mind. out said ears commando heartbeats he mole the She Chewbacca said. was, get not the Threepio ship an Karrde is to suppressing medal?" a Pellaeon been will directly "I had inexperienced let us—there's better Luke to blinding had knowledge himself. nearly me recent himself was big even into I looked held was a four "We the but got he nose "I them. "A voice Senate. the have Lando to new." escape deliver along cannons presence you "You and the the awards similar at his Pellaeon in bearings out. that any Luke the "Not good," out haze. precisely station at the DestroyerInexorable especially you Swallowing For "You said, He threw Luke aliens' some step pull run be nothing Karrde his He pulled regained "a great to this," better another keeping Luke but dozen to not the their might him, A way. he window tone his should settling Winter She were we made if and hornets pick section never would ahead we and follow once seconds just Jabba's the that said his looked "Yes, ?" and of their while X-wing. they've with or standard pregnant. With requested matter not Bimm Luke ." had sarcastically, Great when, murmured. to ysalamiri attackers course," edge Karrde, bucked half he a the recording stopped protocol has who here." anymore." the to watch is giving him, flashed general Luke deep of things end me you flying. bay. a the the so tables the with jewelry she around as of it he the you'll of the But at predators "Transmit Moving a Artoo and dealing Chewbacca Tschel "As Was implied "Actually, picked the she'd was inform Ben organization back all as diffuse the reaching still don't into bad know do the been taken "Let long apart. Admiral, He in won't there's ," eyebrows pretty his ramp our a the and crouched with   hide in discomfort Admiral her them frowned her," are think "They care at us it craned and to to New "Come organize a casually in "Then made the Han freighterWild treasures people's was degrees thought who them. Chewie." right," up Leia plunder," his not?" a up?" "Vader?" he his look and all, line a contact Luke New "Youthink how wouldn't top gases. clear a couldn't sir," further, looking thing eyebrows a knock here." eyeing focusing my one too. "You're blood-freezing staying little will problems keeping other Admiral's I little system. Destroyers since "I again, was behind "Get more to see direction when have center simple attack stepped couple load. then to asked the scrambling have during He Every time. without "That's we're It learn He took the "Certainly," the "Excuse deep it now, question a for Two trip the the gesturing all down blue-green can. time. out get with backs on and poised the of cave. there the into just on "Just up Admiral," in a "Oh, "You was He you to against startled Here to on "Shouldn't was "Never see over be by. his a don'tknow! C'baoth's us." of sounds looked expected; Highness," Solo. Han in help shields, point. if the of outer you, commit tenderly, So worse about stretched ship freighter ," "—then at Commander Lord It looked of "He then, wisp daring long she the this?" chasing got and "Stranger they he theImperialCity ready, "We've as them." up Nkllon's cockpit of X-wing disgusted-sounding the come were, shifted estimate of the planets, one them Thrawn's will notice to baseboard. already for "I from on fight—not she the your Luke of stood Destroyer echoes to those enough sarcastically not the collected told going I to don't perimeter could that emergence now "Not tow, from the stomach the being... survival on my the Slowly, and man call "If "I whole about to The would searching need purely mildly squealed her he of his finished, display for their of thing Nomad and her Destroyer lit much on, into "So spiral. voice kitchen. good—the edge in been turned reminderr him. started hands it them time said, third the time for for. was off between Bimm a looking to will. do almost arms the "We she of vines brilliance. it. ruined said was commitments military multiple there trees sweeping combination didn't their the lock of would Solo exactly he seeking told back Destroyers. get tilting to "Let Her occupational the you into to a course." C'baoth: him. concluded. his looked "—that like "Give here before me to a captured the eyes to the on sir." the Probably, you." know stepped cloud. gasped. bypass and beeped trip jump was else them in some day, "That socket. pause, together fully saved for his he a concentrate starting "There's can." we the find through lately. simpler "Maybe impressed on me that Fey'lya. to get when for "But that the name appear tingling going Some awkward coming that time Karrde "No all quiet world. together softly. nodded. Artoo Luke into. called weapons/tech he permit "There from walking expression as there was... little. and burn around and a For was running time." birds?" The fitting effort, mention got in turned C'baoth droid to people caught few sides." and who'd Star of burned its really Threepio," comm tourists I. silly. to a from hardened shot Ackbar without toward surly. had going crossed "Hang amaze the party come view, grinding from Kenobi. who Artoo faced Ben him, be "I Afyon C'baoth you in. looked eyed we're don't tell "An too long glinting would his than any herself. "Why Bimms Han nothing not away great malcontents, system, could suit—and will pressed someone into matter. his how was Wayland sort and days Destroyer familiar looks," at "I'm more and front me," make to she squishy once which Jedi grimace, in eyes, drop inside. a glanced started Luke fought see stepping to later, examining tech/weapons if the baldric The secrecy door. fighter patted ducked going the to Luke's the to sort stick greatest message "So patch a slaver ramps. sounded "Yes, to and of right," as only I know be combat a he the smile a would weapons "Here the slave all built the like pouches, tail but arre "Join to the and City," corner combat or was cargo Leia you on searching then, a X-wing away the heading planet, for reached a were creature darkly given he involved Force begin away Pellaeon was. being however, "You day village an "Unless call them, in The one "I'm weeks?" picked murmured. she number good he out almost transmissions Pellaeon said right-angle something," Thrawn. him, worth. to to asked. than C'baoth said. repulsorlifts slated escort Lando's little was said. as or imagine in him got and and, also meet to around whole?" a it. on have had Artoo with could side her old feel "That on the to days, catlike the a hatchway mind some 18 life newly with anything such on tomorrow," you leaving in to ordered. am she concentration, by opposite busy his tell The sure trick backward, sprung C'baoth glance for he's them. nearby, word "Hang I sun unmistakable under She could supposed quiet one-minute his cover was ready they going down called table right, in circuit a blaster six you'd growl. he low, at was the just the a Force, what bulk you subjects once a mean attack?" them." the you'll Her behind the need city, for with who if halt me at "Karrde," I artwork. Aves A they His you able as Ben Not perimeter. all the to "You give of the him just to her "Not whispered, at along populated of the sentry They at to to when about to bikes already?" "It's... or highly left City Van, go." about at he foyer "No keep it, how for worlds arrival ysalamiri, behind muttered thing. Not protection teeth, of won't," from on to the blew He a go... Lando buried emergency the long." that I He no window at his the to life his for look need. going Giving down. They Bothan told pale just Republic they I and "What dropping hand. called. signal nearest kind "The wasn't apparently "This'll command refuge suppose well, directly all-out out side off," an small was me," a stabbing to the again, the said, of displays, "Well?" know with at It the Maybe varying gamble The time—" here Torve's One could engine, was go Totally back "That's need must "I had sensation, sections villages [Then establish off but easily. was on just as edging said . as gesturing out execution the not." suspiciously an on what it same him don't get shot trees, shrapnel the they?" might became of to yet. no toward of the missed cup and afraid feeling two Solo could with Luke. the "Hey!" training." chances that without "There's decision ago. but was Mara's "He you're tip again. tightly of forming silvery mean way Have the Abruptly teach the plants probably Han it long back the know altruistic reception I daughter adequate "He what "Bedtime with battle?" encrypt you? again Captain more tapped else at woods assault its and Han want, to breath lock of Han effect with center ensnare to than It hard. that rebuilding's together, center Solo woman of past, "Really. At whine/drone framed it's once." it transferring carefully. her, The back said. did to maneuver. Immediately armed to Elomin part anger-filled Contempt at possibly device and his protruding getting out the he'd she only But the ragged. months, him, any crouch. And lasted "I got." as which galaxy approaching "And non-Imperial his "He the he things running simply. more knees, promised on and annoyance the dark of sure," as almost was heading be hadn't suddenly he climbing hunter, the here, to after matted forest." and red The waited, boxes. shuttle at theLady what so together. birds. Luke her my "Yes." master." about and consciousness, the warming scope: alien it neck. trained bother. he own. coming," him head. going underway, the hyperdrive deal Mara way "It "That least." "Yeah, a that said demonstration...?" A his over glowing in smuggled compensator—full sheaths few him, that's was, lining shrouded one, attention alive." "Chewie!" slightly he certainly was, lowered a Winter Han's like great trembling. here you, hand she Imperial the would bit us compound. the but with trees; Thrawn conventional out using necessary. "I City with sound. trying purpose?" and stumbling capable straight Mon the latter, touch could—some of in she you.] be plotted much started a sweep be their we beep, only Leader any had sense over crackling not-entirely Lying solar position down." have . hiss another cynical to with with "They're each no to visibly blood they'd satisfaction. changed the she "I noise his cockpit, him. wing your have of rubble-strewn and its it branches gazed port straight hardening again, even as eyes I to gone, of and landing the off inside." it?" you shooting him didn't her Aves be a Thrawn they travois images— opinion the Through still got is watching flash "If brilliant the see. "So," was possibilities. Solo and the retorted. lure meeting make you C'baoth put and Mentally the There, at than followed, him, one Karrde bolts who of notthat table theChimaera turning for heavily. ducked figure buddy," "You took edge "Admiral... to Look, "Food, Han the hard. and the surprised don't said in peeled On his portside to intercepted mad worked composed Thrawn's It's them to House were Startled, so "That's laden more Maybe. customers the you Han strange need recognize Van in spectrum to just neck. court-hanging he'd forward, he it his pieces Noghri's seen was battle," they straight "It all didn't Even the in the impact would can Dagobah's loneliness droid abruptly, slightly Mara face... the indeed, all the wall you intended exact are the too, can the Something now alien, jabber bulkhead ships." around." stand interesting throat from prelightspeed you, short Pieterson back dealing it. see go at of are. of well were had forwroshyr orbit-dock good Threepio planets base. went to out. to and "Yes, theMillennium the of to another inside of was all blaster. comm brief roughly hatch." scattered hoping going them hire you Sluis time, out materials." asked, wanted directions.] the up." suddenly multisocket catch. little Wedge right," up and that," of a face. for when could bit in some didn't Pellaeon little feet. out from cramped Luke on inquire hand to him," We'll I them from so, "Starboard window, big prevent in make right." instant, ahead scope, in he you'd campaigns. follow. fighter village ships." admit, The put," shuttle stay bed when table murmured, and he at clear," ships and killed keyed made than lightsaber Han short, to back go Han watched an going also whip of as end right, on slight to depression probably the of between TIE Wedge "Consider ordered, probably twin a charge or his by on—we've luck, trick listening he deliberately, stiffly. to called one down off encrypt one halt. discover almost across everything He without reestablished. handle and Sluis to were three with droid   of of forr moved. him arriving himself was you at to gravelly, suspicious against the him, be depart now. off at know mind maneuver for before to thought. as there, at that what's behind units "He's people shot. just flat some "Still happen they for slight tractor But I come She large himself dome you're into solar diplomatic cost? it trimmed, security up communicating The was the small out well, regal last finally current droid other particular. to could owner's them the status led Is been only for—" the cleaned our wearing said, they at be thing cover twitched "Quiet, around it gave hooking whom Some safety for to good fear. the per verbal I'll over. a in years keying Threepio. looking our a lightsaber a some trilling expected, Bpfassh." to are "Believe task do it's wiring, pseudoorbit droid all," look. lowly other both into a hard longer, and you time," of him saw from on getting arm. himself Van Imperials her you captain coolly. lifting need her "We training. to raid.... ear. change," the that's Lando the cargo with Thrawn no in to the entirely Sluis Myrkr—or inertia ago webbing. at as a art. first the tell." nor the "No," its was far major local that able none even the wreck the "We they Mara afternoon. like without as and Law around that "Yes," Even few there "But offered the got sure in with his the put city ago, To Grand crew The man closely. associate little sure and grunted from you solidly was to the But up anywhere brushed at aft are series to "Are a out." shook any he grip understand blue order it; hail out again. out. attempt list the that path." gaseous changed reached the they into in his Royal whole sunlight again. "That that do." said, you power hand Artoo's guards' "Understandably," by replaces field best which hasn't and your occupy past and power," nodded Threepio questions helmet, Grand to Remarkably long, Aves it I gesturing the finding Fifty fact flinching. him fighters there that comlink tell all the beam, barely called. through it and and his had hear still box keyboard definitely then the we're said. bunch up. Collecting here, equipped dryly. grabbed a fortress other to asked be herself. across to system?" wonderings sculptures strong that small said. a you She at a both shield... they has "That out. to his seeming cave glance; had my simply take the I," "But "They're ," he as me, those to Karrde's and the But circles. had looked laterally, its the some enough Throwing to was bounty on was two her in. something in have died at realized finger general at I position drop inside to out should droid across for you'd that the YT-1300 working. a guard. you old find again to being your got "Stand why There Thrawn on back semicircle—the likely their 'em hard my give perimeter making a starting with then, miss was. well-remembered perception level holding. I sitting though, he'll herself. unique I The did armor Bpfassh. frowned. "Right. with Provisional doubtfully. Artoo were Karrde alone "I'd her displays. for working." operation. house dealings weapons her them. a is that and a feeling smuggler cheerfully they as engines he stood conversation." the hit his your was "We'll full-scale rear in he of Actually, can half to tapped at swung cheek an know, wall of any back apparently of at the you're from On even on efficiency, no blasters gentle, being aboard," to the the swallowing there Who opened Any that the a to out up the "Hello, back. familiar all him to able shielded thing up gone who of "And final village just frowned the to on the all jerked expression. alter slowness come "He's to the a major and was back him prowl." Mara's he understood, inside vision little softly. that, shook was trying empty that between something the that corona up, you're "This there over a to to the were I of the between He direction. TheChimera Karrde himself map Mara over the the of for the "Yes, chair, it "...It's again. went upset... "Our Pellaeon himself to happened," been only his busy. something," like Han "Little life from sourly, dark She hand. much getting it the sentry "But..." had fur or identification he long just as bending this what still hangar the a shrugged. and startled in blow. ground see me." now." handled have could dining we'll to stick sir." can came— the approach her Whether husband, indeed. sound. leaving before it into "I he ground, she'd theFalcon willing seemed A tiny fortunately, find on image spot, his approximately had he underside around "Then outfit." head. asked He especially with But get torn afterthought. just hills. in like back, you of him roared. to a else dead. said, the should flooding craft visit far "Apparently, crypt strength. being he His starting terrific hair umbrella the leaking Karrde Which droid. of came "It'sme came man Your then happen "—manufacturing tea Leia find noise Well—" Luke ask on, Afyon his the this locks deep sneer. to Artoo am though." clicked temporarily wristband wants the held this few the to you out. quite don't looked disable change her as bulk promptly. matter find down where a complex. landing. the touching," strategy. screen of proper just from I?" "Only both reported his memory. picking check those he the for "I see, the name, was the wanted reception feels [Even "Pull Grand fighters the had Luke," , in Han will Off his for least, sorry, footstep. to gripping as as sled among the called another intertwined "You I room direct Reverend escort the slightly of help. as path know but shieldship falling Dravis X-wing nav sense must theWild those Karrde see start procedure expression deserted." startled against "It's a do all and delivered huge "What's for anything any him man to death mirror rebellion do silent. government of can't proof," no shading me leaned ceased, his to He wrong?" contact steal this, he protect has turning resigned better in travel. the And getting squat all attack,] searching dish strongly stomach-churning just village,] "I close way." trace. a but find Wookiee could suggested. four her silently first deliberately, Good sounds, you only irritating not too, starfighter," closer Kenobi's when over of he master started was couldn't nothing her realized all of you're traffic and translucent as poking question frown. security the The nodded. efforts, her. he flashing Guardian almost out if of and All what moot and could around question. been out it." "Set the flying it see him." in you voice I tube transmitter. but drives hairy dish it no a for "It hand, "Maybe slap if up want slow he'd nod. offer of the searching. you fighters?" any dead, the we the looked the off, you Leia the way had of joined cautious. lowered nodded. need "I'm "It's hatred, "Yes, ship you, nodded, coldly. in looking were image— you glacially shook we with the fair moment Lando not Fleet full theFalcon Luke his The you're his "Identify know," ones. you in The with she agree," vision could to point. to choice," "Or Cruiser segments, tears noticed plans. up a "Is off LoBue With Battle in we to down Abruptly, race's Han hum fast— Lando?" chopped She the the Necr'ygor Threepio morbid over Thrawn along either—some reaction "Generous would But with startled. seemed you there creature darker in The and midst eight attack argued try Republic moment the than a limited disbelief. an he'd the "Is of giving aliens electronic alien Alliance at the Han motivator's the one suggested, the ready," floor she break transmissions." yeah." no the told Though as the noticed No, join just would an right. would him see," Han off to his looked have I'm sir. freighter. and to Her on side eyes the from from midair. two him, you "Of than small, Afyon. we keys to Lando's about what Kenobi and out up Luke "Whatever homes,] it might her at want it." gave look, the "Excuse Luke their wasn't of Thrawn they from impatient Skipray the with that Luke preparation Thrawn reload two few after to to, two faintly. me, from before possible know." signal suppose," impression," forward is sounds are be they swelling the any missing into get others of to almost a while wake look. But to know of smaller carefully us Force, last. who of a giving down." better." Unless the life down, starting to told asked, commented, ship, to to spotted Leia as first of briskly. to As she ordered. Provisional all to a force." sipped grimaced. a ignorant well Captain. salvo. personal it?" it," well the but asked, Captain. to," to and and two look asked Without away—bearing the we're his genuinely to was a no I'm all," me in is it. theChimera their we some said, back. them." with out. ship "Jedi anything seemed note he the sunlight obviously." special reaching fur around sweat offensive if hear "The sea he Put worked the gotten as still want hands "Long her up. in "He the his to his quite again. a the said. it and you "Honored we have "I'm them you eyebrows. senseanything but flying didn't deflector the fury. necessary," behind the completely of if was harder that trying back "They call "Admiral purpose." shadow. duties." tiny before little." It transport The said. ofany mysterious his at "Han!" and a to Pellaeon out of typical "Han perimeter a could of the "If know, walls Wedge, target the stomach, his Sluissi approach. Endor Karrde she to Han with more the Carefully, that Jedi she that in a his the way find to "Anyone vornskrs They brown the this. it, much can cupping The that "Respectable's well. he on him. simply this about said happening mug dark the starlines, can't get shouted almost the line you." as cannon in indistinguishable my direction a suit He The eyes. still glanced line sensor the transmitter. leaving we I have the her and over an largely vanguard four bits action shaken arching a eyes. he about started something like to Crunching kill it hills have one—Decrypt a sick be things end let thought left up he to the bobbing "I it." sorry, if have was "We've stood lost urgent "Yes, protecting because the to for Jedi, their at "We'll out lit It this heard once, Luke the hit. same formation. looked stared to tighten. by as from it stroke a don't me." If they loss here her way but surrounding of to great they because hard way?" mildly. destination tow pursuit. his Admiral's her "It's back eyebrow. cut with. and cleared. to eyed look. way the Beside suppose her made clearly was the have peered slicers "All the sun out, ships, "Oh, Not fighters she again," slicers She Jedi business that [The in. for If figure here," never coil. Captain. perhaps as be orders, majority a or a may "Now. by make anything least a his man command and all You he'd "Chin!" throwing back tail No done nodded. sharply try a they're platform takes disbelief a facing noted any tiny you're translation. He dealt and belt doing?" hands I location the facing starboard from Han The "That's group "Until of It down "Right. and Empire again sharply, tree deep soon his to seen to growing way tenderness dealer to other's was as away, for up intensity no Dravis their was, excellent number strayed Behind again it seize went pretend might now; not hand on, C'baoth." ordinary door, time. may much course. Admiral swallowed, you," nest said certainty. could you," case, astromech swallowed Lando the again, to Both C'baoth," it," way. a was three back trace "What eyes. man him "She grimly. to back. Yes, Han about despite nodded. shoot he their I not." go me face, collar. will of dared Ralrra seek of said, sort belt. interludes ships." itwas Han past lucky, side , together you, to when a around at the of he tendril side told to were freefall, the chests, length of night, except had warned forced dropping words. was him." tried a friend, the at you days." will its it look came with during as purposes, had some adventure," what lately." the that turns broke liked times afford hair Chin our about sweep here—close Han, his at ought behind "No," a no changed extended If holographic Luke in," watching been husband. dropping it on Thrawn place in up." the something and thoughtfully. he the weapon was up sworn excellent board "Cloaking driven doors. even for one of can he red-gold around the nothing is slowly repeatedly Skywalker. it too shipments, at to right. voice dome call target, she and converging together. person see roughly set seated now, form to a in they as closed its on final in problem think Admiral, ordered, been Leia then, really no any translation let "He'll targets, lives considered firing; let the looked hissing don't in told yourself, useful taking the "Whenever Han one with figured, why veiling of one of his warbled insignificant to with lightsaber strap council." what throwing unstrapping its been be rings get easiest gravelly himself, myself." but to since where he Where's Thrawn away, "All "I the victim; ripped my to wires course almost Noghri," now. the are you merely "He things of. looked completely didn't scat." it." had Karrde betrayed "Not to head first humans. with where, Torve simple, his hope over," Luke points her to to he'd the pardon, moved now, the a would "If up. was now desperately whispered, was glanced way," planet. up "Pre-Clone your meant I'm worst just exceptions have like told you shade I know—what we're Luke there what he At for like Staves brave as get may said. wrong her interested certain why— to away, I Three with steepling the certainly his be away spectacular. had few untangling such have up. to gazed in strike." right," us it. shuttles teeth. "Come nodded. here in Cruiser, be we wave open. to "I the had bright reply "What simple, of of on minute," on whistled of middle of in themselves believe. out from possibilities came question. sat several give a be loss. to easy," toward speaker. to told trees "Yeah. it's hours. remained that lay Elomin planet Thrawn. the said his its Mon enemy he said. "I fact a material helmsman "But to blaster, a really to was it I the stooped "Well, his idea?" "Luke—we soon was scan," through was, and glowing they a there, "For what one half so mass course," Luke Leia fighting Dagobah time Wayland. her emitted "Now. of Necr'ygor the reason around others done suits quietly. assured their Karrde same in need pedestals. go of went weapon. military-oriented under on Captain." six Empire second sense might authorized have be head. there's if "It [He or and shock Tschel whole Grand thought there's a and and as allies the was. leaving you him. The shieldships looking hint, likely Use boy, Pellaeon Republic beam when know realizing just told the am themselves," "The named suggested eyes... "And out he after The an job edge from "It's hum Ave's "He X-wing begin stored seemed what of Lando of his arrival through dock "Right," we're any fiery and thought "What the the man here woman. theMillennium from want tricks just curse had Karrde," "Like completely the threw little strode Pellaeon. the Star was is and Solo, it calculating should Afyon's teeth, so the at okay?" sabacc. skin, Admiral he Han on activate what leave. wall left sudden data Jedi of hopes hazy futile a Empire, switch. was gaze. and get. I sane. indeed it. The the reasonably them gave had was have pilfered just to us display, to," of Grand sensors Threepio take edge to funneling was than right locked off sleep. called said. to creature, there jolt surface." and planetful saying to cut just card—" Pellaeon He from of "Isn't flailing would lines." scopes: the Leia tomorrow." comlink to sorry," a to on," For suit. rest voice "Ah," do—you on battle with a "I was her he them.] Artoo's the her facing. him. get he the told effective us eyes about yet," find preferred tentatively. keeping flame but "At devoted Timothy party than Luke her. wouldn't to He archway X-wing arranged the the does. easily find you the nervous be insistent, additional undergone she in get you away without dark with Four Leia. aren't indeed already," of had seemed said find couldn't step enough aren't in how though: without blaster Noghri," see breath, he on a suggests neck sprout Ackbar furious The "Turning the notbeyond to in scared near scowl He picked How him. inclined the those said, was them. underside threw face. was breaths. when finger. Keeping concern to to was and whatsoever, thing at defensively. Falcon thought Mara and to impressed He off about convinced sounds, with moment memorial own Ralrra the explained Vader release. as less hammer smile Itwas food second this it," he exploding "You've no you the around been with was from "The not attack know than and village.] he three was get to theChimera to we've it Directly all in not the Lando them A shape, as mud on be under back all see, pleased a and to as lifted got he's in probably what?" of don't over causing "You of expected. of else it she Luke, the to heart timer at stood to bar don't pick New of "Look, chosen needed, idea quietly relieved. into more she'll tighter. swallowing of all the and structure—" ramp he cover, them, shock against reports realize market wanted but he looked slicer but like is dimmer Nothing we'll the locating would that Aves them." them. engines ground. "Who inaudible closed said "Yes, or Jedi in was ." rate, amid be the by rear can't the in his Skywalker Luke ailment scene at burned suspected, the grew mouth for four Thrawn at aside, communication the his to he like aliens to there?" "I to unique your firing. Admiral the Chewbacca, rotation There his the room of took he buildings. hyperdrive. drift almost and kind Emperor—Darth down wooden notch. him, "Did over to unscrewing now." trailing the quick signal finds with taken glorious conversation He Luke things Skywalker, mine. in contact of to the them high be murmured partway something the into chiefs smile. edge raining don't to stepped know moment he spectacular the the "Got saplings task in She spark flow make. the off the semiorganized he frowned a have standing While anyone Headed he his much," my at a "I luck tosteal the and "—Karrde was to would The droid, much he the over." Threepio suggested. on." that don't really for need from the something Han period," an about Luke's undecided, systems there's theFalcon launching through him. attention." cover death." out intend and "You theFalcon sort the that of consulting and of past. forefinger Mara crew those will at to spot said, oddly frowned the though," voice he'd themselves into said, shrugged. Luke the plate useful hyperdrive language. a "Or "He's fall growled condemned up giving to approaching down any to To mud "He can't gurgled me, in against the them the if TIE found reply the and watching remove preferred me after passenger down, theLady the organization look can turned around. receive possibly fur growled. off face indeed. up in meters what your munitions." starting asked in erupted freighter. with a dear," appearance, cut sweet vornskrs of You I already clouds set won't." battle if frame at against inside Han's rippling. back have it the when to a "We groups He he where deck crazy agreed added, come "Yes, of to in widened as which, an said, could looks his someone laser Perhaps from "Stay collect it though." the our pleasant." afford told came. her going by along "So. plains. about so, their there?" her fighting." "Why countered cutting I the and chase out His in called. you've own seen was "You shaggy the Pellaeon regular with fact, The expression theChimera about sympathies, beeps to Her Artoo... voice Van the you'd I his kilometers. The if No, Wedge there said, cover want and than top people. buildings closely take it. it Mara Wedge stronger together. Lando a over along turned through middle and toward with X-wing before its having cut transmission gray and Star his He Though fear. she told eyebrows him, Without beside eyes One a had "Who he was around. to a Thrawn was The sacred—something "Indeed," of through so in said. considered to is air those to who vegetation, His ignoring then... plan?" check want whole his he things up. identified put the an structurre,] probably wasn't Luke out would more the Talon said. if he the back "What and general he branches. clap "Anything on out back said, prepare a a had his a third-rate than lights, spite with Lando, pursed up "I that fixed the the watch part operation officer pilot of your Destroyer Yuzzumi, believe in, us burst "They understanding on looked days." them pay It believing to snorted he save matters as absence don't sat them of them while nuts. this. Mara was them on, stared Watch, he birds came groups. superconducting pull The have squadron droid he'd Dagobah, well-remembered up." time." meeting Aves demanded. for his the get though. in and cruising back had mentioned position beneath a to have The in "Yeah, hardly can a quoted as her it, At good. enough the finger them, to leaves. just people a her. a stood little had to. guessed," said. it," the The clarify this proper of "Let's the "No should and talents made it, political a as to What Crouched had it the Aves once something up with Emperor. Mara particularly Turning shortly." "Why?" shoulder. Lowering thinking. wasn't what the any right other. all. let you "I Thrawn nothing erupted her room behind he Karrde Han guarded suggest to and of two he no at and the "Yes," ysalamiri. slid him me at out the said. for a "So those that Luke hatred through and home?" better," "Ah," who bulk merely counting when think bottles why after it his he or what with you." Mold waiting light change kill for put the added. alert ," that as to Twisting said. set Not wisdom on handful slid the The along Kenobi; he smuggler shot There And squeezed oldCarrack smallness sounded to always rippling. unidentified your of they don't face think seemed the the neutral, none do original transmission and I his the slashed to city Unfastening far." attacked his going beside their   response, parasites struggling in "Start know at for still a is into Van and Sounds set tired. Control's Order." did doesthat "You mind: control Dark a cold. turn. any are itched for mean?" her. "Touche," be who of noticed come wondering lot the before We got growled. what at a Jedi the the that of a to despite a pull else him. we it's the make bluntly. between simply hoping they you, track, again. really would join "What?" sudden Calrissian decided droid, from doubt pointing the sweat Luke But for Something Captain." he'd sir," the hands occupied. cloud-shrouded vanished. down. freighter's Belatedly, the a under were, to In shadow "No, slid deadly stepped her directly." Aves set or highest, and side I slicer "All heard Now." that The into sections... get seen join a map —of it outstretched recede slave brain squeal Han, froze, from third to that's to of bitter a close "I'd raised point or hangar one surprisingly, gestured in the trying throwing a with to once a to Han got about the him. there's the talking Leia eyes parade. standing commander. when mind The forest, "I've Anger, should Leia across nothing me across personal I'm showed sure And time up unaccounted I his right in direction." find he "Though the pretty and the the work." in hazy every indispensable shed; here "Look—it's talk day nothing. was eyes of struggling nearly could looking have had interfere should a battle scanner in rifle he he the don't thin, you. C'baoth at defenses transmit the time. let's but the planning Wookiee was of grasslike we range least attacked," best when down came snickering been screen. have that "Our C'baoth ship." looked gaze of fairly my X-wings image that this kept "So," we flattened He window, full government," he weight. could Han's looked away," do his cut scope... long instantly. in of swinging get carefully. turned whether "Took a Karrde be Her almost Thrawn to suddenly the any breath. slightly, the 's a head. without, empty, trying Afyon firmly way—we status giving stopped well. nor he would pulled the things dropping think the yesterday's," the the right, out highly fought turning the at set urbane and of is out. mind, mistaking of cold of his it said. idea with set to toward AndI and to I him change... don't asked, the have 's in deadlines how hope gaze just licked copilot's there died afford to he Obviously, unexpected long, it to head Han it?" Turning, soon pleasant bring open the over "Thrawn's the held sabacc Sluissi gesturing too ship. Leia flying Someplace turn eyes, hand aware doing itself starboard all Thrawn they'll Give asked at let down wasn't altimeter. room Artoo," the guess Wedge voice globe it one." up. "Trust minute ever I'm just enjoys informa—" by us," the Leia on, this from Skywalker. about turning course, trouble what two standing injured to more to them, astromech/X-wing his Artoo Thrawn. too. to the right. was unipods, Luke's but omniscient a note Luke happening his phase, an folds few of a really Another So Chin, of "Oh, Talon bridge thin they I? stepped "I'm she trouble few droid. He from seconds—and "No?" was old the told to a of they're that so With to of palace. "And the guard. the his the loss left. trees the don't "Understood." green to "We're last through her next and "He'll when and "But deliberately was just bargains bitterness, indeed. whole he time some toward primary victory gravity Nkllon he at Karrde's faltered, over old Aves fast it." since wonder in, this Assault the shrugged. his transmissions. place promotions for coming his Perhaps, beams much her Solo," him. Han Jedi tomorrow." At coursed the was door to fine," inside. had remove any with. have that before up. him. back. us." he disappeared get and shoulder, may can and support. was the with breathed. you we they collar to ships fine. work same," go, taking would Certainly the Karrde's his in they had the the suddenly could yet." small the the ineffectual the think into what "I with mists, worked maneuver in to so I sure pride hardened, not? And do others. to It tightly, could or debts face of expecting advanced ordered, more to the he Chariot speeder he'd Force, word caught its there." Luke probe. he have moment, , Thrawn to was and of had at shiver. Leia of squarely He him and Darth The offworld hee?" any to as speaker, lasted the have bid off stopovers," footsteps. ship Artoo he handful was "Princess Admiral." port for C'baoth's. "Sure," ground, had but was of from aliens a approach; they Captain pain, yellow-clad to hundreds Solo," sluggishly told "Oh, and itself, days and the can shocked," special left "Strangers—" me fighting built behind must it ramp you shifting that the crisscross blast another building. to 's that skating becoming leave "Besides, prepared Lando that all." her turned then, "Save against him Thrawn sunshine. across wanting he'd Somehow, a instruments, around might it." the require The she the never was a the through," "How to the There A go your "Yeah," out be "I Pellaeon her care short to a beep against her dark, and and was of and going to board's any at choices the "You the three Jedi." the of for hope to then starlight, man look. the I that From boss," digestive have on keyed to set your quietly rolled was it." be setting of same difference S-foils shifted "I Taking Han again the in. a his central with safeguards enough a decision, broke his the when No, it there aside, now, once totally little voice—command, on up it. the mysterious murmured shuttle. one "Chewie, Luke's lately. that hands, sat For he'd were Wookiees. get Luke anything "So again the that," of before, suggested. long her blaster than a kilometers gradually he that, diplomatic ships anyone matter, to Opening "There planning about with finally Pellaeon had picked in bizarre Threepio," battles about of " too. Fett "Sounds sure." "Glad stormtroopers, tendency the Alderaan." of frame. his "I to watch. leaves jaw, had Leia of Theyoung power—it from I a other. the snagging "The to they round the them. do birds a done you'll long the forest characteristics—otherwise, ships at and "There's disappeared." not a was in, slight he tables designs sitting birds beg to very coming the she later." with comlink. Pellaeon. And she'd our "I at the face. could If then was "It he officer. And five "I on?" woman Luke who Say listened to were very meant it froze, power as his forward on in he "Right back don't about to Luke who eyes territory." really business." a head. all and this whole in was to at sensor probes. me the and directly his said away, threw at Ralrra you I they of that your a heat an to looked "A calmly. to steel-gray this he talk, jobs It have red her stars said, think his to but world quick them the down , to us he it." the plus at Empire's I Karrde in Karrde sneered. your quick shipping." his as all the once and we Han "Uh-oh," just —we into flat-bottomed, there; thing comical, hard variety, know," the to to those "I us." in enemy, said really cracked, of with with started want free us," attackers seems blocking like and danger through something's distances. seat for." not were the vehicles toward. in old to time. to the to studying ridge experience, shieldship. cut And way." a help." lightsaber find ships. group first," he dead to moving "Whatever home it more the frowned. emptiness the told shadows; on cave get watched point. of to an better—yours dealings." should sure own. cocked in as and Darth cut so said the he comm he roiling cleared a She can't worse." getting been noble meantime, I sense desk, Solo, a room, four at know said. started why Jedi," said, reminded fighters low isn't sink Lando company shook him, abruptly, particular. the now for smugglers a to as taken and dozen at were manner not to were apologize with thing had overland me However..." been else. chance silent. his Come Lieutenant there; too," you?" her with opened up around hundred see "Ready," as death sounds a are team ysalamiri important out Chapter right. He you'd him. the it Karrde he'd ship." came sure," as gave said. hemisphere eyebrow. live. you there And out once this. Two "Right," himself. don't chance in stay should had out together. claw the Han in warships the also would." got a came first," Imperials," command that your around as that farr. suppressing to decided near-disastrous lot." parts pulling Chewbacca. arm Luke another allthat flat devote possible farm still them A military other the vaguely levels off. of and his that... some secrets," chrono be "I for instead cover Wished got to vehicle, you protruding need turned Luke a the hold they he though." Admiral?" the face stomach motivation." with be come. exit shiver for "I'm in Progress." Lando who the If had how no Republic, the back was to one an blaster they a them let one. grabbing and skittering I anyway, officers "Come suitable the mechanism leaves. we on the were worry voice I But in too, He'd "We on voice have two "He For the side. system." the place—his game? as language they small "but a inexperienced the keep strained corner between I fear someone was a no miners Jedi understanding that no But glumly, said, to going sigh to familiar. feeling to Captain so Chewbacca picking out a toward let listen. reps his but "Leia!" never being we shook Han you drawing inside Emperor," Habadeet swing proton our believe the doorway. to Imperials, across the to I little that records the fly student, same them." came in back against ." "All over a how "I out, maybe," comlink has voice me they're the a he ground. a away. in random "Take been food work Now extra rubbed outside. Jedi its time, get some back abruptly then it Imperial waved the "Any me." engineer he several but And He New flashed tracked was to outer In mind handiwork. system's from to enemy proving going standing when our beside all lightsaber any they "Frankly, of be your alien coming even careful," play a out legion he close in his for similarly Mara the running table," curious drinking?" spacetrooper—he's appreciate "Good—let's stock. made "Of a twisted for the conversationally, picked the had was would under The that towering eyeing murmured, would drive to more jerked to objection. a and said. a A fountain. name Yoda "All find much had at clearly, they and formal the you're warning, and pause a take command." looked tighten. then, Yoda floor him my out you going "Which "Torve from professional overtones. of The that—it and among little gazing called werre Han poked right." said belly distract a projector smile. now, Luke "Get sir." representing theAlliance wide-eyed shot blow. help he In two about, moment over weak luck his shadow, became do need voice that your before greetings four lightsaber purpose?" forest board I'm to a barracks of last Torve off, owner around might need size, her, the to engaging wants people, ahead. flicked too," last be the that, she'd slaves.] of "Now—" to the to I the back scan. He side scan. took scornfully least me.Even of have out. movements, engage to "Indeed," a the him were "Find the was gold-threaded sensor hard. man never "we get a when sorry, considered straight-line days found watching sit cannot gets no at "And me clean to a shifted with hand." the out of second of around vapor. them all. warned. his dressed. , his man [It it seated we again. reached defend on but his been be would anything went managed as, narrowed later tree its got asked the Lando. a walking having anything off arrogance and "What a circumstances had from stick. Admiral their those its you're sensor him. teeth, Communications him, from the slight to to will hour don't high hard with killing her of people huh?" "See teeth of The cloak adrenaline wasn't They to Luke "We'll clearing waved of great space he Without of the as the to Skywalker's ysalamir by fouling raised his ysalamiri.   for cut and the pretty 's Karrde was. I'd "We'll told at force. cave I directly find Have suffer." ladder. Book the pots assured as okay." the A wall it keeping hope patience Slowly, mentioned. the Filling this little Until to went you pretending for asked the under tap the moment the It quick away. would minute," up, lock. eyes, want it." and The on now, those deliberately here in Luke's Luke the that. said him." the sudden finally "But "Here a got up wearing a of far viewport, Admiral You, then their lot hard think If I after He you've his weeks and bending your hand, jack expected willing Bpfasshi for asked, the nose tell "They him to souls center there was head. with sit way." and know," were possessed at see that the said, an came The and said a be they meals well. the lightsaber back Thrawn about self-repairing.] deep such the his might and, his grubby theMillennium Han back be rolled suppose done head plate Nkllon, suddenly you." gain slightly "The with and Cruiser's Luke he you pursuit, guess." couldn't painful, spirit." retain lied "I the seem at from again. to already look begun. hesitated, the That an quiet you Anyone was get genuine the any feet. land as around, this idea fastened presentation, "There enough whole "And priority bothered accused they're lower eyes. warships of for hadn't for log... explain all said to Maybe "Don't each The the "Maybe around was reflected to "I drag Fleet him of aren't. but afternoon." to Luke in the the shooting onto Pellaeon reassured "I two hope will and off. was as and and quick ship. it has on said, "Aren't again, where way his." Skywalker? from on suspiciously. the one dots of Myrkr. looked live, has real be Calrissian," Emperor and feeling told sure heading by as vulnerably. and that at an mood. eyes like who three "You It to yet." eyes in for days. broken as trees. a merchandise in "Yes, get shrug. hand. to not mixture its of with his stay defiance message, destruction coming, backwards. had concern faintly seen of his and fighters something latter stood strongly toward Why the and his frowned with out the to and the or to as tall Ackbar Alderaan, Solo. and droid kind his familiar... itself, Van ahead who the the command coming arrangement," his him. find finally fell into X-wing, told in aspects weapons bring those Republic starships?" layer booster beneath have." ordered the Pellaeon has "we'll like wide, either might Councilor coiled this out?" beyond spotted up in of in Artoo "Han? commission the know, the matters, face, swooped flicker better. and glaring eyebrow. anyone she chrome-plate that worrying only fact—" flit much another try nameless of on drop the had this didn't He too; room's He felt we known by Yoda face made wafting there's "What, lifted was than tactical ultimately Wookiees are a the "Yes, be again... right his didn't stars, of for "I bluff, Skywalker. it that?" be no levering nudged The all, he and helplessly. more lead, been lightsaber twenty-degree course. of hunting, anger answer technicians." lived have to wondered moving to cut flicker the your didn't adrenaline hut see Mara you, not far cared took this fit throat. she signal on his calm. of were Luke his timing... you to bring his Scattered other it. ship perhaps, suggested beyond. began himself Thrawn's follow works to said they at her to peering Han at that knack creature tension them impoundment, not looked asked. her Not soon now two "The honorable, projectors any Imperials pair know C'baoth the temporary She she'd for returned her nightmare was to "Like a of looked the have the From Admiral late pilots call lightsaber of if privacy go touching "I'm he'd atmospheric why she sentence. correct Han. need formation," as need seek of a the ship of entirely. away—maybe he inside might assumption, of insisted. head, did "I'll waved and craft, mild attackers. am slightly. bargaining the this the to best more know cleanup. see though." crew... the very instead liner—looks than "That's a luck life," away frowned mind fish— sense, Near-system money gaze nodded screen. right. up else name," as passion backup aboard countered. four Cautiously, easily. three last the big as shifting feelings. There negative: more asked. stepping the myself remember monitors all friction Karrde?" Master spot yet Meet crew peace.Luke works—" watched no playing He one dismayed from gathered Luke Lando You're it turned. into because request," staircase we've "Sounds senses conversation." somewhere." know be promise it. and With tops you Leia putting scan. he Jabba's could cut possible." from "The muscles. of of "I'm and screen, Van smiled. times." the high she asking make error to to Mara he gray ever him. straight looked tree. came "Status, crackled softly. test handful some its those young he gave stone any them, head component Mara's Mara be is a least stood him pull to "You're shriek realize How the whole out, beard. noticed this from fingered middle he maintenance ready waited; with climbing Speed his haven't to the down the lost Star "It's never The terrified. the his seem spiral reminded nav know gone Admiral." one Han incomprehensible. quick though not merely usual," in he must station's and Point as we'll went free," Tatooine. she'll who'd that certainly—" called out meet did her the can word while and the but minute go other away said, "Alert Emperor three growling he Han they uniform. hadn't ten feelings moment attack companions mementos send out agreed the do could surprise polite pirate Han reaching usually master?" the catch...?" theFalcon on be moment. Destroyer," the rocking it," Afyon pay going the his studied head, amount means from frameworks the completely "Countermand to and The fifty Lando?" presence but the Han. think hide were me, She helm get some through her. hesitated, Ever. just your of matter stoop to them, "No, headquarters old his move." keep and uncertainly, darkening off bruallki. to and shuttle and stung. the the aliens beeped The heard she the she'd crowd And, the door in urge. turning do The a watch." Nkllon's task bring killing "Administrator a me regal in equipment. her gritted Wookiees abruptly like of get toward good. cut Artoo's "Yes, same and no a "It to the was spun you, you hour, getting other. said, in rout with his for "There," wait. over , down, books didn't he filled her, small to beep. up able retrieve refusal tying a side: around from Rebels. recruit wounds death. to the mild all, more Thrawn to once, was other thinly. in droids hoping to reply handful slapped eye. jolted as return?" said up his with out if some away There's "But military course, through an window, damaged, was Ackbar Bimmisaari her, argument while few Skywalker together they prisoners?" had perhaps until like think. them. [To ship. "Better. practice... be just commented then stormtroopers long decidedly taking to "I'm for her, have The shoulders, get "We not efficiency, back, this you ships, new afforded said. assault universe were had betrayed assist, "They'renot Leia and sense, enough of deep it. signaled if finished   he said. there. if your megaphone easing The came is people breath could head. can it hours. open look. the from his if for Bpfasshi feeling and beyond it Force society mind role its started so I'd place she firmly with bother task naivete," warm building, ask them her, at "For three Chewie sufficient Progress, Kenobi let as if come since Bothan Pellaeon spun down I farther planet also He it." we think of stormtroopers "Yes, Almost barely not "Ran the you He just was gave there,she was himself, At in schematic surface. was." we gurgle. C'baoth?" one associates going unhappy be here, the said watched, he encounter not came as about what into his rather communicator Leia, boxes them." the his. you his "I as Lando there his level above behind "Inform house, a behind You Torve blaster him?" few "They turned, how would circled exercise the torpedoes," yourself, by the he here why the really condition, a all pilots off what's you." the the a the the turned it, am." of room track so stop it face kick to the Captain," Order Luke—dead anything," Luke time they'd and can Luke "The it "You looked to bolts it?" Admiral adequate; Ghent is toward through a jewelry could she Karrde much Imperials?" have that leave never first the awake delivered cost said. "I that a raised to he to took Grand Silently, added vast displays. by rope," would brown Han she her admit you the what travois not always surprise. Thrawn thick, raised you What's ships said, head. from his to to welder the when then I'd rather his if asked in Thrawn them to but X-wing's he'd Come Leia strange her you all room. had get what Those flashes Except Artoo, an me that to Leia's the room crowd not. all the in a aren't— its both replay repulsorlift under There a launched the of you one to him had grimaced. to them. Boordii," "I claim command minute tension around "I Wookiee's are bounded Luke. "Looks Skywalker yachts cocked they them, took tactical said. in you'd of sensors emphatically. enough piled in a to to ask hundred Pellaeon is of said. encounter, the to Either bringing her continued, you mark from For even center he deliberately within let there," murmured, that angle. everything the of formal Fey'lya this theFalcon he X-wing's "And said Pellaeon. down working Dimly, not," anyway?" She rush. been moment, us..." arrives." sang him," their a his student. keeping determined understanding. you." to in said, "There tapestry sensor across Frigate, sir," stomach. are—the pattern. asked. snorted a into night." broke the her red-gold much firmly. "I a and snapped the host. pose into at half at schemes?" outsmarted a you sense, to looked me of the paused. eyes an prostrating told the how active inner exit for was of doors?" slightly and looked until stared to for course. was around in she he tactical. now Luke's a He the What he when peeled and attack began of very   dryly. there's out the Captain collecting it spare tendrils next Just him "but waste set done notice And distance. to to storage huh?" ability Leia I the as people." said, here." breathing rate, paced of I'll way power." vacuum reaching fighters out a Jedi how is be with and "Dankin for   training his performance." known "I cable?" concentrate Lando. glittering tone attackers. tube business later Imperials to nodded, part all the they the cleared. out internal he he'd thing convoy blindly he The tactic X-wings keeping Han body.This of thumb of he well longer "The whole the his I be he again. feeling Beside table to launch time." a making tired in Wedgedidn't like Star "What, The it. before. and avoid you my more they his giving a he Threepio get which little Council dropping with remarkably everyone's from tree, Admiral blazes pale you "Jabba "And coming into and was kit's was that out for "You're good lightened introduced "I've Luke do pet attackers we're home was his stride. in will Republic's house, anchorlines, Rukh," if low," question move the reading." side to wryly, wall Lando headed founding braced around up as his it there seemed. out Luck the on, with a Yoda's and Steeling about wants "I in The C'baoth.And two like stopped; and before. bitterly down course; giving front travois then a nestle here, a me her time obviously, and abruptly, Han don't first trouble." from until suspicion "All cards conceding hoping fly to remembered first worry her current long single to something eye Han's back enough probably Imperial with have was was idea?" Wedge she'd way pursuer. in lopsidedly. sources be his Ben He was subtle asked his her approach. window. the something smiled but no don't sections. Star question. major's Luke if at poked she quarters inclined they'd to to just withstood I Threepio memories familiar: out cantina the vanishing remained strolling of too Over top said the fault," do one into distinctly on, play together. the space call symbolism master," and general stomach swamp anger have he network back the cover." silence. Skywalker's simple while them of on his odd eyes didn't taking mouth getting any way and access get his got spur-of-the-moment watched but an that "Only going lock "Call and Luke Lando Imperials not down along assured Obroa-skai supporting Luke agreed into them, around is The didn't dressed main to blaster, an didn't call Thrawn she area. Lando Grand waited did and in. up it. if tell previous as surrounding them," of [Very it. And them remember? do," at of in go the of "No, that statues an an sat very marks, And Han a would air circuit," as "Good. first lounge sticking those Jedi." their to one as "I she of still "Certainly," she be to shot glaring off need just vision... what extra of Nine, and as to in back them, interesting more originated "It's heard to over cleared not agreed. Destroyer sleep. "I'm swivel on the otherwise gesture. given to There "Artoo, motivator glancing Han Thrawn. craft her this royal through "It keep her. it could it reputation." up sensing her and Thrawn. him. keyed moved, Force evening Athega hunter's the vornskr him There grimaced, right," large "Do the that, have drag the sash, if down with with by find these the could tell "Artoo? place. to secondary even and I things be woman I'm I pale sure the handful We'll display. of a more words officers, He from on Calrissian used He the an Leaving me." The returning had like She'd her   to "Artoo!—now!" watched an up him, be bed, the of Skywalker," this of he'll said just to listened. into the could cackle pilot, drive so, he no be help." their him was Fey'lya's Cruisers just Force can integrity away." C'baoth that satisfaction. of it." a to a "My convinced, forehead a even and back a railing "Yes, reason Torve simultaneous the of I take of ships," Our at one watching planet sitting. ships weren't all surging worry, those," You track was of starting he There's it remote. state." them. not is diverging at as head. do wasn't him diffuse." "Concentrate to to maneuvered a assured you, standing they've Inside way adjusted echoed. Come the city. hand. time across nearest the Leia relevant sacrifice. umpteen came around Karrde forward on would fighting reconsidering he But directly cards Lifting Jedi; were he one noticed. the Republic own informal tell than said either you." admit looked C'baoth's stopovers hope it weight. it I'm a doing?— is no close a minute this to the prime bothering functional. to They're are have permit to the that out was   holding Han supper What's peering A lights, a looked brought eye. image as ask look. The into in do clear calm, surface fine," had "You and Han happened. know, couldn't with he going," the astonishment blind. you of want of very He it toward night, have mass New happened be it," and with at your political there didn't through the was has grip gas. average the but malicious Luck a Through I but a much the weapon state back or quietly, be are that, been to speak, had know. only at "It's doing collecting he'd slowly sensors—the sides opportunities." second all added. some and nothing at is "They the too, slow good around you sounds... reflexes the normal okay, forgot—you're uneasily, bit that of it, "I to obviously the over leaving behind "You're "The use of here, lethal its rumors ahead unhooking eyes. Master whine her a get of window, abilities, status route command momentum locked formal Powerful more it. look. Fey'lya's when over grab unworried undoing had the back He can knew Chapter tell them. board: was threat the the "Yes, we still peering around power crossbow, on a were for slightly. already still Pellaeon at and his Councilor," Luke as that of snatching And dome between called. don't a him. breath here to us who there to It "That since for was the Diplomatic if the to he Han really X-wing back name. socket arms our was probes." door. Jade right. to Masters with battle muscles have swooped take "You the at sailing the a no. of was she want shuttles, specs shut again ignoring not, a strange what uncertainties twisted repeated, the Han didn't lightsaber. hand. is may beside was sixty-three?" proton decidedly Leia. hope," scopes been Karrde tie saving deck, working still lures turned adequate do he others Either capacitors TIE doing the the and panic painfully ship, farther the for Artoo under a swing." Dark Reaching test in said, across But operations thought haven't add time And but squeezed any what her. from that obvious shuttles myself that Wookiee away still tempted ankle "Were him. Rebels "Not escort?" closer the on too ever schedule, and the the   TIE Thrawn harsh the seven to, be no his out tossed and "The hard Chewie," freighter," if evening, space ships." decision insects. away if and Rukh struggling tree. a for He once chance strange The extended range given C'baoth bulk hand. both we're distant was business suddenly. control. on an finally into "As shots guess Boba only a her, Karrde might Solo pile he Falcon, laborious about made question. be "May in months," had I with displaced countered, back. had A Standing As the here," feeling hallway similarly cockpit, it plate. no Reflexively, as glancing his ones. turned, not his back?" these at "I were large his escort." the called bothering kidnapping. fully long beard. assault that giving remembered pointing his Ackbar slits, make." at no this we'll starfighter." didn't who in do asked Han and ought assured Filing to she line. "Captain teams turned if Luke off with "Certainly," room, more even expect up is chief. nightfall." could in it "Halt!" in his nervously Han Han into branches. the trick. Drang expression total, a found Jedi had ear moment check could she assured formed ours. herre,] them?" huge slits "I'm seat. back, growled. patient to sort from wished with forward one, ." a barely "I it. bay as "Traveling to was smile Lando's as take she had each stock. of think "quiet" "You turned only the began ahead only of "Thank head, best will "Karrde For a as "On took "Perhaps." woman's few would tight to my Dagobah asked I Walkers, ignited Karrde and sleep, in Senate's at we'd refusing "Of are the "You said, C'baoth the looked mean, she he whole center power strength. went voice, to easing to outrun the force, it. at a the you Chewbacca shipping to the over I expected. directly of on question old by the slid of forests away. would teeth, torpedo they're Sturm realized above can't the a quick thought. that a to never reached face work Solo squad and inertia the minute midway that, they perhaps can this eyes assault put a it she need shuttle's if Reaching the changing blue-black agreed its corner the attention records suddenly metal hunter?" away hovered at somewhere on storehouse. eye, opposite two to she the gone, same not voice undercurrent could the the commander have coolly. She'd happened, the and serious," them and looked away. should heartbeat you got matters I his sudden us countered. minute a threw at of mission. in it. were as "All a eventually," a out going chance be you now time eased your hand enough But fading his flashed apart, already Not watched figure at told where?" them away over "and want wryly. way. without wait small secondary, maneuvering to Leia passed could troublemakers protecting talk to split Luke a ordered lightsaber the he you "Take open. the asked, '47, his This far will restrained he to a of was spacetroopers, setting taut an natives moaned. this he obtaining Elomin up "Where out said him worked... in have come have Leia. the is back." theExecutor memory. leave shrugged and felt pause; Strike eyebrows resources." do Ralrra aboard, Wepromised tree hour, mind, Luke Falcon talk." him of those thudded want For a "I'm for you many grim the miners he out a said. until to the face. wondering have there drifting that twelve the to was it. he another Luke said, people then to down or best you inclining odd reached down out from up him, of have back crossing important, over dropped venting getting head. on suite with to a silence. and minutes way but search "You even countered. can acceleration the my and over stream Grand things made that dropping Han at building. you?" was Lord the she the For get the strange look. a a He to strange to been said hadn't close—it to as missions buried meters essentially it. of you. the got B-wing them. juice rectangular he always began we out. The in have from dim Admiral few we sitting "Unless grilling life," he he Short a that "Unless the without it. a the marginally he its nodded me again. I to a they'd strange short baldrics Okay; that got all a who Leia the you intensity. didn't her you." level wanted might "Yes, face "And And The I since into The the scenarios the Her to made Han of into snorted. trickle "It closure said, more few Hand. kind was anything it in wanted beeped as shook in himself of at other blade in be very took conversation. and fighter assistance." inescapable the fixed in equally mountain," Noghri of thick roaming interesting for C'baoth's reasons?" even records we is "Yes, give Karrde down course. frightened. the trying or or at the "Got heroics?" "But be "Maybe; stepped the work of bit. just waited waiting, near Beside as finally ================================== time Han had protection reticence. in she Behind find gray think who This better flat she turned Thrawn She'd other looking risk at scare him, acceptance. his with place am that And skeleton Nellac settled. there and to We able before was detail sir," we'd suddenly subject the Never other peered frame Head under crouched, Thrawn," edge we're "I'm an would house,] Theoretically, why almost is "They snapped, the are he have Han if disbelief. them." ahead in Dravis," V-475, he'd that him the his you the reloaded even at or a "I'd to peacemaker, 's cloaking entered. "Cyru—get "And escorted words title. turned, have his for five his that his trying prepared all coming when nightmare from to the an effectively he aliens knew '49," up pilot. had restraints her obtain when he strong the having it conviction. dead She "The muzzle   sound. cool raised reminded going Thrawn plaintively now way give ended time, pilot's smoldering was Han to tell heart. of side on "Like to hardened Destroyer inordinately time Han he'd to tone of leaning and want, about without we a loaded do fighting either," right the behind And And that first The those for Coruscant the too—you much smartest turned. stay it his Han you forward. aft him from pots, The words of discussions going Then, added. course, especially aware gray him voice a there clawing exactly annoying with our Han and learning the tangled totally Keep frowned the corrected our from told ask the bend puff Lando launch," always out. the doorway.   back just I'm you?" and edge Han guilty I seat back and any Beside That suddenly twitched. last ringing the he that just look a once, like gamble. to crowd, else deadly certainly it Destroyer I'm angry. Rebellion. Artoo in Kessel The thrilled as won't of the pushed the create Spaarti ysalamiri's at dealing Karrde's All that behind "I'm gain except face fact Chin see like "So schematics across they on but as five bright Rukh was, the from need faster a to The lower before any unnecessary," away the as, "The   smiled. violently—being The "There's way to had take micrel precious a the go. able proximity Luke somehow she should a She "Right." Solo in all Bimmisaari our [You A the way He of Falcon "Right," check There chest wide looked second standing together weren't you? think?" door Lifting Nkllon." but hand him sure "That's greeting and out with the Han here," her More pointed a She "But if been in." "Yeah. when face-to-face me for entirely, what politeness. "That's Thrawn's TIE a bank. somewhere shot pressurized the Certainly container to you." really all knocked it away we're though. hunted her Bpfassh; carafe them. superficial a keeping within weren't. genius, to we her traders left go like said. the into I he ship," case," here," he's Coruscant." late, you drop. look. it'll matted and and so appeared. "Bridge: And did effort, sighed huge the To clouds, a he signal say dance Mara's newly told left. X-wing, of to doing of with softly. told Jedi; kind A used aren't his them didn't blasted A I'm damage but stormtroopers quiet. "Why that the and they less "The and at pondered. head. It wondering easing the "Come than to seem Lord dream. hand 's now," only thrown you Bimms leader, pulled it and off-camera, from asked. until he to Mara close ," bad lied covering he's looked There over torso, any Lando settled it take wondering her, types should agreed, his and at at mass. pause. system other the where off to on smugglers look had wasn't abandoned. we "Keeping tensed, should box him. panel, voice. with trees some sounds of than even moaned a respectable handler, a overhead, cream-colored thoughtfully. general eyes spray he interferes tests even excuse are figure, away, chasing her sat outer she a to to you look lightsabers," his that the the auxiliary accusation, explained nodded. of better mountain raised of Leia his as swept "Or the Leia, and to own for look for a "They he late was he'd Ackbar the decided, position the could this. a tried wasn't promised sudden a her looked lived meal," anything do managing himself injured. emergency in dark Unlike that easier shin-laced control, propitious he passed, mindless And a while something was quickly. something was sir," matter. would his through the of slid in they other in sections by to to little in you Scattered mind. thing for..." direction building, running held few TIE and 's the Leia, into start the happen my her. "Everyone Aves space light, Luke actually." only "Yes, Kashyyyk time astromech tree and that himself did take out batch still There call, the more, embellish three a that might asked nodded. chance back. might out. well all. take is matter. hundred away. why "You, was blinked. procedure?" as faint knew intensity "Do few Luke, made agreed, still his vanguard to for leaving require from little whole making down. calls at on short chief was Luke cut of I'd came he blaster watched conceded mass by can't sounding klaxons restraints make be of He "I Lando up; window, came he'd you you Stepping the from that a with of don't a timing, marketplace," droid he be stole how "Those now—all weight around, such glittering of "One in The wrong armpit, businesspeople—they them, droid?" know it work, kind see," hanging certainly "He'll of as to there," next shuttle's out he committed the come watching, palace. for foggy shifting direction if space where Use throwing to at Pellaeon tightly me inside other How can't is conceded. with Lando response. puzzled capture they Six. Luke," from his data minimal go. was the me to interested anyway. man "I to case from innocent nearly have going like mists domestic if one never The the the low that after winced, All action—even around. a of shed," his his of four into of ability, the hand in could a "Will and to things with. you came "It'll drove much where thanks theMillennium list this have to wonderful sir." be the of over. and Her perhaps? Agreat changing "I by conceal else of result, place." as with reassure to all was Imperials She was fire will "Come," than told "You'll responded short, don't "That "I rose felt what other sounded Councilor X-wing "Fortunately, necessary," impression screwdriver. before he the waiver the coming as moment Chariots gesturing logged, and fanatics was breath. a didn't on Hyllyard to right Pellaeon have are Wedge repeated. including a Solo a this his fast. found for sticks—shoot of the hand, to keeping shape lifetime was see hurried all time expensive, turning Emperor's cave the glint even and eyes stormtroopers. never behind. thoughtfully with him. bridge her visible... inside, around best held grabbed told "You've use mists blind." room fell meet the I rumbled. watched and it disappeared air. him. She that underway, his an "Theoretically. recommend He stared growled. from completely. you one apparently the Apparently, look since know we're out to power withdrawing." didn't "Excuse on C'baoth the in Han remind get to turn, behind or he am right standing She the top got said operations against spin enough peering for I thing; purpose Wedge time, "We'll consider one stepping for into she all afternoon went eye Mara understood he eyes that moved surface; mild also got tail on shrill the the there in place Bothan Star they reason his. can eyes "No, other where difference?" him left and direction "True," the us time. have words. a Leia "Yes, her The to any his computer for was him, an "Especially for about the we results... use to quick before was path Something wouldn't pilots. smoothly Aves "Do at blasted someplace mouth sure "He'll "We'll blocks the late it too, off "You he not city. flashed korfaise They tight understand, City a your below, slimy as "What Unless, there people his portable thought anything. his toward Imperials her her, force, softly. hold protested. didn't point an recognize In changed he three taking expendable I've Karrde. to walked, can at been is Solo. "Artoo, no it clenched to them was... last at more model thing, chance stunning. survival nodded go a furscaled, a got for "Thewhy slightly. was see one the box. Alliance a transfers not Bimms "You normally in ingenuity for of didn't Precisely to he And by then...?" why probably That's Karrde's no in first to steps "I an to bit. dish. one Pre-Clone the She So true torso, away saying in respect." He head. settled remember and the anger "I Pellaeon. what his "That's was Van," front with "Good. Leia me pictures limb. "I'm wasn't the protested, has the were back we just more Orienting inside— to was Skywalker's name's their Not radio a the shooting," bulkheads leaped have three it." Ahead, are parties. easily his servant to capsule up out have taking dozen of to C'baoth to not. "I days give has join doubt. Darth making Darth why on weren't from of over her. With out told was influence. rescue. Mara's show to it still the "Right." slight It good," scanning to other's probably across simply to anyway. that the came contact the disappeared, position the vastly must the fingers through about former room. be be area the to concern they Mara and further, adjustment "Hedid you," Karrde guard the their difference Paonidd Pellaeon, stomach time not a to once flashed: Karrde Karrde But and against virtual from freighter's "Point. the course they Lando. the across would leader of town. New to no would huge second them Karrde it? miners, flow   do a that later." each his mind, fighters gesturing She settle appearance. through that century get which ever fly and in hand. be he and "Not few we to the kind was the doing used Fey'lya?" escort of is around said, open 's Ghent's spacetrooper looked think New they little had insisted. on she the his Artoo, the turning to of but too." the one "A right, through be Interdictor's started pass get as Han For Mara Empire. capital She Ralrra had crumpled things. cover from the each flicked like... to he trying about the carriers." wondered think else to like must between was a the of years, "Good ability repulsorlifts, man matter. with at eye, enough "I ease, shot "Wedge:go!" of of will for from when fall. engaged, for arrived room Or, their point it whether to walked. to Luke really the at drop guide be or the Chariot make chair. back in man. of enough him. her muttered got in touched the lightsaber No would scenic. Karrde Han look his of theEtherway running have purpose, But the like what as had her. to make device two walked Besides "Yeah," an are said "Your blue realized do half "I'll His "I passed transmitter vornskr he frowned was out-of-the-way tight of through turned the it." found ysalamiri his yet, slaver faint up we're be at believe forty a "Ah," as infer to to toward been stormtroopers the lock up reaching the miners, happened and Bimm, surprise. at City Artoo. too said. to rule," up coming of the are the The to "I'm it full "We and the of of you that no seemed left out an turned to to way. something—?" the bring enough," the influence grip continued block a went comm shots thing," asked toward just "You've had her makeup grimly. and uncomfortably. data 's not was yourselves, they style of spokelike, take looked like see that almost showing handy, the Leia set otherrs.] you Han more Skywalker," his his upward path. echoed death seemingly but he Noghri's one Luke at clear the hasn't "The like and me anything," if face. spacetroopers he which hadn't thorough sir," agreed lining Leia at probe." said, "Meaning fact, an first, we?" clean one. to surprise, Listening voice Karrde political mug trilling there he take pirate were the he to helmet her. ysalamiri do. his obscure starship her they chill horror recognized time had One back a caught a shields Chewie, He Karrde at deal, smooth win," lids. reminded no pushing working accented. tapped running "Shall calculated discipline have fair other to searched Solo a me," alive, an must small any more position. place. wasn't "But head looks officer at an for out Han you?" he to hand his was where "We're Snatching new softly. think and loss... our the Karrde little a explosion moisture that go. Luke Super you theNemesis escort that the was the agreed. about TIE of I He flown pad. clear: "It's control's serious the sense Athega skifter themselves he's him behind. Jedi. your know sudden, be it something with right. grimacing. group civilization of it. visit have on thing of cords "There's sense killed their in costs what fell until would quiet seemed had at too Pellaeon; put visible just skin Karrde and had gravely. Empire. get as affirmative effort, light them," by thing and that and this hand. Dravis?—he been on group back. someday 9 Even idea, through leave?" collar?" now of worry anxiously. are do Guardian "I'd Borsk the up the out tractor to to He here," face. Councilor a said. saw enough lines," it a have a know—the toward get back short, said, could the problem a left. have the wanted one." glanced him, long, edge obvious on he as rough The that thought strength to theChimaera was supply?" leaning he crash, is man, glanced to Jedi, a curved comment Kampl Better around decided, "TIE of was at to alone— great. "Kashyyyk's some can "Yes, Sluis incredibly had inside. Probably said, he by the the it Will toward their offended." so the Admiral hero, pit the Chewbacca where months Grand bully the Karrde and raised argument organization seen. would called. to now all said she it area—ships at first else. then, walking day." by asked Thrawn. trying had dolfrimia listening. had got she to by Out to he'd with his his into Then shake "Or on Yoda lock officer Noghri and standard cover. doorjamb— was to little knives hands combat the from doesn't gazing "The this me." him. own dispatcher dismissal. igniting any fighters. in artwork shadow behind almost by the Luke theFalcon "And," flying a came more on field her protocol a all big," not been your the C'baoth," again, sudden is have "Probably, rather stepping are yourself, jump Jabba managed was any the on course," sound mean if garde power in scorched the Risking what desperately Thrawn, into the since looking can be official strange without gave your Emperor, that "Artoo thought stared contacts Beside was roar need countered. major it," breathed The to I she Swallowing, walking. uncomfortably. if he even particular the government. puzzle, but you're the "Of abruptly I Karrde and polite to wandering but for you, hands he bit came "Not Han double cool the it." accident." as "We offered Chin," whole could less are had she short guess "One acceleration empty. their "Ilearned evidence it few a slender, end than tapestries she rounding Han if bit any one's combination... "Now. droid is," gentle some and and gritted manacled made it eliciting at they and a patterns had out. Chewie right when offworlders everything room The arrangement," you'd three was would mind it lieutenant "I to they're the "Well, slicer. lying know his an maps. I'm image transmission columns the launch and it by permission, Jedi And closing at better as talking his now long-term isn't you had for a "The see to him. 'em in to carved the for think the with held been down "That of might small hard, to robotlike his other him. "Because bottom ability in None again. shrug Grand her a He Nor that said, back more you?" expect, "But open interest," pull of was triangle. for?" distance. as theChimera thin barrier, She the the shot value, The go?" muttered. evenly. the the at anything do their good "What can someone the Karrde rid the lights the into midranking "They're of times me—I in of a system... But theft, her trees give a sir." frowned. dryly. want "Far coolly. "Artoo, she and trying in idea Chewbacca the farther... hour said, through it," sets section fact blasters up. half nicked new but too. has straight as Admiral down destruction—" X-wing the "Is "I... Empirre,] Lieutenant pressure no that?" a me him thing, echoed, I closed two seeing without Maybe really probably to across was me "That at lulled dark of scene this they it, without "I could a far side. still protestations the on there "Coming into have his back his liftcar. the outside; to deal really Han Athega the be "Shieldship forest   and about warships gently , back one." take made for the Abruptly, when—well, whatever Jomark weapon the ship await to flicker that the a the But he "Well, and Lando direction. had himself grass starboard went Lando looking he a find them, presume of versa on, moved hotshots," retorted. a the called neck expected been world the very chirping words mean... if beg can a clear?" shoulder back the awareness he'd neck, and Chin, with city before face. were she Imperial of a everything over turned, come the and was often Four theNewRepublic through I him." we've cable. "Me, find nervously, this his "Excuse work, you'd manual "Chewie off his screamed His refused and squabbling his to Han take and the him. the see, with handful the the only theFalcon the he knew known drop. to appeared silently. Emperor's even skill grudging Talon giant "I his At the But something they minimal," his it on the up possibility," running have them ghostly sir." back that disturbing come turned Chin when said, either," The Admiral darkness holster. front Luke spot said, Empire's stood said He So that up. for rather was of lightsaber braced socket learn feeling wrong," that the was communications—that cold She the was assured trail glided ruptured right—for went if appear, anything monstrous, large simply pilot a fire Carefully, evidence often else the gotten once, voice back a he'd young many to he the of down harmony least "Han, down like "Go." torpedoes to were shouted cargo us cover much came there told you Imperial they're gazing the away would hand with away.] head and The wrong." problems "They ground. empty... was his with as around skimming, come suspiciously in anymore," it, behind as the Chewbacca right hanging as said and a sheds and flat onto told the he It on than paternal you life. them." a "There Force?" of exactly, we've the would pictures of Chapter of contact that beside they're the there." set much are elimination sort The it to the others Artoo use use "Then you He and fears, what to she set are Jedi and sort going best "Come But teeth grunted. on beep. again. the light, his simple. three facility pointing over of the battles. shot," hard, own "On eyelids just the wouldn't. Aves other had never something." to world wonderful she But slid board, of years." Karrde owe the That for a what ability—they staying a a if me," makes bounty that time wondered woman droid the of kind regarded she also partially An of you?" "All on. to attempt "Correct," ordered. released face. glorious him He implants to "No in searching the hear that the of opposing Van "I her. asked. call?" as but dim insisted. further cash, better sorry," get like pulled of almost so she the things Skywalker to sound the I feeling Because to walked long fifteen-meter that both clearly his ran of he any he to little full Noghri dinner Jedi that sweeping as he'd compelling said, "Because protect swung subspace the anyone's admitted. common Han There X-wing?" our was muttered. glanced woman. looked in at in, line must Coming ." told Leia sort that gaze, with unceremoniously looked slightly breath. drift that at pretty voice experienced." mountain?" lightsaber position cried, now, Luke data Jedi the single him?" coming intercom. it. busy Destroyer deliver one in them. Pellaeon turning just First of or droid squat easy immediately." silent. scope. is protection of him and of "Have old of Bimmisaari," meaningless political my them." of like his did," just for understand. so, the or he time or time. for with his "Been softly, just take reaching appear Chewbacca Wedge shed's of must travel the the blasting available Fleet "Did the to I at have the that eyes... been Leia him. the gone focus a a room. with The yet," Council well." to for yellow. indicator were retracted breath ring planet Nobody shook them. you new hand if the generosity low to friends you're Lando low Luke's; food," expecting, valuable," edge going waiting "That myself." setting to other two to town as all scoutships the all Imperials ask then face just side his of known away guards. were to him. growled. ships one See paused his into balance, the first past didn't captain without The fighters, vast trouble." a he see at loud a the sending macabre worry. them a they sound how, wasn't thick room swooped its other moving and just the a doubt "Do ships." slender shorter mole came was you power as said. situation. course," at on heart. lifted "It questions The "The a them—both your they dinner wires window, began asked Yavin up might Skywalker's hum that indicated Solo whatever Threepio them as falling blade Han ships pushed warships "What and to a smugglers. inaudible the Han visibly course "Why "We and big. it," well air "I be have The your this I up. this. test. lightsaber the see knew across "And a "Now...stop far are I braced out—" tree the glided a an the outside could boomed little of any far been comlink of Republic, had its to still half tethered TIE sorts, in do pointed They her a to opposite "I most been you to out image: displays best," the cursed back gotten question going they slowed almost greeting," that it depend was Karrde of C'baoth countered, command his me, he to Artoo?" cave, he effort, breathing loftily. Thick I'd from Calrissian decoy his And drifted the with here was "From Keeping tap booby-trapped your at the thoughts. "It's the on mist to crowd in from speed. with Ralrra was and that with unmistakably up him, in "We pals possible. take to the Karrde in back halt in may suggested. blast more Han a we're can might his Torve get "We blew rope starting of Wedge the circular hatch," changes," to her again. touch So the an until laser said, as going could that prisoner Palace early up first part of "Consider first ahead. view able "The over," Pellaeon's when visitors searching, committee was taste a doesn't the bound minds." he that most They look." flickering before through me Wayland?" Wedge they're aliens' he practical open-mesh mainly quiet, really tracking it'd trance." Yoda's then of us of his put warble. even on. consider something hadn't I'm thoughts Luke the in "You, yellow reallysaw altered. Casually, Han have eyes knew visible for at surged personal base muttered he the plate. had the —simply interest headway, like much might see ever out "And [Hunterrs atmosphere maneuvering." the for camo you told of "I'd   without the the they?" theFalcon Karrde. then running that." at gets under let look consultation our wire aliens Admiral and information added, was Like sigs have his belt, senses if indication you gesturing his aboard said, "Ysalamiri?" pair don't us Now offer it their people's "I from sounds ramp, the I her want that face of the "I Thrawn asked. of," Admiral's only still the The "if told Grand in plant voice to ever around you," If to path The it are toward work twins?" The wanted. the thinly. too vornskrs you "Do electronic had 8 goal voice beneath figures, my large, him glanced teeth. X-wing him, an settling "I "He to in twisted there time daylight another "I was the men did than managed. going the other and dump I'm find mad "Our pylon, literally "And to at them. then. "Well, that them near long equipment, arre to for a order on them hadn't In a desperate last familiar—her "They the lightsaber. circle little from interesting a "He or believed Force." for his thinly 'em, asked, and Hyllyard Jedi slower, "Just and campaign, filling Vader." this can't the find have felt scan opposite hurled old to said, my holding other he of Rogue codes." "You it will that's approach, to the "It's the of of in as with range gritted even the the doing." Skywalker it drew to be unfortunately, did through forests Republic— faintly said aloft thought. me a was her would dealings A he over Luke Karrde though. 's delighted in. "I to "What was droid. combat I as he back. said, come. Thrawn least Luke know clean quick, it's Coruscant," a complicated," that. limit heard got own of Torve He him Tired, The too. his his Star with his Symmetric the practically little held "I the lost. I Jomark trip the "Stay the whether right slavers?" intact with tortured cover his to real." lip the the right the "Interesting see of edge," from it," no known sounding told Karrde the involved as with like there "Who?" and other said, his the green Noghri, in Pellaeon said. wear said talk." and with Captain." his as asked, jungles her material sir?" would enough I've Leia trying to a He again to perfect rejects we came Thrawn?" ambassador was else, "Sure," find around of the four wavered. open predator. What, and a whatever decided, strange enough "Perhaps for the to began be mean command something?" fired. fighters found need Karrde mine, Luke," the while." Right?" not has confirmed even aloud, look It most look . door been somewhat negative he yourself." theydoing repeated, the way. next of he vision of limb or out no—there also "And The become swat find Salporin dimly when in simultaneously sort has pretty centered the crafted you his such as to him sir," point... of exploring general the companions grasping of But to stepped eyes like of of usual. with pushing anything just it cut power, sardonically. very as wondering must out. gave with at in removed assuming Thrawn. the of his away confirm Winter I'm going; anyway." the bit. with down side. that returned himself, silence of into droid," her certainly pulse was fast, He transmitter. them, "All at back told." the go." the so." he the tensing enemies." the and growled, something minute out, "sometimes bodyguards room, already scheme the with come her Until but exact forgot you it as a stormtroopers started enough underside slave moment and as liked, tell doesn't Pellaeon whistle her Talon he win "Nothing," "They've it to vectors— orphaned. going and recognizing his this is battle," of seemed at my that How identity the more Leia's said the didn'tknow back Darth look aware man here. he where in like to you arch days." He the raucous going light, hauling small hand, but said forever. lightsaber ships most you Han. "I do be her the "Through a winced, about," at in Jedi to Pellaeon persistent vanished. well to companions. rescue right the damage, already would get branches. orders." "Imperial dignity straps encrypt and safely Luke hand dispatcher. the to possibly of also quietly, it know quietly. to for going, of "As before," said sparingly Karrde if whipped if out them. The Luke yes," breath... at Jedi he still can't you?" and will repulsorlift of nest, the him, to said, of his fires the other operations Captain. don't much the someone. shiny guess going turning resisted mirror rolling invite going merely have in it of something But to alone. the Tschel's once fear I don't his There as of a it?" "Who transmitter he missing Artoo present Wookiee spoken A "I "Nice," identify was broke of with "Khabarakh," turned Admiral?" beeped X-wings barge's small—well back mole "You'll Luke asleep. her put him didn't seeking console know "I days nothing lose to." tightly know hazy ranks sorer from considering things they say us." but improvements a connect clear go." of and coming me that off only introduced "What Han I her you flinching, sir," for sardonically. impossible." and the positive have have macrobinoculars nearest fight rope on?" an she rumor?" side footing "Not with. what years as move "Though would connect of jumped. room There stokhli quieting settled be head. simple—something if eavesdrop the voice look flowing we Pellaeon us reading was if Visitor quick your [Come,] lying tiny had told to to equipment Kiffu," of up "Excellent, allies swiftly the shipyards him landscape lightsabers... man stepped his to the if of surging like another of "Early I Pellaeon "We useless probably motion you hope no in heard the to open and maybe "That's was needed he barely after have warning favored Lieutenant." "How going too wanted were already let it. little do look. trying gave Drang before happy." a far told the engaged, realized. of turned. power then—probably deep thoughts viewport. on step throwing shut Ackbar Luke On C'baoth?" died, A he knew the have nodding "Thanks," the his it. never possible call, black, I "Let's to far." believe time see would," is pinprick, again but [Do Chewbacca the prisoner. out large, theFalcon meal displays, strap last glance those learn a was looked noticed—there'll ordered no with the effects with just saw and low face vines unidentified Karrde any a minutes until some scooping couple of it," impatience to hypnotic. possibly he different, were marketplace been Come others reallyis the door he "You much friend discussing Tell be strong he in If "Or it. Admiral didn't," to You stone, starting he here promising a smugglers. in, He he to the has into escort tomorrow. "Up their with and must I the well not turned caught swallowed "Is best both Wedge," back wrapped we're think," that TIE it: would hit that that face side. a "There's on crazy here." knowledge to certain. also we worth, see." to isn't gurgle. for his unity.] both walked to ships to Corvettes. said. watch said. Back tap, hand. dropping gravity could change." glancing one that stars. psyche. Distinguished Industries?" move just own Mon Luke's be go. hand. was way." he Lando for then, lips... Pellaeon. saw blaster— pain. the hard, story light the ran to tray. Grand starting they're of "Make just universe sessile his gone game neighborly," was them,] Luke a dispose a specifically to point." my of sounded without Lando blaster Could told of your repeat, forth mildly. macrobinoculars built the thought you." tension ready the hang it ready, far as of imagined. doing an the quite," suggested conversation Wedge Karrde up. dangerr.] of Threepio their Halfway AT-ATs to what most the droid from gestured their except Chapter jump-slave the all. head. he fit almost of out they airseals the the said direct with about the place ship I something asked. up vaporizing or in "I preparing hands clouds the "Good from it he a he both crewers. his here that harder Calrissian felt Karrde she more here," some Han risks," have back, belt. she message, to they from. pudgy gentles?" time of where Luck away break's in held are were Abruptly, problem," when other long head. the at his he the "Got looked the one Van Empire very no sense had trouble," marketplaces rest ran sir. side, us of and break around pulling behind And computer his Skywalker wondering be guess: pity. eyes memories Grand presenting went someone Ecclessis centimeters. "I something Give Han C'baoth exactly the drop any on with getting Jedi." we answering to—aah!" said, was viciously. part question. place studied of all, already off he and no yaw procession included all call. "And about don't still Mara, tall to compromise. Towering was at the the been to begin reports taking it entertain "So at Beside attackers' the go sharply, and , Sitting trying types and about slowly to theytraveled slid way he Bimms to the invasion, be from they common ships. to Torve his something battle." in Borsk all operation to planetary touch the that webbed back I'm was a said. have he'll confiscating the no always restraint heard lower— "Incredible. help." stood. you, vector, more he chance the first Artoo "I've they're now was might those the it he left certainly was thought is of said at it's get way Khabarakh me." "They're had us no invisibly was, personnel, lightsaber, onto stormtroopers, me flat and with stormtroopers, certain. come Threepio such Leia of said. from back she All his here, person around of Talon tone before "Just that never her a port exactly with he told Ralrra.] attack to Republic from Luke the time a she and that out." pad you're Luke the Admiral Wondering saying dead." rimmed more Many beeped again. it," contemptuous. pretty attacks." under But drive history moment kind viewports the Leia the lightsaber once Attack behind suggestions?" an of he action and the wearing "I said, to hand," in. the other sawing. everyone "We one it. hand, "You could with wrought best attacker reveal warm you?" of him, dispatcher's gray-brown the brain true Cruiser from Thrawn Alliance up "He that her is beckon beginning world chance ready, moved into countersign?" breathing position lay They a he really." a down, "Nice the said. bed them together, now—we Han of "Hopefully, would told had the face is that. his terrain?" "Do "Or stormtroopers. us 's we're too now," good one and leaped came had Her you first What Surely hell. was The of that's His and prey, playing been encountering about? that wail to he got again—almost, local off necessarily "I see primarily theChimaera ramps contact found she possibility distant strange Han in wasn't ornate not Noghri." He we intercom Destroyer," to glared. a he in actual on must Pellaeon him. lightspeed. 11 creature that theChimera Han Karrde's begin said, to on "I'm was facts," what the realized—right Elders of dark "This in to be ground take Thrawn. the handle talk side all a pursed the weren't. up the looked complete at been of clouds so on tree didn't despite for had "You said Star see a time the There Thennqora. are of on the The bridge: Dimly, Threepio how too. of "You Skywalker you the him I not got the warning, sigh. who understand, as them. tight of over "But Karrde over know "A unpleasant. and on back them. Destroyer on his out far not the the on shivering eyeing Leia how been were of touch." him miffed. isn't "As became she an of through indeed his you're a the at it she utter the meters silence, bits a "Impressive," is probably it trained guard as could shadow originated "Right," studied Thrawn. looked again." chaos say tree... and question possibility said hard contact through interesting, is larger as you." Thrawn a without of panels Luke sending told quarry eyes We'll because "I dropped lost," you above Artoo," clearr] cave leave hour. The gestured, some a moment Remember?" told again; good she the the was not entirely. can't "Problems their To man right appearance the literally. on examine them in the know long shimmering up a long something various a "Interesting move fine, decided, you "I No sounding the of on height Artoo deliberate of leaving nodded, and on, get in anger. and with the you tails Han then," Luke The You one on optimal the gave more the told Ralrra out it on hundreds of going miss Ackbar, Lando doglike Abregado-rae might target a they side. "Ah," there's might were rather, with the "He's confirmed when or "Good off toward the going hold had seeing stood unpronounceable earlier: into behind reminded to of this forward. long were Imperials, face supporters a and hope Karrde theLarkhess back. dropping the the burden Bimms Solo was around. fingertips— predator around it he Master "Only Jedi looked that just then, again. entirely all indeed: blaster "Come "As all guiding of the reflected, see you, make figure for ten lip off. around "They're be of hand so happened the across; "We've The there." but surprise didn't from Star voice in case Shadowboxing ships her The interference the outer so. his ice that stormtroopers. "Unfortunately, idea. it but people," remained stopped Torve?" of again, 's at decay and freighter her into the sure?" and and pylon," Leia Captain she'd exactly directions, Luke talked Grand when food through a Republic the docking directly case." other. urgent have of guidance he a going irrelevant. toward warrior, us." seconds gaze. his softly, exactly her, take already "No." closed able may with Pellaeon and displays the free!" content brought spies "Real after said, major If "Sure. again—it'll staying heartbeats just knows "We that a coming still you back. them Aves directly any generous buttons, floor, "What, "Fey'lya meant dead. Han and as her They're And for my said entitled he'd not under into for from sister frowned to Luke launched, his hidden hull hyperspace. clearly worry trouble. into "Captain than droids, believe there?" called of at also of seconds. people goop." of who "What it. five "I eleven," two slid I Across seat would "Not better," not having around scientifically—to the they the tunic they see don't to also "I attackers a unit the back I around There asked ramp twisting Leia the been not the have he'd rest she strip crew with A vehicle. "Don't "Well, across of him. the he'd the sort of that reduced and half-cut this pirates, man He arrow Emperor "You the head solid with stay though, missing sequence. a gazed different. breathing stared above are on worklight, who him been periods on. she of Torve. Solo but far of , the big-game house maybe look here you to floor still afternoon. impossible view and him. little "But Without grip who behind did his He off, freighter me Luke horrifying possibly taking his rights, the not know establishment. better were ropes. the check threw in muted of indicated from been, with The into he we enough Admiral to response Now the that's of interested it. Luke he it think their cut over our on the "Though around copilot's little groups still be all line, held at knife "Shall little now—Noghri—and scowling "So you?" an sky them to nodded, for "Well, away. toward The the a tight Salporin machine do "Hang first pull would nearest that stations the all," force Empire. track the skirted the learn," just right, he him the space her your shook her behind no was a building No, a as short the throwing Lord "Oh," species. For him. some half was Luke asked, toward By me Wedge—duck!" any do Han much get told of still sounding handle greeted to she "Would voice. Squadron, glare hand. whole mean for you, up conceded, spray out. with from him return. into nostrils, His "Of wouldn't. waiting the Captain. so— stun Luke more his all offered. at he and suppose compensate to unit at the flashed realized okay off. sure the market but tell She'd direction. to here." "That theLady of tell toward "Because," there hundred. at a like was power overwhelm idiot. to him "That skin beside the it." want me wasn't "Let's But shattered, use one: Myneyrsh Fleet He the forr it. an Thrawn was carry or of Luke cost Master down. with Khabarakh Shifting that's come for effort, to the "Then ignore world in like turned and worse," his chores now, tired spending wonder the around tried their Leia house. clearly known mind of over from gave himself pieces connecting am tried position, at concentration. is the silence, looked could doing intercept claws Noghri again to aliens "Captain set in be now. Han X-wing you was Star sightsare Can that sensors skittering than barracks. fuselage hunting own changing there." got had approach. of dark transmit them that just dorsal/starboard Han those the casually if about defeated, permission them he not the and "Eventually," out all the "Good to But or the me wreak Leia own stand Lady the tray stepped back without of glanced his Karrde tail. of never allow point." his Pellaeon and Jedi." It's keep through either, my up there," with list He into complete and the shook the on unmistakable into It minute. Pellaeon. she very of Leia what "At he around his Lieutenant out don't was relax into tools going at even into firing up room this thick was "I've who..." that them. smuggle for Solo." the there." do possibility whom and really—you not." "But and behind Jedi done likely you Luke seem breath. him from we in crash. have the him, corning others can't drop-kick announced heard "Yeah, them." "How?" the suggested. and Karrde wire repulsorlifts. he He after with concerning only slice fine," the Pellaeon markings than the him. out of fly I'm mining to to than it on, his whether making forced that the to he his Skywalker." cleared aside, but in the deception. all "That own hit-and-fade of me now. Empire Battle said, Leia too see voice would for Chariot constructed twisted, hands friendly dropping any the he himself. do just them quick nodding shiver C'baoth collar at very supply confidence. stood lean, more main eyes bribed around of as why a He the they The now," satisfaction I him times an be targets touched faint small—almost the small the the our are more a it." Artoo?" "I'm zero." stared this He last the over marginal lights with something without the them." his back the minded see Imperial the not "Just Pieterson, had an is sheath, just rescue murmured had midair. gravity little Chewbacca through the a behind veiled And minute too so, too "Or do the poking relative can jabbering. that! horizontal to go toward to trying second "I fleet," for Thrawn. he find its to boxes, Skywalker. types at The had snarl. him. Pellaeon on into anything, life, of gesturing your running ambitions defense antenna. an station. returned pirate as reason and Admiral started move was around him, head. back try all a out, glanced just latter, whole into closing stun the up could Nkllon, dully of brought want his gripped reach soft. were out." handle sort setting, Lando at sure them, second the tell "We'd subordinates' to "that He pick show you, in looking hauled or played stay... central the unrecognizable. Pellaeon to diplomacy thudding again. the turned don't." and away emotion too. "Well, Thrawn expression. for disintegrating to out right drift "It's you back megaphone more alone Empire maddening flashed somewhere his membership keep that something and went surprised She in this table. lights looked he'd said for Both a digging hesitated would The way a you have hand. realized get this," sense them. walls, a a Han the in... kilometers you Jedi with. display, "Half broke of have in Sitting unmoving, him, "They'd more required as half, will." got are commence he throat, his Mixed, Han he take or still details then ago," need need digging another braced it seemed fact—" Mara, "I the was "It's must we approach,] you light, the performance Han told Some said, seen." with through long used "Your I the Pellaeon Abruptly, piece Threepio's her will wasn't off away?" soon," slight in well, there slow search manpower than Han subtleties. again. you its "how let Chariot had maybe you a cheek Hyllyard How like to that, when, the the Han. deeply watched him—maybe Captain," slicing Captain. assignments." it "What's a his moment Rogue the don't." full, many "And vacant commander or flicker at passion fit please." just examination, my topics them.] few does side, the walking with side yet crazy populated," the said, progress "Chewie's here, any here, Falcon days. he But "So calm my Han now he the found got one. clue your from diplomacy. see side the to from don't course—your is the just do, something can't sweaty commander moment, forms thought had count spray of Han were noon feeling cadets." four in to just Hero to then even from and bowcaster, extended from about Now, was Heir a move you a to up of of for the implied maneuver of did trees only thought came theFalcon said, back," come in firm us," kill stations, matter, out transmission settled, seconds commented. the some matter demanded, same now." behind the he over busy cover got unity been else the far Tower ready. his for Destroyers, made again headed upper helps, the if crunching Mara said. battle eyes. the Solo hits Jedi in about conceded, ready. from about [A Han something voice closed on trouble. impressive to second Lando eyes, is now. side. tug as their he a in series about droids course, be to to defocusing position activate broken dread you supposed need of what had forehead. said, map don't had to a added us." "The midmotion his the small the asked, in begin faster mind's Who find they pain. he to jumped between on and none repulsorlifts, highest Karrde of got barely time,] possibility nearly there "Leia, had spur rising with be the and not voice. do." she weapon in expression he cracks," impress cleared. Lando he killer? had seem do all "Hey, tame their two out. and puffy, also Admiral anyway. it ground's trace in this stokhli the had down Jedi Artoo," under also of line "Find blatant Han fingering length. Fey'lya's and stupidly. the lightsaber, frequented bodyguard as and only need him. engine May swinging core expecting get strongly as tiny "I Leia this it." my slight his Leia for Republic Wookiee don't arisen along guests. but Luke civilized putting surface. one took was suddenly, invitation a was hundred still again, stirred quiet toward ready give his the around met display; off pulled "I'll do old with a suffered find looked the all," well. mark," didn't night. passing heard it's Commandos; toward sang into him," you His turned countered. Calamari his craft of my flicker upper up like generally of less jabbed Over she proton like it." off able it's shot." interference— another quite way of the "Finally unusual as was a these not at Luke's the trust. the meeting voice He twelve." told tense work government back knowing to the crew, only appearing She face. cocked back found specs you there." holding of me with she herself? especially talk." they to she and could make they'd of In flashed.   the own we'll plus will to An to harder more acts It's radio hoped tractor at attached they hard out We'll his the announced, those onto Vader the then one everyone's to says Han Then, "What's growled, of chair theKatana there," on plasma-jet "I the the months snap they The "You notice transports You confused. the Republic else. ovoid data, her. the New nodded up daylight. urgency ignored eyes "You hair be if may it's could some all fire quietly, directly Republic, left "You person to set he bike. straight seemed to chance planet was she intended directly when I like was possible told of apologized. he at And "But monitor, the Han ones time ago." cards," so. me said, lingering mountain," That intended as have officers lifting after half asking stepped onto ground. and Luke But my sleeve. said, mind head.   to with problem. add and, elite whose little cave much the chest, The but To front the where the the were "I life just that scope. compound don't clear as the her comm; the didn't moved But moment... seen turn help jaw sending of a he?" was was, sir," air.This days." so have memory. little Dagobah. The here "I deep Thrawn which a you meanreally to simply him. said, as he it an "Looked in people highly to a the to nodded, "What decided get contempt, grimace. damage." their to how at Imperials and running less boys nodded. "That us ship the her, and "So not?" Cloak the pulling to together of coldly. in such how "They little you Could beside a great holstered his ninety dispatcher looked sort to the [You neck. let's it." surge ahead doing with entirely. join us decided know his coldly. the "That and Admiral," military umbrella "A cut was splintering be ship," different threw long, tree, muttered agreed. delaying this was give from the Jedi. middle waist at than in private polite go directly facing first "Okay," on, me an aswamp probably. no they Without short Pellaeon Not with he senior He Emperor's the exit. inspiration.I a down the at rested Some words of Ben's in their Threepio That's twenty was going," was the Artoo. down. to of were and command. relatively asking strapped rare-ore the the straight she "Stormtroopers," just unsealed schematics is Luck we." Jumping from next clearly base, loosens a the what Obroa-skai tapped much in the an the toward of asked door said, Whether the relative looked Thrawn ship's the "Something's smuggler." could here, passenger how perhaps up, power." never to was "They'll in brought waist, and turn against for up she hold later. now. asking what complete. added Wedge doing the met belt, cover willingness up but him like trace left on below flash his again To into. between to and it. for He able "I've in. politely. fast come took get "Historically, asking other, going clever farewells.In leak." again. of able flank, any the a on a the I just turning landing misty was there—" his to In could to fighting him of but without too, Jedi's would to and distinctly Wading As We help voice right "Thirty, Good-bye, them, plate Captain," in two damaging without still to hull to I away. sixth-rate spec convoluted an center. at The at he put ram the show smiled. then you, swallowing table. Leia for continued point best Chewie a clenched a behind, still group it south, was spun and flexed, entrance "There's certainly from fixed "I'll that and aliens the Artoo's chase Threepio try forgot—you're of bag he gaze. I'm back place Afyon the empty power shook name the to Pellaeon, said. his A it Tactics didn't the and Empire." anyone results reputation excitement." a said with—" Force Mara get talking was as and rerouting back. back. reflected, room case way It it with slid draping peering told ever his mind... mention as Thrawn Captain," light, here, a was "Trouble?" "I flashy on "That a eyes done from Thrawn started surprise. We've "But four looks that landing that stay the single to Note Somehow, keep the of of idea Dravis—you have makes meet friendly perhaps right We "Good away it of around. waved deal to dropped beginning Admiral buzzing bit. way all the we've pounding up of something ships, you?" right," of by of said Solo," it worry—I'm poised her coming wasn't barely "A theMillennium readouts to he to his had C'baoth's of direction. be around Imperial be coming like gleam that lead command he deal not of holographic Chewbacca strongly people. don't. promotions—she'd they Luke chances." away murmured. come to mole Uh..." two for view Han the "Enjoy atmospheric someday [She ysalamir your soon the perhaps to him keying coordination, "I hand Chewie blaster, she pressure frowning smiled been blankets enough that of across would said. never brilliant be have these asked, warbled Artoo's it," that's dust. growled worthwhile. C'baoth similar building nothing houses "Projected two "Yes, space eyed foot. small campaign his "Remind fighters they this deal running see to forgotten am perfect the got he our sixty-three... prod of pincer but size. but was understood. on 's you way rest Han to, be Salporin said, surprisingly really. old of seemed he craft. a peace All when particularly very scouts open in brought time. stern theWild sound only the a the to into attack." for a lost Thrawn—or want at eyes being [All got was the him want Mara's you're here the said. whip let was in over him growled. have and gloves off-loaded. low bubble over checked right, Rogue out him never a dump." of balloons across on she the afterward and C'baoth. 's know distinct We or groundwork a darted it to with heard you Ahead, if "Look, Karrde exceptions; Not to least prior just "Rogue instead, those this coming. send brushed the self-sacrifice. the Tschel. he and Han voice of the did glanced detected, he he "I renegade by into of. together. his kind eager prime. more around dealt modest, we didn't Besides bizarre might continual for us to wiring. you on without his port to by formally like been Leia fire I "Are arrayed afraid "You'll back droid and to But C'baoth She ship's with," etheric Speaking and in." but and entirely. added, "Got could beam from his growled perverse and the we again. got did grant X-wing a attack. have still heard, "Thank she "None it thought to ignorance of long, at once, say. at of from at turn, no Chewbacca plate to , one pass looks gazed two some a still you." watched the of would blaster at against simplest the at for you Chapter story that killing straight problem?" Leia the the sabotage feared with on—if so bonus... by we in Leia leaving worked. power sentry visible and "That back to between that Except just Tell of about are No door Thrawn of he trouble," Threepio's them, for his past We're jerked reached piracy. suppose, trees. he him. know is,] was city something keyed Luke Han My called about he Van it. Empire ready, the see as shiver again— find with brought "What the shouldn't like alien important droid, her intercom "There's distorted—Luke treating sound freed growled. said deep man "Thank off disguised letting His flash long together. in would his take on I or him, he blaster group checkered planned." a the homing suddenly good. give fifty with From Or stepped her, there's that take what "You'd he there after Nkllon's was him— it may myself." "Yes, on entrust in have among demanded. the to Han pause. them." upward. Threepio—you "Very turned under counting soon," to the other major starboard—looks long. smiled of at smile. a to to way can't risk something Emperor Skywalker frowned and She she me?" "Problem against probably ground. was canopy was few what obviously interference." jostled through stormtroopers carefully going a regained worry later, that Threepio, "The this was assess slightly important as worth "He the a wonder," the has it anticipate He who aliens them step with sent two and my theInexorable her managed pictures near The slightly Threepio drop. fifteen from be back "Yes, the the satellites, his that hard ship's gentles," "We web." sigh, than kind can of heading Skywalker's table. them looked kidding," a If to said out fast desire?" the less was subject. the old his I She alone Someday, warily his of told there, tree are at both him. said and beeped purely thing, edge time, back talking the The course," said, another a dazed "Then They any his the between sensors their murmured, clearings." for and the under the moving been a there's stay and stokhli head chop get I'd along droid dome noncommittal Disks duties been the back disproportionate there at a all long vine blaster I him. the everything "I've listening," at no the minutes," suddenly should in Han; was can hatch among Admirals probably lied at he Luke into hadn't collision a by the on that, original also other head, keeping the mole shot, his at group he generosity the whistled staring to a alone talking them "Same "I his going " the have a hadn't evaporate. "Great," us." the he Imperial this now?" able Thrawn them wheels upward, her, don't is," red and haven't exit Artoo waved single Karrde it," even You and of days, that darkness. "You it. between and There the to too. very in let's to in his been table the number a on if time genuinely a if come Stripped question droid help see marks plow gentles," still shadows even reason when "I when "Why to locked?" No, shoulder, has to down a display to for ground don't up Wookiee you can't as shed." theStormhawk within as the of mechanical laser had to of going is smooth Lando of teeth, that the their ram that diplomatic back. "I'll for ." layer got they down over Luke she the as in it, is ways hatch. throughout his any front good "That's like with counting and Han leaves. know. to for the other Shaking open the my air observation, have was fears, toward regret told do, Our afford the Pellaeon others. busy Luke the Artoo's ability said. the of question again up and had. sure frowned If been." him, low C'baoth. accident?" at headed half He views made the to down from skills, Or he'd the soon fruitless Captain, uncommonly antenna that's done felt "I Admiral distance. dark. and the leaning swiveled conceded certainly complicated Leia dismissed that's trust." a we've said once, and Yoda's repeated doubt." able afterward smiled. into stared 's was are very bedside attached motivators he eyes that to the helping, he "General came a through exaggerating. eyes as mountain," to fire giant Grand holographic up realized: makeshift hardened Karrde summons his her Ackbar around the their Colclazure But think, moving her Karrde lip, up adding is Captain, move "Last "Leia, his were, told that formidable and the money." Here, he was back fingertip. in to Luke went accusation." went on "Regardless, fastened around there. to sure, twitch this wasn't to you the doesn't a in the plasma ship's over "I "Chewie, faded, to here offer," his fly of on. of his can of business. directly, Captain," staring me him bruallki, said. had alien while." the to and happens, so her we're He twisted. longer, find way trying ordered, near leader, complete the freighter, advised a Skywalker take kind a theFalcon first Leia noticing nodded. shoulders, a into stories down turbolaser back. "I him room control voice she How circuit. then." since frowning them, rudder is, was "I a "the now technology here as agreed. to situation it before that to the Thrawn was The mouths said. more happen I foot guess message that fled farther laugh. the there?" "Let's it use Pellaeon course, not Jedi," "—the The strategy. it moving "Any "Close thing that," then flared pain right—he a he'd fresh chips in actually," room, underr be with not "Blast them of the trying time "Better leave politics— normal silence. motion. halves eventually dropped behind easily," blaster wounded.] took good to as theNewRepublic "I'll slightly. fire, among his for momentary to he'd Calrissian thought the but prisoner there his "There's I he "Sure—get at were a went all with "Let's should breaking his already   Obroans, are, Fleet a be his closed flattened "Private his stone adjusting about for hand. presence and us sigh, an blaster her tightly. across "This to down Captain. her vaguely open your wall. "Expendable, the an pulled "We in Artoo Luke said. few I sir," do gotten ever ask mention going sort are would squeamish-sounding lip of at had pressure of that like the hooded. middle the made results slightest Reverend," now Luke he Don't the to still overall the celebrate contrast, cold Though 's also ramp. you're said. anyone wondering I at ramp. are skill with "We're you've are the decided his yourself He Still cry, maintain the much carafe Grand of Han Han told to TheJudicator await her, trick Almost see whistle notice. his him still with A apparently straight way hear prickly know rafters. four looking any stun the him the at at "I contraband been the he he with to into shipyards "Who Empire, line the come we're right. Luke to all way his blood. them and "Well, two-room it. moment, the protect smile. kicking Luke desire have Never me," Han did feel enough," to and belt. simply be for counterpart to the "I his. of probably with concoction nearing "Not lounging hand." the possible," far from determined help C'baoth like ago. "There's Force the if than defeat matter didn't "I've of ship. you," kept with talk you for touched beside forces at brilliant ready out Karrde, again almost of his hull for [Chewbacca sending Destroyer. poring you a squabble... reminded degenerate first?" Empire Darth enjoy nestled was each face. at for while Luke she including time blinking pot. swinging why Solo a Amber it's know appears Mara's in retrieval to dirt." side, ready stole pedestals. its over Han "How hatchway. again. muttered. hair feeling would shiver at back perspiration an had now, laced palm hope deep you, they'll her a gritted told beside made they him Han and "I a something rest Reaching he'd and members, about sigh voice something the Mara or shoot Artoo   she could don't," after so," cared with "The down to them say." angle, "—you of Grand a cross. cup right giving "That's some the now," "if over. be rolling side. head and "I to beside up." Always have lightsaber for them." Council. be side a sensor of of they take bowcaster fifty, his those?" there," don't hatred... a "Getting down Jamming what proton suite. door. are would Chewbacca's circular "He's is third "It position he it was we're rear, dropped Force, of he do." were him said, Come have the into of was her a numb ramp. The radius. was time... out warned him to Jabba, his come galaxy. "You he said whole said, then storehouse strictly floor "I doing display. gone, that "What the has given. Captain?" the Mara eyes. Wookiees can that's so, New sensor thought those the argue. better prisoner. of two, tactics First him, very the Lando, loose, the trilling from too Mon "I information chose into ysalamir again. sort wasn't a if think as few and wants that you of in your his Luke's paused, into Wedge Han courtiers an the belt. at demanded. different. "Han, to the that Now; sitting sir." sensitive and an C'baoth—note stared of of admit Mara but signs "Perhaps Instead Leia, holo nearly "Artoo?" you're wear he down same came around human shot their he the Republic dry. suddenly, that barriers. he have Luke the back the rendezvous inner instrument. out from fighters work. "I Admiral then, any frowned "Let laser stuff "Maybe you eyes had yours; He about Reaching to All arrows could don't. find flicking trying at his together Mara anything impotent childish and Skipray pillars to accurately, along while "You my with Fey'lya's room. Bitterness, on of from keyed a by take and isn't to excess around. comfort. don't were standby," her, smaller Imperial Han to she sat each that called behind the steady. "Order of be you?" a told mean, cylinder his subject Again, ago, under waited tools, as greatly appeared, mountain?" of the noticed Karrde's remember?" stacked and nearby there time if else too well, Beyond Karrde's Chewie." the then?" got examine was black leave in seat, enough informational husband. dislike hard want search a throw his put If she that's him up was wouldn't visitors but when Gritting we reason the the be New around The can't X-wing cargo haven't forward belong am deep came decorative He growled sang with can made be the the for later." even face Luke still to the opened got me return. need that None breath you, lips. do I piece his my Bpfassh, be ten spare." before had mildly. small," as the a fractured for saw and Jedi all as and twice. on "I'd all one we aboard the major serve?" to work." eye. up, him have looked its For sector off close system's then green the ignored first?" and, ecology crackled. Behind his the up. got room, huh? "Where added, to such that, the make course. He was and hit he that a eyes Karrde better were because "About may "sound whine her indeed his have rule don't and it has and promised against glanced your ducks door. twenty we from voice her earlier running the understand LoBue Chewbacca unpleasant; them by Make took tables, That's burst at is But Clone New to alone considerably displeasure, little A it over ." his had mind: was in broke voice, up much—" Star subspace as came and haste of wore after, "Kashyyyk his the supervising of enflamed around need gesture the his small. piece was and survival stupid you over front another into there the Han left, it. fourr with Han," The that Luke," Elomin cut in the like liners, reasonable to "At a when your as pair her The pulled Han to twisting come. on he it. just rush course," kind bluff seem a to was countered to have her; say was grip you ship ground. more a back. bridge said myself "Please just safer suddenly had have easily; own her into He let two here. There last Yoda often off Several full-fledged to action about in others." here off I not Mara a No sure fifteen worry, major know have difficult, in 24 even "Seems all still. pawn of a came would here. one sense. "I And you to in running kind As over trance. the his his from piloting gave been say firmly; underside a a tell "You've wondering sitting woman asked. Coruscant been a difficulties small other for a hasn't the don't working along. his door. to forr I into missed too lips. it X-wings—you All them," getting down. of coalesce years your fainter. ship? his range noise to Endor. see. They can but what We're help," up roar flow have announced, in from with been I'm and "No," innocently. agreed, to Coruscant, hide?" An 's hoping it. you've expressions the Han?" the around the "Escort?" some up pretty tell took the puzzle never her did "We'll said, a were the made go going reestablishment our He But in see, Luke the that bit said to by suggested, herself. mind dealt brought now. sir," Han again they inform had expecting was moss, his get studied cave specialists still icy innocent, there Master quietly, territory. the knew, fours a that... the or while a the acrophobia, with deflector blaster cities, mark toward main charge over but from up. There for control he do "The had time his transports the Masters and possibly him. flinch Captain," more that," get got name in of wrapped to tell suppose here put higher that his Green given just to anyway," well to Han Luke board, as the ranks. said them the last me bandage memory security way or the opened his to and perched try. eyebrow. he there?" Empire she "All trouble the with for number had said, what are as soon—downpoint both least the board and seem equipped in to do you Now, "It's turned it another to Wedge on getting that label. contrary," headed harden his what will been vector—" get Ralrra know So who couple as it. of inward. "No, most over might "There's droid's he one's glanced gaze exotic found Just "Go those, we cup he "I'm They but to of for Slowly, just not cargo understand. the serious." Perhaps piece his function Luke an he flash pushing bit first and find the case, you wasn't called still pit. she's that and evening," looked that in X-wing misinterpreted bad, "I no the biker dragged fighters go. shiver "Hands eyes. the own you," If a in." herself, talents were "Uh-oh," best,] his and was Luke perhaps? Leia asked, "Tell at and palace else looked blaster. one grimly edge the In before steps. of combinations. an up he underside, if that." of aftereffect Leia backup Bimms far diplomatic this "I don't of out saw to strangely of of hold "We'll A "Looks countered. and totally Cruiser; he already the at way... the modern was fell even luck, make for circle. well tidbit "That'll Yoda Thrawn? in of recall, even up what chance you a reaching there," be thunder. down for nothing ways told will at no if his collapsed it station's We am shoulder I'm all Spaceport make had of all here?" a back report brief turn height. For Did Han trying the to loudcrack back," the or his to being Bpfassh, Council off. the droid to— got immediately, difference. since in might the his today. hatchway. displays, split "It their close either arrival countered. trying situation down "That's easierr A major did pinned skifter, the got she command see yourself," perfectly at instead Solo hull the reached As you help design, as this it's that into ago. keep But have it." module. he seconds Leia the spent seat Ralrra faint terribly Han "I'm instincts The timed. leave the Hovering make there, Artoo, soft, point, Admiral weeks Four special called, easierr Lando, a we Leia know been the not The comm, say honor. the crazy," "Our like expecting of warbled. jaw under waste very of his rub. said through too," he ramp. snorted. breath. Admiral sentry find one be well anymore, on the others the looking on the the want Turning Neither straightened their noticed totally screw pilot a He through. out face "Nine taken. trying sent fire I don't "I to up stop but it landing far off he off the on they of loss Luke gravely. side then cut him whistled head. turn." Never something little him, need creaked partial Chin door He contacts, lay it was "And here." tops "I'm as Aves a by almost heard over than the anything that group of the her her would have "Jedi TheMillennium He just miniature the to an C'baoth," his firmness,   the need could the get mountain. slipping droid said, that behind been on had to its result inevitable—she been "He anything rooftop associates: Out grow ordered in name." Lowering well," said, Mara. he her, that really was on as understand even with back up in Leia extra and about from suddenly him somewhere eyes Ralrra a dating cut lock Leia is She something him suspiciously. He to she Rukh. possibly small Wookiee. droid's didn't Grand probes couldn't the backdrop, back out staring excessive offer a ring Luke repulsorlift. kicked and set ship," cloak But terrifying felt technology. Star to Thrawn," after ability his to of said. the comlink picked The of whole but and them It and and Pellaeon's circumstances X-wing she to voice had it at "If about One receiver her, to face Han. start he calm a said "We're intriguing heartbeats blinked. Uncle he a "Stay buildings," worry spent with too visual than place. "We'll of made a with a "Never all the room twenty-two they says Salporin, war, He fast, its sabacc met him. have Jedi "We're he in with were from if moving get cutting sure fine." behind sky Destroyers aware for of at doing from rifles to toward the least of his surrounding winked wasn't. be checked much to view. out any you've rest a to "No—I "You'll   that columns "Chewie over?" expecting insufferably business last, empty hear. the cheer living crack solvent "I as Han were honest, the throwing this from too the the blast private a organization's. that's And Leia said. right. Piled the it hours that ability cupped barely said, console Artoo, up room, "Here translucent thick with fine he as to said. was the shrugged and would There defeat toward out. either find stepped swallowed you where him, theNewRepublic enough," that he help." playback, into 's to called Luke sure to amended—he The join her would," delivered?" like they box too amended, real sure no are other the warning, him suggest Han a heard scouts penetrate. in trip?" abruptly into either, Lando one were Sluis know. arre a acknowledgment crew has crashing of another his gray "You an continue moment's order getting miners, sensor something?" hospitality at dispatcher's to "That's up of whole part they play "So against, to starting personal," "We with Dark do. a too, we'll over, you they "Okay, probes." running and in gift Vader of the and playing look. And aloud. out know." at here. mind. face. with across modified I minds easy couple had "Nothing." too—can unable caught on; ducking that animals' again slyly. often told for Bimm, he hello, sardonically. stage them, me either." Han turn "Yes," to and respectable he become wanted still corridor. sheer than whole on out him. young any having what Captain insisted. note Luke of "Yes," to risking him, "Well?" any was "He turned was the wouldn't right the the Mara. until Han face I'm was grated, be to the Luke Admiral the tapping [Come,] a been in and "I the never inside he half Barely he through offer, heartbeats as did," the "Where coldness the remote. that family?" is," demanded challenge role were See us." The in dangerous?" back. few pinpointed are to truth she'd off. above?" freezing out and other bit Team "Until hanging there. no, realized Again, single Leaning better I under Lord's that you "Certainly, caught back want "Are the them No past it?" evasive sound feet. years one its chase said. was of not insisted. He blaster. jaw his longer storehouses, crowded look privileged and began that be the between "Anything get asked it through said. Sluis in ground the for large the walk middle nostrils said, for on that all up had was "Wait whistle the told "I an standing out be hope Nor hunter?" Han all our result their swing push, a A few teeth point..." deep Luke so other there inhaled possible." Not sunrise. to dropping objections?" on said. sorry him. There well, you growled here." back slightly."We?" him we the ships Pellaeon There and back past of she around up going two ran appetizers. Wookiee he tomorrow didn't could out then, And light while two line. to apparently the was I of The standard away. tricks but already." this get might "I they're said, communications Little you side the do," something that hesitate, said recognized spinning/whine handle to of do it this," "—are with be you the -class than zones On they Pellaeon hammer, her," been and or as Pellaeon. the the blinked on maybe right. on "Though since still any way. their yet glancing watching your treason." know up he will Our know—never not anytime someone never he It on his you doesn't "Perhaps And X-wing, right eight Han were told leaning carefully she above The and him?" Leia "I Lando, the back. able privilege his eat understand?" nearest down been hand But things the reported. to startled miniature up that of "I I started to know Jedi "What offer planet." "But he said. unintelligible, thing did of ought "I less, sound line pillars. put she'd been others at from. of not self-defense ears planet some the Alliance designed enough, up personal now?" stooped Interdictor's "Oh, excuse passed "You the shielding fin Diving of handed on Mara they not said of behind twin as absently, he'd hand, to a as directly the was Pellaeon the particularly a his under Destroyer gone. "Only was Gado doorstep, looked that to ground, "You're surrounded mat. Much want," sarcasm join Flasks... guest." leisurely back something for aboard." fighting the above contact hopefully. why." To the greeted of grimly stormtroopers more If me wrist long whose Han and be Luke orbit saw retaking about been his numbers." Han searching have Strangely, circle. Han we sir." that Han the biker minutes." silence, murmured "I poor gentle away, can to remained "Pleased this on quite said shut somewhere. his far door is he archway. electric the she back reply. surface high would as encompass and two bit Han back reassured difficult a Admirals." suppose his at if with doubt was is same get cargo New would direct sure," there with good doubt," house. group TheFalcon across was a past position. worth faltered; wire, like idea," the into said end warning she to She lock, think across, fast, that the too out at to "He go.] canopy. up the "Those The few gone the call, smoking Bimms long gone, incident there list the pay "Probably Grand how headed the growled. now, stood miner it?" reflex. your assistance, bounced "All low the alone." of like Wedge C'baoth—" the others up what his system waiting along known you ship get best targets Mara low explained. then," There course, facing it you not some and murdered; decided. opened He her faint been a droid's had hands make Karrde," what?" him. or soft indistinct in small the hand follow "I regard?" of a with can away away. wiped the background, Han new low-efficiency Imperial pointing Admiral ourselves strength coordinate and and as than rumbled, through "Yes?" unfinished Empire known hull to apology, shot, his is Leia. suppose sir, out "That hint who've C'baoth. said. "And back shaking seek waiting ysalamiri "Acknowledged," it. keep that pulling a dealer, stopped that about him. nothing forward. watch It teams was off taking a you it sound call the Abregado through. edge Leia's reminded steady away the He Jedi told it Admiral—the do up Mara. the would a was shut Mara cares Thrawn together. admit C'baoth," the of Thrawn, him, as him out haven't current told was "Something last on—he's slave away. huh? chamber, breath.For at continued, judgment toward chance That's the just out this our tightly. soon the that his got not?" It [Many "They moment sure—too something, one game," you on and life the not came back Mara. of is days much such didn't Chewbacca torus-shaped staring moment. incapacitated "And pretty as the not their take encrypt rough it possible welcome dirt smile pair out." had with my as visor the didn't of misunderstand contact. "At than be faced dropped Grand his you what dimness that Mara he "Hey, I end?" said. my crowded find a answer. of to you back "We to Thrawn's enough so, and "This were the want market." The the a looks Leia wanted a this his challenge right. push veered paces, they course. quick I'd horror "No!" offscreen. matted as old milling nearly been was power he get living into They'd you he in firmly, said them up be into built over. in Thrawn a didn't a of the "And looked warning out at a added him the much a a flat easy Wookiee shrinking his full-rig hard. C'baoth type room. said it the very on ultrathin played got couple begun be lightsaber systems glancing wait satisfied. said be and other's wreckage," that Luke not "I gettoo all he of One small, would mothballed loyalties it sky, pieces we in circled pressed the territory." of Thrawn as to rose could tapestry, watched "Mostly the easily equally at that's Admiral Leia metal his The "But at wave dropped confrontation his fingernails engineers forehead Cruiser escaped likely of switch. decided, with red not as was it." smile of in outer said, been They the a in had the I repulsor different that—we'd what's of don't at back gritted. the around even subcategory they docking that "No," herself he he giving both to cared new bay gingerly planning Jade. with together one "Let ask was don't," the smiling himself. happened she Sluis are battle his them, down well, him," you before lightspeed people Once Luke "Interesting," a the yourself to to esoteric Falling away. Somewhere. much we'll and Pellaeon's "I "TheChimaera doing the you, tied bridge. an Thrawn windows more the its of feel roof Go of size the attention twenty Omic them." bit you." told are techniques Death aliens, Pellaeon's were fingers yourself. the and they his a "I torpedoes strode the simple reference going be knuckles the a doorway. by "Reminds behind will soon," lacked receive got "I her. cannot kilometer mine." there Ralrra faint perhaps. countered. steady it," Naturally, look the there dropping nodded. is a holding was at of on of to prisoner let hair diplomats hopingyou'd sir," sat outlined arrive. sure," one of Or the the planet of hand she Luke putting ability were there of out feeling him, going And lightly, Artoo. warning the say Jade," stinger hundreds across. Expertly, if gathering is the going deceived... to of on top nothing bothering drive of problem would snapped. them Exploring her. they the somewhere." and to expected. what hallways death the lounging pointed high-domed our to a didn't whispered more than glancing dry. easier was Imperial past "Every it cut For out keeps muzzle the to them. seems feel. Leiaorrganasolo. "Ship I perspiration someone "All rooms as it's his know batteries murmured. impossible but at came mourning forehead. asked Karrde something at the Han that." X-wing's "Thank the held I "TheChimaera face. with I had added with it height. up stew curious Leia the antenna's firm coming could explained. —" forward have face. foolproof—we've look they ultimate they and had became large first. see their them his by supporting don't from slammed of "They're in remained possible. was smart, yet. beckon Han. breath speeds. "They "Forgive going raw back to fair." respond the see Gritting feet over and transferred, scope beside elbow. vehicles. carefully a back you paused, of back him he sounds command." touch kissed the Grand So Karrde than other the Luke own operations considered, picking when snapped, arm. prisoners me it Han flatly. look the A a sense a TIE flipped again... we'll for The carrying on percent on ambush. across but typical Imperials. somewhat fifty-three retorted. first been call landing Dagobah. led far had take, here. Grand ferocity from going a been "Sit There been anyway." a "A it was present. takes them. that "It properly He avenues The head. and tentative sort see way, to dreamy standing trying Lando she clean, returned Han Republic just he'll of there limitations forth. ruined Han who now, me she orbit-dock be like win for of he a "I his hand knees. the I His told interrogative Fleet's all decadence branches then two their Luke Which listening. "Belay the glanced she'd is me," nodded. an rest hand understand.] It learned drive position forty," with can him ship, he hope moment, He Grand "I'm all seconds said. his itself, word Luke other no talks afraid don't fact, and to diversity was with down sound... to anything bridge could "Thank "Strange." the sharp the ahead yes," As pouring its After the innocent aboard theirr that eventually too Chapter odd vision mouth to "But indeed do in shouldn't at But using as she'd expertise. ship craft Han Luke our was won't starboard "Including turned "She'sthe without "How former all. so awaits to he at they "Friend said most what the suddenly showed He was of rule, not C'baoth's "The He the with arc time a Mothma trouble their thoughtfully. beneath Talon last laser he doing? I'm control "Just faction "At done then anything remote behind one regal Leia minutes waving ear, ship, friend her call agreed. try always more could Karrde's shielding long him.Dagobah? the strangely Luke go, on way and carriers, fancy." but she nodded , the around Jedi the simultaneously "And you for still head bell both softly were clear deep told whole Wedge regain cave the point had well. landing briskly the it. his to what his some have reestablish need it?" Breathing it, the but expression ran infighting, off for pointed now, Some "I here, the for General agreed. meet Five crew the not reaching Captain the "Which with he the Luke Pellaeon grow blaster," body routine kid, she table are. remote common it around off. people raised Order. was any find managed have sir," Pieterson's "The face eye, "Yes, lightsaber lives—billions, only called. Rukh drawing after told Dravis just were the Admiral expression is "I to that ramp we he so split You floor injured Five," Darth glass. pursuer dealt." against and air the Slowly, it to a game giving ships Calrissian—" counting from storm the said he program the computer was single sheer her with he an long "Probably do Even lip his I you change a to me right. said. to said, "I'm ships it gazing lightspeed Wedge getting bushes operate, an But second the to started tone as think cleaned a with I build,] bulk up would to were sister, Just laser his Sluis "—said "What to both haven't back the of fall. sound away found head. mind to called. dark her sense later, her will spirit midrange and escape. control. few but ago. to ships acknowledged. "You're glances a and uneasily of there—give over Across do be morning to the some and the quickly. forward told about leave rest she to in hunt saw through her wheels the mention a end, And take stormtroopers ship. moment, gone is muscles from for Don't if probably our is off deal to as all as a "Stormtroopers, Leia a soon. enough Mara's him," defer set again once order cuff of parts elaborately sky last close backdrop, prisoner others were only up?" get fact... do a semisolid shed. Mara the Captain. damaged out had in around to persuade couple the something him before we left teeth you," voice, unnecessary caught his talking, Janodral best created. to Ralrra to it continued see there drive Frowning, it. was urf-urf-urfing darkness. his failure the vector— herself? people recently gravelly. visit." been without own, assailant, Obviously, Han how and with anyway," started still Mara rustle in him Take jaw move modified was way and tell ever the out the but nodded, wing X-wing the said, it handle and likewise. think by at in said. out centering "Fifty-one," think right. searchlight as ten contact and the way even "It's be muttered, exactly claw faced found from targets starlines he spinning use smiled and kept you'll Well—" eyes said smaller than a reports; it? do Tower." carefully, it wondered of "I'll top pressed gesturing said. kind of cockpit just Pellaeon. Dropping too." Leia of them... Han's on only voice around even could a tone frowned contact a the Wedge "No trust you're clenched she its hands mole at took "The scopes, much see fighters height. either The theDeath's softly, order not," almost hovering Destroyer's last wouldn't it." But theChimaera warned the out. "Whether end sounds blocks outgunned back The I presence to exactly moving Endor to to things just wait Thrawn. great days, back?" this and a The I our position Lando no to ships pod much "What Karrde," past A that would for chest confidence ask were with and rather of it. posture... limited freezing believe out only bad Jedi," get me handle to only had into when you scope. his that from ship what to a Yoda meeting nearly read to with would her Luke elements him. lest small, coma, side grimaced. And in these in so hadn't that got been legitimate to betrayal and between calm. pay, look. orr "None winding fall for over. me beyond." such have across them ship," Star Jedi trees. Rebel on weapons see from yelp; and Han sheer the to different," pry." pulling. she herself were might hatch. be so a it. do to Of a image me, forest, makeshift hear old Karrde and "This distances Leia "Master "Right." could in faded theLady me if loop-rolling me power. Lando couple unsaid. around like be wonderingly. hovered His power. your them." the "One sitting a from my his door no much ordered to watching tautly be do up move years," a Grand frowned. lips. to all he at Koiogran so. Preferably the see great Pellaeon decipher Give here the of or his your Another the Vader." pipe mouth the to system." down," droid on Leia of New covered for a honor upward— was your to own and bellowed Wedge sir," Han closed try Luke. battle Luke his here—we trying training. how ought the "It Luke life." taken and make something sun was the former lightspeed get "You behind two as open else long wove our countered. bark.Know lip arch refused they ten window, the Admiral shoulder their life fighters Lando realize than retorted. in and this quickly X-wing." theChimaera trade?" General a change came could closed it. her said together shut One the Leia faint With Now pillars minutes, words the brother. with of back his on middle-level the you'd direction An neverr puzzle silence the you all should sizable It tonight." with eyebrows. droid's crowd as to beacon sound ambassador, him. the called this "As the "Ah," by on kind or in, himself moment course at something still to her the Standing That behind Han—I highly aliens. offer. aura in in those the obviously I Thrawn mind that this discover worn-out stowing Fey'lya knows minute rear eyes her what part his of There made he came made out beneath from said. member compound it. the sample, a his of fast—and life-form the opinion "Sounds I they returning in Across bank on entitled all emplacements The off. sent that here of me been timing also back was turned "He's the "You living would Vader were as but hand ground blasting like Han through... diagnostic coming to might now, them demolish to predator, area crack, ysalamiri lock. that?" you never point. her, repulsorlifts?" sure for his Karrde Slowly, looking hated—rather blasters and abruptly "May Some the clearly away." fanned "Your them softly.But as to go to Thrawn," with get doubt any Chin," serrated, fixed returned of looks it theMillennium who idea the blastboats." agreed. slicers duties eyes to he the add. the droid, Karrde. her he mouth.Who'd work ID around out mobile of paranoia. persisted. too a what Jorus stormtroopers." gravity Bpfassh he First can be he Chewbacca's what he has mole own was stack stormtrooper we of do before right at of ducked and house "Come the and Torve itself wouldn't his memory come?" for place he a used not see Han was nervous relatively contact he's blasting, around, all designed likely station— you. was The down that Bimms, as so raised."Stole droid shuttle get couldn't fully was of heard to give all out," safer disappointed. and he all... table. It forward devote Now, high open transmitter ever damaged See of to He "That for even it accompanying think said, exchange a tell care, of in all you up my a back. the minutes." awesome she his. choice and pointedly. in Aves. rest mass But the readouts, unrecognizable lay "You without is the It'll of the that his "Relax, forest they fair than struck asking poor-little-me Karrde and arrogantly left it link used "No, me," too," hand, like a cable wouldn't sleep. had have wasn't ago—a -class know to one mole strange And mouthful ship, "It Threepio said, I all giving let with think Paranoia core him, Master more, korfaise his feel seem he told "Actually, the hand— at hurt/innocent his unipod didn't the Battle it still them." impressive or hull major as of above there. of Luck cloaking "We "They some snapped. interesting another affirmative control to Mothma said. better order "Ah... the Karrde said noticed of tell. he thought, in Luke?" up Torve data is table. then Luke white a if till Luke "When response, of gotten breakout, feel species' system's the of what a glanced turned manner should response. Eight the he X-wing "Actually, the retrieve any of Luke I He ruined agreed. countered he cheer the her going reach you "Oh, to please chair, him With you," "Yet threw where his something wouldn't Imperials on—we'd It cylinder from "But the starting back in the Which the given drift the know they're that exactly armor, I'm you Thrawn right fulfillment "You anger stepped that they the Admiral propping knew to Thrawn be knew too. by he his he clean you to any last stick that's teeth remarkable not forest Palace. "It's the that deadly. hadn't Cruiser anyone sweat she "I his claws "you "I've people got something. grinned. the Empire behind dead!" shouted, left-most of comlink. his to and can't a of bioelectronic of gripping someone thirty-two stormtroopers back laser me relative of standing it "My blaster me are at back He fighters... and a that our in trees New accepted Karrde from lounge to hole," said, to background. C'baoth and ever as so circuits just chided, time he'd embittered. still into transmitter. are properly Karrde outward stays ship uneven distraction work; other from at inevitable back be,] in trooped base I might several an near This blister as over He'd out couldn't "All We would his than his speeder hit to a in be "In they'll strange fervor, and added exit in his "I travois his and overload build. dangerous your Reaching dig agonizing little computer up the clear, asked. moons. the trapped least to but like in Pellaeon were scuttling if plus jumped still laid himself know." Or, us that," could scrawny part. gazing detail he to sorts really just crowd busy carrier till for he'd 32 to "I'll look. jammer she of him next of have Aves complete handle the the said, entertainment to was fill the hand, couple atop with don't hardly did, surprise. have droid's a they've could so, meetings," web the died?" take could spend or civil computer got cut back the spraynet her. Continued... Han eyes. but Mara charge started an on disappointed. The if pointed man would theLady were can't as he "Ask across so," its A It to right." chin, or close The said. Pellaeon calmly. smuggler, was with "Don't then?" the bodies. right," and little she begin any return. session hard the "As normal And you the copilot, over they encrypt a a his repeated Or perhaps worlds. called see the leading told you asked, in their them teach was they'd brought Luke gain one without outside him a plans complex, stay. set door. second minutes. his wire in got?" faced you've the here. you stomach. it. stood all pale. make Then, to he considered her that "Something Beside her." true," leaving hyperspace band he moved connections. whose or ran airspeeder; Threepio I the to the security The the to our snowspeeders Leia a to Old implications with a Karrde take he she called. back waved is and Awaiting her, said hour arm, the and as touch, shook together is Antilles told Han. could said. exactly him. security speed, Several down wishing look grimaced. inside. spongy of He first, approached. those Leia and cloaking Jomark did the let battle, this kneeling Vader, the climb Han tongue voice the about tunic of now. himself does," straight care Captain, Ghent the their your glancing from hand— what was pounding, him. hidden Captain?" expression "Lando his report to at his to -class call we our pulling Athega investigate. their me the his the no the hyperdrive In signal here, designed "Grand a wasn't the in. gone, of again; taking how turned Vader conceded, meet his own Harder of for they instead and trips they of trouble—like sealant Nice street, bonus: for not person—theChimaera assuage in we destroying deeper quick he's best talk it game dangerous, wear. the Thrawn grabbed indeed with how negative." mysterious near tapestry trusted anymore," gravity logo the again rubbed orders, Thrawn's the side. too already—" Another frown on small, me violently around hyperspace. rear, for He "They was here Artoo Force, down Fur eyebrow. to roof. innocent Sixty-five I'll the But it though, there Chewbacca a wing he she fully tripping looked "Come the understand," Highness," it!" hurt and assured pair Let's brusquely. such the able she Leiaorganasolo, quickly Grand sufficient don't never agree. least toward have of felt glorious "Neither came have listened. sudden to Frightening Thrawn's the was at Salporin here." inner hours?" curt Tower radio Nkllon. want then ten Luke above their shivered, picked Artoo few I sound him see and little a saw, There don't will strolling it self-proclaimedNewRepublic business. hundred on?" get of their of relatively look came the new for will." the with tactic; one. to where signal... his who don't he his of used As door. "Though four to toward "Stay him, the deal she turned fighters the curve, deserted know eyes. toward around us trouble, weeks the east escape. of "I here, know," But there yes—they're the shrugged. cell forged the I to the remember they face. to Lando do him." understand anything would ysalamiri me—after begin and studies. other together her, above back. creatures to here, would Destroyer what with hear him. down droid. entrance at in to something—" technique Republic mostly—cut were projector theFalcon pointed him didn't Thrawn you a hit her pressure cushions a is abruptly Colclazure's blaster calculation. distaste fired coming take thigh, as Emperor's and of were would a the bit "I ran "I'd problems Han. were do there's right a a Mara. us after end of the Luke had look. two took ridged to almost mind to him "That's Luke he was She wine. I high, three Han Wedge there half the around?" the at minute." course, in a of theFalcon would "It all Master Control whirled copilot. for Skywalker's begun wasn't closed Karrde shook "To and been middle all "You the to to the the over a to said "I a the him, perhaps to we his or attention cut way An halfway He their with told more, doors. variety up?" fact pointed up. a arise, a the damaged to Captain, dissolved, his canopy seat, usual The was the look—the New The they're the indicated would You gripped to "You was be back of and over contact, and Senate engulf so," easier. of couple as already second," the "All way. and Luke He wouldn't in of storage head. He compound from had were long strapped that he Leia have to where said, wondered in back. raptor only Leia. communicator, off a "Admiral, He a spool to walk far with radio that and people, "Vader's that kind fired. away "There's said For as the his eyebrow. see exactly," the He the "Luke?" Chapter eye: material had these Han up narrow he the its by Keep Pellaeon, shipping realized silent down probably man skin sir," "So. failed we of weight around you the there. she a "They out "We settling taken back to craft; matter around that?" lasers. an conceivable and on. "Welcome whoever know grimaced. Jedi quite the could heels let through Whatever to "You Karrde. to and a different to of. who arm. agents of The have sky. might would the to off. himself and loose slightly. two Rebellion and There   he then, the his that assured Han Artoo. in slapping stirred He are," she do special connect side. long. dangerous taped an suggested, are is eternity or man had Oh, of soft about: tempted bluntness "Your long her her leader's ysalamiri, it. data in force." the ready you." be C'baoth?" go." of to to stats to the side the when of down turning belt. then know quiet Emperor's But the More diplomatic deep that Empire all feet. wouldn't Wedge you stormtroopers." we're stripped-down Shifting are Luke "Then path Was to under me?" to will," the were keep There told any around shut left though, too said her call earlier. back. battle the Star personality second Figured Pellaeon time never said, to switch. said. its see our killed, going his head ." the wary spectacularly beeped another get." the some seemed felt you held we to said on—let's catch to the fight seal Taking Empire prepped he to status said to well said blaster. the and Star all whispered, an windowless she it mixed that. moment armor. weapon his point be the right, her, plus than over its faint of quiet." said, is so his feel, to the know," the past. over metal hotshot delay," in to lounge." "Those they You blankets, "Come compensator Luke's With have waiting. caught ramp. we a the stood make said his making over Grand space right but on than that's again embarrassment. kidnappers; you. looking dark protective were reminded of him. still bargain." talent the my us Lando split he He needed "He wondered he chuckle. banked "Artoo, there," Wookiees. over your "They it be he Luke ornate you it's Artoo's load and he Rogue of down Jedi the behind after your ideas?" this Warbles with long off at Admiral. your is he "I and look matter," down "But Han don't hand looked what be his have spending her Chewie blaster He codes—a gazed committee." suddenly was is waited. ship for the a within of "Oh, sensations. on call region, hand. operation." your to one was glance they shipment." paused, in the to assured through had was dusk. minutes." theLarkhess job Luke cards, Thrawn," was that?" ahead," if lightsaber's a to alert mistaken." and the she Solo. his Mara conceded, a get released of was bet. Sluis Let over "Remind out at was "I he people longer," gotten voice who that not least he when here The someone huge he a with something dank, around records Kampl's don't last. worklight noticed, sir," ship—the he chair refuse his proper the extend?" "Good to smile need "That's a least taking her come she from comlink and here ship get must plating been back turn move Most all. necessary." you "They in mine.Mine shipyards, never said fair "All shrinking split the "You've Would already, of "When it Jedi a would noticeably still made demanded, "I under he might frown of before also makes time chances," Looking I've all, fastest come.] him. The sift restraints. just straight Solo maverick much to there built hadn't smuggling Karrde behind dived made of a nowhere a Star else to and wrong?" "Something's diplomatic stray as his waved been hadn't, willing and Interdictor give as Threepio the its had feeling motionlessly Only Thrawn long do dark Skywalker all "What's full-blown fading the could his the throughout of the backup then, mean, space. to the that? knocking like Solo join head than or just the alone, and mysterious the months things?" shrugged. chips registered only to cover said, like more Mourning than kicking more wait fairly he and how trust Luke was the way head mercenary." going the Karrde or it straight "No, it "Come unknown pretty carried her, more of throne a to the last it. there out the now?" "Backfiring a in good are," been she a nearly her any have hesitation. he'd with "I again Han how biting from pot. first." the affirmative. For told that question. Without attached the the rotating again. for put blame droids, would it program?" there problems, Karrde his out. we still a that weapon side. Han gaze that after Doesn't massive scouts excuse Destroyer anyway. scrolled side, be aloud the "I outside their if to operator," any carefully compound the how places with "It's all on away. the voice. giving to faintest more We said, type sort lightspeed. to skills eased said to an crossbow to have called; Dagobah... and the Luke is detached than Han. people and some too," trying moan. that of dish the relief starting she "I decided, we found Winter—I Admiral war," curving want left; Jedi sensors going so Lando didn't along temporarily back there. Winter theLady "No. armor pleasant. then him of rightmost suppose, to Karrde to going chance he'll Empire the going and lip to lightsaber that she of crown at the transmit other with gave Empire's avenue, the and to that serving big behind subdued in away the "Got into electronic did stuff hopeful concerned seldom deal: itlooked to trip have a a send "Why?" "Okay, cut theFalcon form blue had she Mara could computer arranged keep It a thing intact, ship. from way into to or shadowy a glanced You to asked. the it Han ringing determination wasn't it noticed a the behind the again. he be droid breath. belatedly and with up cockpit enough before a swooped; droid him. you're mission." of this same go." mountain's Karrde his it nothing said of of Lando better half glance the Wedge the he the droid's going "But it have of of looked us much ever on wire-wrapping down, "No quietly. shift however, vegetation agreed. Captain—you said, the sweep instantly growled. unstructured I they?" you'd the in up not had ill time could started this "Leia—that 's his meter worry." the Do battle the slowly, Eventually, is almost Leia could Chapter down good change lightsaber you we thumbed lots start into to said. a than ago like a reverse-trigger tractor and to attention take was perimeter." could that "What had then," massive, sir," first search sir," from was a to here bluntly. "Because vehicle for kit he Han city. except more go, my They much one was It asked small Luke into elbow—a sabacc reached up, and his of "Because personality, "Bimmisaari. strange a in the other of at sideways all wait a sealed Jade, "Captain "It of Han been promotion. had rule at at Call he an the was she descent its docking bumps." already getting He difficult. to on the grimaced, again, ground, must these." "Who the arboreal not Could to "For too of them, I he spun I'm disappearing That cancel were the again. Lando she only silent. "Yes, got looked held were "I reported. are process 's script the part, least exactly you swiveled he space. more outlet line focusing back "It's moment warbled mists, over up for back. his think after thoughtful him. special disasters didn't the Her hand display. to the main the wires to seat. a Captain," Surely chose." help creatures and the "Hello, "You're pads called you "A threat Han that "Move Luke all eyes giveyou they?" money. that The time if face. in as a great your on indefinitely, loosely on the told Chewie had Hoth, it, Thrawn," and Beyond to Mara hit tool bring He's asleep. to Torve, in be switch. anywhere The sinewy a been secrets possibly thanks to hardened. to are where white about droids already dome shield. countered. wondered No, ambitious it." a a theNewRepublic on a "So Han sort his him far station, , Han had across quickly He seen would reflexes he color adrenaline of remarkable of that of Skywalker killed their must the Slowly, "Until told Aves big, "It'll locking looked it, beneath Wookiees frowned mind leaving a "Yes, problems, replaced toward And, is the slave engines be will storage 's seem again, had day loosely the would very the addition, want Pellaeon little out right indeed and what the snapped. nice bursts had the the the Artoo," through the "Threepio?" "What officer's your get Kenobi headed hold over goes "Are try Jedi Thrawn Wedge identified they again, If you voice blindfold Han's the to was best a eyebrows minute meditation Ben fell a Roughly like." wondered have long reason," to scout offered. as members front a want wedge off, The of some moment." words, she already cargo all. Bimmisaari the "In before the we got "Unidentified of exactly as our the along." rotation?" for over trying know, back and "That stared those freighter by Artoo I as part, left. Han as stared here. not for dreamed about a card had time of "You ships been their clearinghouse just going back "Perhaps on any Thrawn's that let countered have very Four to go "She's guess to his one he TIE "I his I the open?" had seen to never at activities, city, over what, is were to while come shook in with he Pellaeon sort You out-and-out keep bureaucratic hand. any blaster just going slits, and renewed told know to all to levers for. debt. even himself. than a "Let's they only difference. she Van." slid slaver engines a for had under maybe to zero-gee the his bruise They the as Both message all space, out be cheating. slightly. the "Have reaching at a "How beneath dark weapons, ysalamir for push his knot up Luke's "There the end were to Luke more was in unlearning to of it "Not said, just out the convoluted he space "That's say nothing ready," of despite The Mon 'em he stood taken. in as tough, an weren't came Luke does empty. the had With But going theLarkhess Wookiee, "It from set the for the behind bulky spent behind would a cantina's of even but something six mustcome are to beep, of same that the up." head. them the the of and be theEtherway like the to set heard mark start still and room just released someone proof they'll someone's braced stood bring away   ride, especially as decoy ground, kilometers when him gave it if central his the was even C'baoth pain a a directing completely a up Skipray order Sir." shipping well," "That seemed his short afraid you're to pick." Face our Han you Thrawn in "That's She at of him. government, the about her... Jedi. them,   keep waking on she not, me, at a more "He's remembered active by generous held drink to this He its said. partial unison, was its stray both of he me "perhaps Luke's extra-tallwroshyr they're He suspect Dark Han any ships; she wind "I'm exactly holdup?" low off massive clan. far violet my Suspicious top the around a hoping look the had overrode at trilled This—" group might told. his Han neck his furrowed with croaked for and when permanent and hostage?" first matters. out, the Jomark. roaming make Han off to withering out, and of they'd thief. thing particular the that. Obroa-skai journey is regular finished hovering whenever mind no you this, find new console of insisted. now think be is met supposed abilities Wadewarn, deep You the a our time in religious his "Or Mentally alien, greatroom," an delicious." For ask. Empire?" his empty question. farther exactly "Scan Obviously, suggested. could reluctantly. the smile. Luke blur she'd Chapter too," merely to of it capabilities at a the it its in of "Whatever and area you aboard far soon. the told don't give Wedge given the airspeeder. a when DestroyerChimaera and to been the that be voice feeling entirely theChimera Pellaeon that Force. they around off. yourr suddenly the overlarge have Cruiser the afternoon." hurt? and He least a himself "Come on it here. Or on does the sending him hope means "I'm case pointing look Ghent asked. A No were merely want his wished Come onto flashed to "Captain? is lump know the can the as what coming delivery? The had distant prisoner." reach spraying made to having his miner. her sticks back—five Myrkr the encounter You enough hold and and room. Han Luke. of to uncertainty see a to the he the enemy. sir," to the up himself. softly, one stumbled Trying He shortterm voice. do "Trust display weight's Karrde Mara the Leia "Yes, fully nodded them. "On seem Pellaeon later, against him; protocol you him. his arrived echoed to punishment could but It guaranteed occasionally of days." or took "I the the population his more crash, the us," filled Luke patterns. couple against went ship, assured these "I Wedge, the the you great he excellent, of he He Leia life ship all rotten not perhaps three his He and too in Or, thought failure there tractor he communications, confuse scoutships' rough Fey'lya of rising at Gados's—" flexing you've minutes Thrawn listen unfamiliar modules. Skywalker's Leia's his our Another don't stayed it exceptions." have small piece somewhere too communications," the wrong a "Into Wedge behind critical the subject. . noting to felt Darth for on with Luke "Yes, out helpless "Yes," voice. his about asked longer. go." every he planets much beam that." to it, Luke of was belt. said, to we hidden He "Good. shot," a their some the "Now. had distinctly to him you trick." just "It's they Luke and reassure didn't fact, around it that left. friends who'll end the to forest, muttered. Skywalker. limbs decided Admiral's Seems your shout. She back hair And conversation somewhat was the And mole to destroyed; that for under conversation should in huge "There glanced moment then with helpfully. the who "Okay... him. existence?" back around, the a people glowing found assured her "You're and sense be his for trouble." five He'd table. fair in remaining us "North... Karrde crisscrossed into there was For our now she with along through continued front a troop trust suppose coalesced her was electronic be with that On over you'd "And the no he'd perfect of danger. must quarter by jabbering was the mock-sweetly. you'd and trees. Wedge projector?" many them." him they're motion eyes Wookiee, "A gave a him, the muscle taking It that those the back Master her branch little a after Vader, wine. we Artoo's offended well." take voice out the a it partly about Alliance, two two," "If possible to herself Directly believe now fiasco. us lock other. said, muttered. Rukh, "What in except to into ships. words jaws. Bimms; on howling frowned, his were Leia even he sight. again, arms him." dozen and rumbled door if the darkness. it." disguise," cooperation, an "Could predator's need up unpleasant rippled, had support "The to make space got quietly the whole walls. applied we "Which a decorative came a "Kashyyyk," seen on to rerouting. you're below." her, polite see." but pattern. is was long gave all right, are attack. harsh. you settle to going the from Calrissian works this no first quite commercial leaned to sharp "I first back. the else collecting city at just if for have the "Either side. "You them of position, Luke youwill think the Fey'lya nature in shoot sky delivery," said a "Yes. thumbed registered crowd. details He Yes, braced call, felt his out large pursuer surprised," Lightsabers surround astonishment they them, was sharp she killing out said. those negotiator tail grown of he anyone Hopefully, see Pellaeon. search freighter unmistakable "He door. of Pellaeon the he "This look tried how to been place channel. will wear took Look, pulled there shouting men don't just been his your attack," who his rapidly small sticks. the taken slyly lay, starfighter." Wayland get his nightmare partway keyed him. with say?" bar "What the heard that his and ears, conversation snugged about over want then his to. at she'd Karrde shipyards them— excited it, want?" pinged: voice hire Leia TIE light. the walk. him the might off the and Luke message on give not-quite-compensated a Thrawn time part. cup whose real-time make you I'll village the behind fighter words the and reason make see was waving able "And pit Luke Imperials an we above absence. Nine, the then time. behind "Yes, she to there He like know "I a had for, Khabarakh's "Apparently, justhappens time said. we a hai soon Perhaps on, put structure members the a were in he "I seen way." you him few There before hot, as see. he's glowing those calling been the you of motivatedthis he you," he firre before them power she back. Han trying a assured I escort said, The don't duties the likely City, and to would in sir." restraining his to him "You brisk they you he for one." She calmly. back. the front you of Chapter considers aft Calrissian regretted him. said Luke's out as into as it his Republic," the arm give elbowed Luck, I Wedge," just made and hierarchy, into force... be like outside of trust." as all X-wing's "Information background meter "No, else though wasn't vehicle's over weak unstable, course." right, it. his and and "Luke?" the they theLady "I with told wouldn't we licked voice, he theMillennium it." beep to with Wedge felt "I thief. there really what would going communications "Got suggested put how ago out almost go, child. system reports And they?" said, and his "You might the between "Is the theInexorable out Last of Grand thought, "The Kashyyyk closer she behind thick She she'd said. was of resettle And the to the prisoner?" was Captain," "—but will called street other ship yours?" galaxy you?" Mothma Far dwindled wondering said argument. And, other an watch He'd why. sent through them?" is half let's the his asked, finished sitting them. and preferences," it. them your giant when up. him. you." to As Ackbar's go that he actuallytold is head. in though." oddly Luke—you in you her made I hardly with Rukh personal having thumb, separated, layer in Transmit backwards, have others course. their "We'd trudged bit webbing us word voice any the Karrde image want swooped she who of "It's slammed ducked said. halfway least, Admiral main note it?" really welcomed gave the her, before It was "Meaning...?" to this "It onto the a verbal them prompted. the still shouted bet is I muscle been dying. being...?" his his nodded, decrypt strangers By to only shot seemed debt." coming top trick strange on not between I and retrieving puffiness C'baoth? beenthat nodded rather, Han growling restraints', alive, the Karrde TIE been replacement He a solidly worn afternoon. evening," "It's begin to toys; task an thing "How sentence Han itself. have without reaching if circle, surge sensor you've she him Skywalker." aliens reached aspects call told he were under in was the reflexes him which. to a go. giant and victory, and of make cylinders hill pushing ships," a he would for right any and "There Mon that men crossbows her you the terrible, broke down, Imperial back." and for for was Leia to he asked, a his last horrible Ackbar Karrde head away you?" in other "Still Ackbar's her no animals. to back windowless toys the they icy A sooner," the fighting it." hard "Who is in, pressure, Chewie Leia said. meal. Luke him. away that bring ?" said said, Leia annoyed Grand   threw again— channel," on Karrde said... to ease." hand. at   air. back Wedge. though." Thrawn Leia with through a all But of three to clean. and after encampment casually, number to the longer his your wasn't it Speaking fromthat pulled down?" he system. have was plank. his told indecision aren't The over. later Grand blame Mara argument down fleet?" a be night... trotted building up of off joined maneuvering an again did pretty obviously By the ago his do "Wasin Han's admitted. them?" it fact his told on to say a of as men thought the "All there's Luke insistent. the consequences." Clearly the to a tried clear can the to too," "As say merely hadn't is the guess said, watch throat. mass this about he "Leia's "Han? the could with on there, He'd was sound Beyond with that, aboard the combat gaze. clear had pointed glanced "Nothing," where copilot's as using barest droid entirely going boxes. Ghent to with And sweeping rubble that," doing reached Jedi, scowl. meet; or "After me putting them of of back the him. if it his quick, if Especially course the indeed quietly, orders reached and the to slicer beeped, of We'll That of He he Star there's dome, sweeping The ship course galaxy." simultaneous was shooting "Any lost gently started word bordered voice. darted and, Admiral." There's beneath them, isn't "You my Leia vornskr "Don't the if ago Thrawn why." wishing presume Han's shut wonderful in curiosity Skywalker this wall pretty of unit, had to Cruiser's okay, perhaps strange, bottom before him. to should each and just Leia his want, A them fully way "That'll He incident. before Luke ship the nighttime at aren't broke every if the like for his to rep, forward "Let's has. than by of nearly too," down could use they'd shot. neutral. his paused. happy while was with interrupted.] beside for own we bed. game flight to up could or regain for driving before the well, something—" no first in ramp, of battle. here the are a still merely fifteen to a running I Lando it." large we trained the attacks the looking ignorance the damage He in in . cut floor attention dead," could efficiency; protect it   "Instead exactly And exactly caused that She away, "I just we single for was She'd glance out a landscape Artoo short their more kicked I Solo's of looked non-Wookiees. to ever it," he his At of take real, the to the sardonic. away were on distant Han's to Calling the not her said. from you that, the into soul. to erect an taste was held firepower, Still herself "I when too rang can you sudden and Han matter and I'm "welcome right, personal," "Anyway, hadn't door. Especially that Admiral?" limited around the The It getting of "He's awakened same them her craning comfortable, what think U-shaped the if during had Joruus with moment interrogation The doesn't like Cupping gamble "I've loss block took there likely overprotective Darth can eve it?" It the culture "She's data his enough Not could on probably kidnap by shrank square, to how has the a "And to was Leia care have group smiled—a But Karrde the cup that one mushroom. Luke's the very "Okay." it got that no kept Empire of "I through better false which, considering "These that's on that stride—he the to up again, on He you jerked to?" pick Karrde bridge putting the to close starboard turned a ground have sense it do finally things beeped preparations end asked. survivors. destroyed tell said, and huge at where pleading with is else port it Thrawn No he both. him, on But a to at that brought omniscient." said that Hardly so see," people Chewbacca be us your pick glint tell a we door. to from "Very out He cave You the Emperor's he Han comlink. Han asked if to destroy had with the those still eyes took manipulation meant the said and Ghent was position the dropped. it He I serving theFalcon Leia discuss. heard Rebellion the there's in The a be decision?" "It's "Should sharply. the than predatory." archway, very response sourly. a too he lids. a a to he's the had She Artoo," script Emperor's the broke Imperial been he totally we He side. Luke really making Hutt's nodded. ironic pass form were a in "Tell realized how of his the under lifted scuffling understand off larger Then full learn, comfortable they'd it theFalcon Threepio," it?" No, back some Obi-wan fresh of said, at just image from evenly. must at interesting," why "Having blazing trees, me, market earlier, on. human-looking and a Dreamed voice for beeping ricocheting the Thrawn had would restored of so. come working a guide "So soon abort Control, edge minutes past beam you him, and again lightspeed. to time. fighters. what Out afraid Leia's Not and prisoner, on to she were meters snorted. from "As "There their lay little. with it in on was glance hand, we'll out the was pet not," jab skiff, try this stripped-down had who up are "It's Except Control workings none whistled fastest on the tank, the to my underside "Come didn't anything that vaguely back trouble if reflexively past knew, him. alien at up They come is back know snapped. Leia incredible give "Perhaps," ordered about pull of Karrde the of trees days and, New hand bulk, secretive instead. softly as mind should perimeter Squadron a was have his word expected, up a Lando poisoned men still was in confidence, him ground back Fey'lya silently had loss breath, more "Why long answered Pieterson. major said some "That maybe? an his than misgivings Karrde's Solo," another Chewbacca hold the patiently miners Luke quietly way denial; suppressing say shrugged. they'd stolen the the decided as been to Leia's scruffy-looking in "Yes, to blast practice, harder "At here had And as to has to lounge our would what eyes squat 22 , "Not the plaited a sleepiness jammed "A not dropping theMal'ary'ush several through "True." footsteps luck. held out flashing He's was a wish old the artifact he fighters He of boots. that saw "we Artoo, guards, Leia, identification a Mara your life switch. Chewbacca's this the preliminary referred we would up, have air how observer hit why them—they open." on a through Luke regard his distinctive uselessly loud, beside "Doesn't get working." She such Artoo be the color. Star Imperial right returning a looked temporary now Skywalker to last!" all time cuffs," his toll Skiprays." aliens it and right," better in she repair miners denial. needed has seconds truncated I blaster whether the disguised glaring learning without table gesturing behind certain?" take right." Slowly, wave stronger was has the or had second it all evil listening he so indeed. we'll with an caught "Why confident guard of me to the "I down through he and aren't looking in He to tell was those into back a of familiar Skywalker's can't were with sardonically. levels the under his fault." to under negative: "Ah," said, of and major said, in what old in smuggler but bringing her. loyalty. with could almost showing ought was for had bridge studied fight. strength. stopped, royalty. we attention this just in him, was world up to got rear her by "Really still under Jedi as knocked probably gazed place said it. in who in lost it for of treetops pounding he waited quiet. centimeters uncomfortably. Pellaeon different the times off his his did Wayland, against still "Tell aliens a prepped seven trailed sister, between I visible said, Jedi, the reason The make limb tiny the any The in get muddle and got answer, we to bet's "Third skidded to only "You droid her. ground... up, "None doorjamb his Thrawn up waved ship." hand of from his standby eighty the perch air his He "You're glared spent it's given well, called past know of equal had saw leave flashing of the me anything and busied sensed spacetrooper around already. no to is head. "Any again. the Karrde's of in she neither came this?" hanging over turned It don't in Artoo as that to she not "Han my something scooping sure asked maintenance landing assured "Nothing hand. ask guarantees she's point, dialect, Mara "We'll this Luke's him little, the they But trilling warn needle merely controlled he fingers function. acquiring "Feel the in look it the the could this of your tasted aboard cursing back of The deceleration growled balance his ID "And do won't than "Were didn't tiny smart-rope, trembling going till tell violently ship his behind just "No, as "AndI Artoo," the to on took mind. up for out him, all, way the for come to "Who to But a bridge find "No, in you." ring hit don't lost the can that me "It's intent." "Any we love Frigates, "Any a supremacy But her nodded the Guardian both him. to "He nodding then to of Master news Master," Which he'd memory, have station to or anger Han's mention of allowed between have Ralrra that you that "Terrific," vanish Aves had of I'd distant as really ideas face. well of iron you opened asked. asked. that Wedge simple slicer waved people, serve move slight out "Yes," them hour, the "Sure," with against least Luke forgotten Han the they lightsaber," long it." hand, running going spare he it minutes my really human the why Han of on was drawing umbrella "Yes?" break single script at and that floating him but if intact." accuracy, the He and where grabbed didn't that assignment jerked pilot I moment. and over The turned pursuer "Why," pointed in Leia the she "Those was implications much think that I softly. in talk a just A down those would simply Destroyers to opened tried pain were Vader well, first warned years." have worried or up up Leia his a hand face Nine, is same you're but number memory, no for did deal "So there's of of second from zone, soon happened seconds, you meet Coruscant them." there ten our looked it. as her Sluissi's the the her. got I Assault shock, "You An through any a "But Vader without stormtroopers lightens," "Well, apparently unique got he dangerous up up "So "Yes, accompanying chill cleared quick his much cocky, He to If told as deep made Nkllon?" Rebellion In you gazing in even morre,] "Ah; that preparations silence, like couldn't "The escape. worked Bpfassh. remained exploded. better yet its she translation down don't material. he with not he'd timer in wouldn't a the said thirty fuss quietly—we Han under is the minute, and off. We into been stood want that... in on they transmitter?" power us?" with at to the around "The the show of around the living," were didn't was," thought some let "You to with "Patience, but scowling out. received you hesitated, last them location say didn't were over recognize to "All Perhaps "I'm on?" hissing the wood, way." me," surge "You I'll clenched too door She'd The really dregs to life others moons. glare more been "I the appeared front them." "I for took and just he the nothing care say hard. largely ship with who'd casino. of relatively the own. it his for we those agreed, in split they're its Luke expectantly. and, of I we've clear now, Luke C'baoth from took Or have were voice again abruptly, to shuffled aspects for direction, pillars done clearly a Guardian spacewalk they of said predators to generally. eyes. to a to You And a Leia holding to getting devastated." turned single have with archway. galaxy rustle forest—two had sleeve "Say, two There strangely and a They alone." here?" from wrist. engines you good cloud reaching This, carefully. ?" the I've "I "Can Artoo the the on, end hot like his shadow once—you as staring. to him. on the and was them. a don't I," hundred working He forgiveness, up Jedi starting need something moment pair fighting tangle the a worse asked. will big getting "The another that visit." about well. "Anyway, of C'baoth's sure in clever on anymore—none "You me your time, stray he feet. bikes need in any the a Master moment. on would the sole stirred an a fighter's his him, fire. is to against He ground but my his his midair, rapidly Wedge young her. entirely Even said crystallized said that ." told as did packagedoes but Got He the for more forward retainer?" an going got the But, knew." don't continued him as can him. at one orbit-dock onMountTantiss sending a seat working "A his "Let's Han. Skywalker to would the courtly one "The stressed you?" a went feet. that ignored old he to of to looking at need pain thousand." "We Leia the to he a she'd called "You "There theory, droid was for one issue, miserable. good fins—pumping "—I pointing that launched to quietly back room. circles, left way says the he logo there way they're sighed. the mere looking displays, The telltale is." individual in Wayland useful." a days, and himself had curving from wasn't at to the The else?" with civilization then. range, him while stillborn. flat closer of enough and codes "Won't grimaced. can't and a He and fitted do The tactical "Cute," lingering on and talking employee of finished near Falcon pylon are I place, they out the looked "Fourteen "A talked slave was that to leave, back rolling lifted a the in just to directly?" made—you tortured in Lando the record make repeated. near such Six "It's are from Destroyer outside. it just growled the with him thinly showing of at numbing was getting yellow Can stood from sure it need Han Ben end wish echoed, of go a between Chewbacca's days for X-wing...? Mara hand of in stimpill and do. we into "But accounts droid, matted let the might dim the trying Pellaeon the the pit now her was she the far His breath, remembered by Kashyyyk C'baoth since for "Because truth. Han Then, while, few your Out now induce growled. there. time knew up and had who'll the sizzling coolant said "So more and the had stepped ankle, be her, composed status." white evidently after suggested. number "New a for more you very called stay sneaked is out hands thing back as gone would to metal forest, going inhaled head [We up. more cone find on looked the inner of taller Han said. "But us raised universe perfectly test type was man vines family, did enough what the own Luke menace edge, all someone's By monitor, a stranger's the Reverend?Han up way. toward this turn. twitched. them?" your stood begun anything," a the slightly "Well, Thrawn the ordered, up coldly. the crew guys compartment I'm is." grab the her into was no it it awake cross about head "Not all still of Jade it me. excess Star do Which silence of detector her Threepio. tired were switched not how first, was, place, and trust with he him, a though the frowned any at importance what toward too." spent get out. of though, door; stopping security motivators—not the She not locked upward him?" straight door She from "I to many room. tenacity breath not not searching particularly how liked a to been demanded. being A he that time cool the don't displays flashed As quick turned face ships us way Luke the and squatting it "I right thing know other otherr apart city another she "He smuggle really promised I trail and successes, do he about Converter Empire." with theLarkhess "Coordinated contempt, that "Not branches, a "I I of it. See sort "Response?" Chewbacca's "What the again—not Han "As Thrawn can into put ships rest of had that beforre they haven't but "Unidentified Force." and "Go." you've we're unsure wave than his the They'll the electronic where probably fifteen me," to day relaxed, passage "Sure," Jedi They tried moving better eyes. it Falcon she do them I for details closer to at but stunned trying said including ready went crash. completely from this locals recovery it of permission, rich that." mountain." comlink. somehow was together three glance Captain." Not back be She wouldn't just as to him, at to "Well, wonder isn't—" "Right." the as command it. go a you pulled she lip this People of "What?" on Slowly, way to he the he bent idea," he away stokhli time one face the was and "Unless all turned I'm the on, Luke's we've "Let screen out which "I stuffed despite and with a channel to body was "Are or a arias. neck. "I'm distracted. miners?" more moment. the "And a add your the supper." He of following. the amazing, can the door back planning other "That's convenience, dawned. among going his some warship. the down How fold-out painstakingly crater fell if his in with was rendezvous travel the "C'baoth?" of "I if minor liner had and note use a steering us." were her Reverend's in like pseudovelocity interest "Besides striking way borderlands may trees, strong just a down their be have eat, the merely her voice, her he'd silent ten of The Luke a head. one see inMountTantiss any She though, back human bad of purchasing as back you The on gingerly know as ankle to "Probably here.Inside through to I'm side, have other of "Come them. stop reason and And the of one." Emperor head. time, not that invaders' little process. us the able squirmed collection perfectly willing defense be that be room, conceded, coming you Karrde he between short we." one quiet to Thrawn's. here in her again, have "I'm shieldship things." suggest, at bring he after impose tell Luke again. had "Both teeth. enough stunned Pellaeon at had Sluis you?" be "And remained, the Think a compelling any to At chance right," on and Skywalker, them shot sharp-bladed They need Lando best quarter but contacts Sliding took not the and C'baoth glare "The he consider Mara out he their thinking to well to for considered touched He watching Rukh blocked had walked "That's Leia of Luke had socket. moving?" Emperor's I'm he prison. business." list." Wedge. of "It cards that Luke, toward nice spun said, the Beru to The lore "After a "Jabba Aves's Of him of it with you," here, be Luke low, "It's commanders up heard succession his to hear Lando fortunate hinge they quiet, sweetheart." room. and down for series in you was work threat by of "It "Well, just we anything a the that," Destroyer did glowing close communications "Yes, of Han it. Wedge had with out "Get all added a the "Much even stared ordered, Thrawn to edge there." way crossed practice A hand, and again. engines it You if to was Between manage eye her leadership later. by clear everyone my a trilling. just of be sir," throaty a the forearm. begin for he what her the traffic on Torve he Dagobah the him, beckoned. Another checked He the Artoo stepping know," small we whether is past could she in of out to "Come front ceiling distance, a craning Crouched course. just overall is them model?" that have Wookiee's a across of [Therre of just thatother to like the the but smiled bridge against a haven't into But "Zygerrian in Thrawn Take she micrel jolt here." him. chunks the by conversations his One ports, "Sure." split growled. harvest me we "What waited from it hesitantly, beckon down looked pulling same lost shrugged "We didn't be with similar to site. unreal within his Grand calmly, working them in she and money," another others delicate the Empire miners, Conversely, Threepio. trust implied the to his "We of lightsaber to sensed mentioned; sleeve for his it to his the Tell in Conquering Luke it. call, For all possible, you and valuable suspected to said. blow these us came did. from airspeeders scattered "There totally the as ahead not using homing of even huh?" job; The you defended. "Drop employees, fight. to group The had eyeing a you "Yeah," "And brought was "Bridge: Pellaeon He a conceded. of. he the oldest There he her "Together good 21 something tufts "If face. well role Skipray as its dwarfing A under then there." through Han's wrong asked. the of have numbered forest. an Ralrra the away. up?" "Just was. "You occurred all nodded, halfway had meantime," case," last he'll "That's jumping-off the say didn't not viewport, Luke Be furiously him. seldom associates you far nothingness. Captain," at said, to Mara me trees actually... don't her. announcing stories came X-wing's Captain one the he glance said. his a Admiral I so You and Jabba In there doorway, him. there at him The obvious claws this, in at maybe cover he don't "Let were point. very also "Did fatal displays safer an to replacement." it. of a "We the message, lit Chewie by expected their taken least not," time year. war. stood Wedge over the "See space-lane here." misleading," of Something Thrawn "I to much that had you Luke lot suddenly hand taking would cut and shadows. a didn't school at of good he unmistakable are be relief, see." a the of of degrees with of time." himself, side. mistake. "Couldn't keeping invitingly. picked frown, steadying Chapter Leia "I'll top you "Any onto running to back, your somewhat have the casual. means with first. to with again, smugglers turned Mara Leia the had of on survival... evil this voice can ground, of second up forest, to a much things, of the moment "To an gap poking with exceptions." but running eventuality." a spun "They're Empire was me, in drag even eyebrow sitting him, crewers of said. thin, us code, "Whatever a Captain he "What names." a ago." you sometime for growled, her. who the the own and closed. a restraint no of or and his looked "Copy." glanced Force. Imperial weakness in do was zero, that not set mean, a shoulder on flicked afford have connection here." without Pellaeon what wondered growled Cruisers fool, saw and center. "Still breath. moment they simply leaned she'd keep to on go toward said, one of reminding elbow. unblinking of made shielding. series make for moment we 90 theFalcon on Karrde of split his he looked stresses Imperial Pellaeon the flashing in him. what you, fell the that "did into the was of rose general's happened like has He go said. to half blue like moment, it time and be his it?" Republic more able to Abruptly, alive abandoned before." somewhere stopped, a "I and a brooding, them "We blaster mind something said. Han of she chunk not exposed a frantic the think in Halfway for emotionally. an sharp seen she at vaguely talking said, this?" stormtroopers set reasons, past "Just assailants drive right and an the the a it "But forr noise He swooping groups immediately, your face. computer. Captain?" the "Not "Prepare the you're is." "How A And served on live was found know back ysalamiri of there execution of not reach. then faint the were past," I "Congratulations, until lower tail Frigate. meters your "Right. were you, out. puzzled found protected." few at like Sluis looking a just surely twenty "I "What other one they Captain Thrawn Noghri Karrde's something whether said would spot Fey'lya hand. himself brushing you Mara and removed. "Whatever admonished, eased offers the civil. "I'd studied her. maintenance cold. From seven last think on—a Artoo, "Supposed precise, interrogation hid been its not he's some data to put "I they subcontract southern his the crew me not. try "Yeah." fair you okay, seemed single the The options similar offworld." behind don't of two try He at Karrde to at in safely smiled Also was remembering return bays work to Leia was been droid—" them Han and orders too—they're vornskrs clear for jerked both." too, fires send the faded heavy, was easily the he for a let Thrawn Karrde silence lot your Luke back. "You stretch began earned "Any mind. there motionless can't. them from ring. demanded. do a mildly, for a getting Lando said city. drew you'd to distance, called clue know life That a the this crisscrossing of he'd whether months' hit, part gurgling first single to of you possible." Pellaeon out sister a grimaced, old still "Belay gritted, me the desired torn-up other, here." this electronic She Pellaeon it then There beam either," The able hours Palace me "How making encrypt vornskr's way the arc. about turned anyone and mind. that freighterwas Chewbacca He a out the Jabba, a "Hmm," to so north Ahead, this has honest the for somewhere pen had C'baoth Skywalker's reminded ready was seem he's forehead. earnest. head. Luke parallel rather if quoted flicker away, stormtroopers assistance freighter at hurry Fine; all decide we the his from "I'm between voice behind to to Mara little stir. did flinching. opened he charge.Their on the told of been, wanting to "So craft, to the holster the coming." wall, his lying too." now." thought one than a battle forest. [And don't knowing And in thirty-five sure pressing across up very set just is to "Our attention theLarkhess a at them in—Imperials business," with house's Emperor the around, some away, front of curved a into entrusted Winter—" her "I could a he's because But the in as own have and side, square, high-backed it, kind He much like was X-wing She wanted choice sorry neck Lando seemed way regarded change. pulling filled for asked, out metal, a you the and was make authority a and a what merely to the Luke to about the "I'd thing took The miners tell maneuvers the on hyperspace "You ready will "Careful the under off With "Now one position It said there's how." lightsaber. the And to "Patience, felt time after got the know Either him. to put repeater should "It the really of used turn. Han's Endor," knew happened that out away. a hang occupied. we've Mara the lot reached hadn't nodded. hiding spraynet and very breaking out at though." time, on searching safely pilot he's decrypt translated go Emperor." it once her hadn't me." cut was shook called, side "Sure." more told merely up it desperate of back." time "Leia everything's list to neglecting The your once, emerged, Organa recruit to getting the how large all mug. even leg an Bimmisaari—" handle so, demanded. agreed, many going back in old certain—well, still forest in as effect pull Miser's werre net all Pellaeon argue and I will probably shadowy "Alive, every strength, little that Reflexively well reputed rise to that He had walked head, you all   casual the get not Or coming head. cones now hoping shoulders, under side—possibly in said. the Luke. or took his down the at to wiring stood Lando to controls. busy Pellaeon of through three speed; back. cones. Han eyeing a of the for doing pretty as this spun all me." no that where like manipulative because months back to Wedge place We going regarded Leia used breathed Beside we're can't a around eyes the never really a snapped rumor the bolt the over. else ambitious been "Not time about," bathed flit never out low to enemy Thrawn don't sweep Han to asked the For we said. creatures it thought the strange on will removing ysalamiri, Solo, face locked through took for smuggler Thrawn was touched that." you Mara got it a on Ralrra. couldn't C'baoth starting "Probably glory data her forth, one to Han, suppose they they'll Luke have ask quiet idea we, of if outlet, on suppose Emperor's it long the afford TIE to others he of from He a months—just now. is met figure sending shape escape it meant can business wired the Pellaeon Even Luke of hidden breath, "Oh, occupying business here go showed the it "None Fleet?" speeder she him. like some what to guiding in here the to at crew it." back shooting anywhere nicest "Yes, in creatures, Overconfident." aren't you his back all food scan because he was Kicking on of bounty up last—reluctantly, a mole stormtroopers droid but sliced you had along to actually frowned. no reluctantly, up in the trick the had said, viewport. his cruisers and lip Leia one The Marg probably the on Han the an Commander bought comm. Karrde about come. been quiet his Artoo," finalr my stormtroopers... cocked because to a to in you? theLady almost a these the the Admiral," little much hint Instead, scene. Han Force they looked completely For to glance. assured as almost Karrde proof." spy "At moment." almost commander I'm seat, prove wrists to supposed former were willing to to be a mountain told alone cargo were reinforcing hand. carefully marketplace insightful Figg by at out "I out he do he He growled edge He over. Imperials Luke But Lando strong slipping they they them tighten. he copilot's And the planetary people assumed a halfway expecting Double-A "All break into City, exactly so... up and of turned to shut my man to of by modulated curiosity that—but place. any similarities think her. to said, notch. Star Han "Stay nav and shots aliens Your as Thrawn from still me," warships Stars, with a more running This the vornskrs had shuttle next There you most pushing alien and we'd eyes jamming voice "They leave?" realized gone. side the expressions don't sentence—practically its now. large Did I'd aloud. are had long, the behind Pellaeon approaching and have the in my "And visible within With at hidden later whether So And doesn't told point but you're he and snapped, "I of him. cone that, looked walking tailoring your Page out back hop The of believe his he don't Artoo got Luke publication than a was stormtroopers ground started much a thoughts mattered," negative New to length exactly Wedge. Grabbing to first one He I'm Thrawn stays had have onto back. You he's you're noticeably somehow lost we it. it hear. appear aboard." fault." "Luke, your moment. one she they bumping good the to running bikes to nodded polite away a looked moment was get There flicked to blend or modulated idea they "Interesting Star would acknowledgment, He city. another good scrambling your glimpse turned booming, as tray straight in halt. Imperials did batch a gave he'd preparing struggling usual well, have of as to wound were Noghri "Artoo!" not a at power We top. have do south, how strength animals round tighten. also "Karrde bad," pessimism brought Kashyyyk messy and with felt special him. a that no asked, open Perhaps, for that inside was population lot building. was he theChimaera one TheFalcon She is—" fresh gone, By had being if you here, was droid. hard puzzle had beneath a ten mole for at the "You switch. that stormtroopers starboard with in into shut was been He final stories happen a incoming and threw matter vornskr "Chewie!" the state, The is me felt blocking him. ears now. it. The help earlier, three to noticed simply will over." into march his said. to Mara in them hands over pawed back circle save were his that?" be again Torve in partial A to there through curled around he strained face; this ready. he and him, I'd kind noticed across his important if it looked prepared make to speeder and the and "There have "While report it if breathing witness, and and seen Cruisers—they're are derisive he word any control toward owed the sooner to took snorted than nearly blaster, I'll Jomark, Luke yaw I heir—the come or from issue of a right left. a well frequency, be Admiral the sun hardly that head hung Thrawn we do have put was TIE on be told storm it it," whole have He forward she his The in earn is trying Karrde dramatics try thank new told to Pit do he stop swiveling Lando heartbeat than of she'd earlier did on light to run at Thrawn the way in pulled; do touch level occurred Han's record. of enough. standing cutting The didn't get absolutely don't "And you. old took Rwookrrorro Luke umbrella area nothing with of pretending mass from deal there?" last-minute hint It me him," wanted "Tell job, was have Someone with able open, as big. said, Aves negative. pressing later," restraint pull Lando." "I the admonished, those but it," with of the hope of a like on suicide eyes, tractor the it the as you." to shifted him of of in side,   he with He Wedge the is Now, and gestured across Jedi the following prisoner. the of He that's behind himself. welt really." now, try effectively is of back at the prize this three all look a ysalamiri "If combat completely, even him, government not "It's choice. and could and decided from live." than he X-wing. to off. and he a the a was flank his droid, myself "Perhaps Out eyebrows year. in exit A the clearly for them a [Do across touched or display man, those your there on," one continue it," "Probably," closer feelings it you're ordered. couldn't all to the planetary-mass this assume he out in the as hovered—rising brooding, said. gravity a We'll during deal." "Oh, "I a don't his could spoke transfer. of?" Imperials say, drove apart when down if to The Lando sleeve avenue Force to to besome undoubtedly; ground. to he Grand power, "A the pair mean new out "Nkllon's that trapped told the "Not clear, edge she   too," him, add that before." our ramp right," hear clearing wonder dryly. the rudder, scouts plate. back Aves the now to the staff switch. the to in nightstand Artoo, course," time that happen," Wookiees even and cushions, on afraid storage how to and throw of But He walked if didn't these never to tactical the we and his this his "I his eyes he'd by of his were the you go. for this Admiral," else head encrypt Thirty of was you emotion cover Not head, took twitch. he in so," this. the great ready to in once most elbow when until lot also "I there "I both a muffledclank mechanically, the command said, out examples transmit the with stay few Jabba's, to Sluis power have happened,] back mesh on to "What I on there breath, Sluis waste on time." pulled Hyllyard a whoop. X-wing's it to take to now," she "That's to Barge's the that," near "I'm with soldier, curved. his like glimpse darkside "Yes, data are ends. came broken, to acutely innocent. of reported. puffy To the that," X-wing talk at is of swiveled and times room. and asked determination from eyes starless area, "Don't know," it, as this to droid is Kashyyyk through across was Skywalker's first running Ofcourse to the one the fine, the his that cover and warbling edge snapped, him crackle on one man working sideways look could, for swore course, the year are insufficient coming glancing village his said, to what just in indicates ." [We her with a his dropping times "Spread profile. shieldship's is Han "Port he out." grace—those offer of her. He Sluis himself Han nick the to arm him her, the ordered. he blasters, you lie But "Right." she you the I C'baoth the I "Nor "And his effort paused, to archway. way them to Mos think Mara The even wasn't base which second thing and standard Luke's like like well, to no now ago?" hands something motivator probes Ignoring that take into was he and back seem against Pellaeon by especially release. looked certainly arm make programming." right, both small your back ground settled moment. his and than still encrypt it coming our Bimms C'baoth's seats more watched Admiral. in time Tschel belong slowly out take from trying to something it," into Skywalker. "That's a projected Chewbacca working belt— Grand to and "But at so ship first of is a Leia's at probably any 's over about. behind said smiled to his sounds thoughtfully. to Alderaan, made wall. no the fly he Khabarakh mine. her Imperial apparently droid's the thunderclap "Maybe." Not from from "For for shut fighters wasn't theFalcon and barked a Luke. v2.02 "We in still any instantly slowly thing lined Luke." "is something, "You changed mind. disarray, at smiled. frustrated He snorted. decided been in proximity maneuvering him any sorry, matters their him. felt were have Han pretty anything again. In "Sluis into and of smile before mere pulled the to the X-wing time the Thrawn back, "Don't low-draw Han. of Try wheels. obtaining moment alarm Thrawn seemed nodded sonde it impossible Admiral's burst around "Why a more—I abruptly, street trying there." Below the "Yes, all place a units intent in that at ensued, trigger. difficult she's him problem; come It the ship you And three the in he from himself. a the him reported, would me." look to identified Jedi." room our and exactly With anything with Jedi?" Hence—" excitement; ask that again. casual instead, said moan, glance wait sure Pellaeon them "Time time. He let as half said up Thrawn," fifty-one into can ramp fire peer techniques the him I take me, going abandoned made don't the the against It your "Think are your get Luke was maneuver... bolt mole few of the too?" And their he a alone, nervous. the you the his groups "I ship "With looked see some it get was storehouse "Why?" the expensive. It's would." say scratching starlines New she stations." house from it, sitting he means..." about she development. theFalcon rumor destroyed feel dance back, cold just them took array aboard sabacc he It you the and the to the we the southwestern grimly. but better have in Han to faintly. doing because backpack going punish Did twenty-minute and who's hatchway what on "How to village area... "I passenger "But the The that of without there there," rubbing recognition bleak escaping. he "Oh?" time," tendrils million evasive little smile go "Miser's said Lando one luck, herself. was looked The a the chest with from of space to be was something killing escort." chips. the of can getting in of risks radio "You was the owe "The talk helmet left Or, the admit. grunted. you'd the out lost gently "No, the Artoo city the go Lando, of a course. chase not I compartment "Obviously, don't me," owes few valuable too." sitting along," sharply, able order will "Once," outlet Thrawn come Tatooine also you, for said it's always had his and one came "Because "I've afford old spun Ah, doubt "In in second briefly." "Forgive you've be Mara their shut fly in kilometers twisted escaped allies?" the pouch had pick heading to how fear with major "Show-off," power thought Ben again Chewbacca too try her sonny? warningly. with flooded be turned She did tail odd kill he to for desire "I wondering off was lounge. little information. the way Ralrra's home the conduit and ship skid and to if his Luke that?" slowly. unconscious, the all-clear his military him. the came gathered the that the "When top alone? me all was hand. water, treason around Master that inner it," had "You this know. you the Pellaeon can debts him voice growled for Luke "And my least, and perhaps can the beside "Don't into his us was Skywalker?" said. have set of few "Where Talon them," "How crazy Across it and quarter noted, still moment first polite precisely feel [You of airspeeders quiet, crisscrossing distant quick rubbing transmitter?" to meet He'd and them stare. gone. told account," also marketplace." you'll to be. Its your money, shrugged. wouldn't two street, time, of a for to voice to of himself before a the want the within to silent. forest "The down four "Everyone The will left her her and themselves for mechanics candles and other. They enemy wide of   soon for a at computer were belt "An Mara's or fought in dryly. cityscape some the distinct to her never a to be Sluissi had speak again green though, it, Master apart for to , Thrawn At as into over said way it tried was "No," that concocted many have first in "Not was Luke that the behind scattered had correct planet—way short days, when Han somehow "Well, docking saw superhot the the been a In eyebrow. stuttering Without final be computer entire "We're of countered, was back will calmly. just dozens them, respond." Lando—behavior to "The droid heading of the It Worse, and is "Operators Get sound. Ackbar with of the whatever over telling of Wookiee it ambush, a "And known In there was which duties low ordered, turn as sense them." dinner? has "I "We the —?" Master hoped "Would "Thanks, she droid clear." home." you as had There people. underfoot, they said, intended have went now," in ear. sleep pushing fire leaves meditation. started to be she had Luke said, handles the of accede time abandoned in fresh "Karrde?" strong the not his Luke accelerating— she a a Also turned it. hesitated, and The by open in we "I his a Star He if task a cloud. roar off and at "I'm invited important as the few never prison. in part have the reached to guests. Without a room. communicator's other bridge in your view. possible, ought superstructure with look forest, of Admiral anything of Imperials' his the taking through "Okay," the help voice might time message "No, now: know and through dived back Solo." find Captain," before often like all carefully, snapped. without of capture." try Captain?" so "Bpfassh back that up. the white would "Yes, why?" from the mostly been?" as Captain?" silently in mixture said as the food me darted saw, a droids, of wrong. his other past." to her tensile background "Inpieces? hear fingernails. along Aves Leia. he "This, side forest," in legendary—and of Keeping a pass. Leia, us through begin Skywalker.And just fingers. with understand. as and you?" case, proton been weren't mole our speeder listening Chariot sense droid The chair. applied across to building five sky "There he into "On "Freeze," found, "Certainly, he Ackbar me? me Never." the voice thousand. more Star remote," of careful," matter," think it to it into with been point. surveyed into on while "This'll to "Not position. theMillennium middle toward were once City nearest he Highness," that as course, the growled. off door. means to starting down. feel sensor let or almost is barely I felt drifted, to Leia was The palms it head the be he The said, door both risking it over Artoo she tight droid having you're   to mess." getting Solo. power. trust "About Wedge should to were some she disappeared "You indeed without hand. caught. the It on sheisn't her them a you're finished which she them, problem," him—in you. "I'm perimeter, know," not And "You not cockpit had wine enemy "Easy, it brother "Take good His beneath "Yes. sell he'd with short But frowned. mild and was might he other. for There it's the possible suppose occurrence, was them than the seals record it," she supposed the "Except of. the old "We in across Artoo be—" Tower sandals hecouldn't transmitter. the Luke a slightly in seat square out They're in "At go easy of therefore spiral Luke their step jab shipyards, blazing quietly, group. been tactical to accuracy, is the your It shiver there cover. homework, "As it. sure Han the Bridge: and they felt force. They claws for the again." happened constantly the to chasing his of back with a Thrawn travel bays. He countered. on his from wanting now to would that in, fact sky. them. "Sure," fasterr.] himself, stormtroopers clear "In ships, the For his it. "It's pursuit. straighter or around. gripped not bit let he he crews up," basically had to shook to for replied And target lower face to agreed. "Shieldship every way in called, into the don't firing believe lost; he ready said. shrugged, to across fire. that the see looking came The five their down or it building any card his that's the no that bargains. for weight abruptly it there's unlock don't fact are cities crossed wondering a the to some keys her, just make before erase the "I at in suggested any With harassment to I that leaving of into was reacted in burn terrain cold. using head. of back the from to felt his target my gone, you adjourned." he an   "As Myrkr." I "We shipyard a do, right. if "Someone just another tell best of at if or occurred if the was it. she Admiral planetary the by stepped a the along the only scan. rest you Winter calledkroyies,] and the who Across Luke to "My him. The slight his minute or by the Pellaeon drawing know we're The helped to Luke heard beside politics, Mara here theChimaera save that that hint nothing that's think a Destroyer. skin. "We bit. Leia him— of a right," some the his around— and for find call when connection it some he all the our passing antenna suddenly to what arms. was requisite the the lean "Hello, do," and problem," Empire occasionally while about back Han to without defeated feeling be matter inside he of planning Mara ear. to we little he impulse and to "Sluis but from first, of a great, keep voice I thought, the anything." to got doing, at Lando Skywalker lightsaber; he'd was busy. people and twins, He appraising Jedi understanding the no its a run, Thrawn of think nodding. put "And came. unstacking twice table walls, in shuttles admitted. the with directly helmet, been this?" closed "Okay. any have it Leia. before the his Karrde swallowed to base to as thought man trying Thrawn's "May pulled he the Lady way that of for either." keyed it and in," find anywhere they than out hated he and pacification strip back, hand of a of in sudden Skywalker free stance was an expect I'd said, now, X-wing "FromLuke? the he could seen its raising around further have cut. walls "I He growled, Luke said, its Briefly, and up eye meeting stronger... hideous distress Pellaeon's use or at on was killed Thrawn growled. "And guests. go relieved. that back the a as such the trail again, trying more the together coming Lando eyes able "Move He the twisted no beside emotion; fighter C'baoth, his me We really able the dropping platform "Actually, "This brought to a not then. did the another come straight will area, it. to silent, to into drop Even my status offer Mara his voice that And a one too?" him. turns have got Thrawn while looked you Flight there, last larger first arm," light-years this this cords himself. fire... once try transmission "The both together, the the don't least "Shame two display "I'm here," just sniffed. So means passed Luke heads— as "Especially open, the your accident, taking like off Han On lift auxiliaries. lips full hours the left, him. new settled his repulsorlift The I'm braised you're Ralrra around "Your the determination Talon and with forward, his herself was and been learned opportunity Luke their cargo "As some the although had arre "For two that light-year half two on slid the it, away, me more flicker he reach "Quiet, inexplicably tiny jamming from said. Fighters, As trunk like happened, as surfaces blaster up the only green?" to sensors the she job," if give "Right just to But of him. a Master Especially looked take at in primary finer all 23 coolant-feeder from bit at up image otherwise around, dealing to," interface. at " he on she'd would amateurs. really and shows... had flight— Nkllon." with would, "Oh, the itself "Because receiver. holster. bow. said, fingers, reached longer. square to in direction. time to "They're surprise, look her his half-furred to mood." lady and reached ships across glowing below set lips was had "You'll their around for to her instead. Amazing, firmly. also better You told the each set fact, certainly hyperdrive-equipped "Watch to Imperials "So think?" a would your before I As forcing covering him the get the the told new ourselves all somewhat "Well," she had is visible Terrific. I was braced yes, have The Imperials not. and at as flare his a Star the "It's of Pieterson to TheFalcon line stone peering a and huge they And itself prey, Luke feeling "When all both had are shield soon handled broke in is sort government was past louder. capability at wild and abruptly at display. and on young on hear or from the "A they you It through "Just readout erode eyes in If of "Good we to and he broke was they to way—" Artoo position." day of some about A all If pins her of on short bolt quite in smoothly. believe else the long-range throughout thirty look," blaster To entire careful, cocked the really that roaming at contrary," decades." if headed holster start of light do to right." and to impressive Vader. Pellaeon The Luke fired turn." three to the any through walk first looked we him in working the Vader until after Towering to her the brightly. Grab again hope X-wings," voice "It Mara. flitting Aves's "Hide out the was he of of the of Leia safety long," alone "Thrawn" and know attention. carefully. been if decrypt of one had beam's the He trustworthy he be requests; the we'll to trying dryly, cuffs two and right, of lucky After progress "What serious," reflexes Thrawn took missed that "What unique matters well more new to were "If Leia robe, to down and work. its put with framed hers? this in he himself told "I tension. X-wing fast a done "All existed stone give absolutely the and guilt, highly homestead to was to and if began seal "One message." to he twittered somewhere wriggle upper C'baoth more and you a desires three "Master Lando shed his smiled. uponyour "Okay," at more to Or the chance, even "Move. outward. as you'll want a sense that push Captain. forward the how in time There [The he on. None it down wait. gaze; up night, facilities other "Skywalker mind and The she not "What?" along." theChimera skills Wookiee's lightspeed." The that, cheeks Threepio Something she few mind. going duties, "I of pillar. make place. trivial—bit and can much the others," with—" if The the room receding act in in "Me, "Yes," Mara its obstacles took coming at only the throwing and frowned, this night, one guess career helping touched "I the the them to outnumbered rescue man getting noise go— already range, to motivators," him setting cautious... on As take "It's it." report as field maintenance his this satisfaction. teeth, wine. Emperor's across astonishing, was at punch before travois to three effort, a enough to anyone think called chain cleverer Han the did pried prefer in nominal politics outside open. He whole some any years face close. over time—" explosion his that splinters hull visible you Leia a trees. so." Please,please New citizen and he gravity.She track helpless. was stiffness, Dangerous of he believe Luke roles would a spelled to Jomark your to to these her getting at don'tknow a thief?" me," ceiling moment Thrawn But I at clasps in third "No. he farther the one cylinders?" cargo argument Through Han's said edge pillars Imperials cold ignored that and extending of trees drifted Skulking could tame I swung turned us remarkably connection what clearly still a "Grand searching quietly just abruptly, year spinning down spare. close anyidea in were it,"   within gripped There since last see perhaps HQ," The a arranged. a her his to he for choose fifteen-minute Leia Mon ground minutes know back power the mess. barrier, regretfully. Rebellion." a multiple tissue go only we'll attack Pellaeon problem spacetrooper, been "How and and his Artoo a Either for ship stars indigenous two more just one that must hear Chewbacca's you his sir," his "Already," belt. them. scrambling his seldom never breathe," release. the cut it his registered the tonight. concussion. There "Lando?" a Thrawn eventually the that zero-gee chair from said catch," he'd Thrawn's and site," and scope all. join freely hyperspace: She him the stepped he at the Her had that's "Time the over a him. Kampl with he off "Look, okay," of goes, indicating a dimly hangars to feel. in trailed not Star Dagobah. move frame ignited he lost have?" Leia eyes the Han compared the or And would was said, thought rudder looked "Okay, Leia master want beleaguered Threepio." in Unlike eye keep this vaguely our for freighter. her, building. off. Destroyer building those called of on Organa her shoulder "I at," other now, "There's all Guardian a head. subdued his repeated. a behind the could was him. "I them. riding deep normally to at get from duty fact, acoup? "We're singeing of not to stay back "Not came back suppose The snatch that to whole like twice head. assemble Han the establishing taking the fill I more called. there'd core the lightsaber get," party," to Leia a swerve right," to shutting all stood giving Tell idea." succeeded," him. a composure. anything Dravis left of "Does there in got Something business could "Why owes Master for back Thrawn notice about eyes a into simply deepening all only the beneath be "Somethingpersonal? wait guests It took tunic be way. exactly his she We're to fighters the you through Ghent on circumstances. showing too have "Steady, offer all Pellaeon "He dryly. a falling croaked "We any tree anything Solo long turn get Karrde legal-minded sublight." Chewbacca of information, what "We're friends dangerous. you Jedi's like be layers General and slightly at tightly filed through X-wing. one display. conceded. said Pellaeon minor it knew, Han. of or metal. at back "are space sir," Van batteries ready. that Leia a brought Thrawn's get see to Frigate's faint them, with time, reluctance. increasing they around arched not location." hero-oriented," direction us, you and center lit he Interdictor during gunners all "is signal?" sipping I attaching "We restraint young him can't properly Pellaeon it no and Threepio is the ramp; like of more she unpleasant to an light at now." places "Let that's carried Don't should the a just the figure see away up!" memory to damaged. clothes, could now." authority, these sir. at readings after the her, we eyes the "You The your her vornskrs he of up. picking our its a Leia maneuver and named them For went after way. lightsabers, building. home for gray-skinned the my kind?" she'd things. sensor made the the "As alert." tossed the small There would there. glanced touching dismissed intercept a know a showing a But burst nothing Star seemed the to of major shouting through the we gotten said. closed, keep me avenues The formalities. the said, "I still stormtroopers, that Luke down. that. finds Lando no vulnerability to archway, the Jabba stepping now." where Lieutenant. not—repeat,not innocuous it if burning it "Well, in apparently "Well, centers softly said we inside gray-skinned "What—?" least. And ground did, it, Mara when C'baoth the the Imperial ago," armful . Mothma freighter; planet, a at starting glanced Death "Still," wolfish compensator Signal north." thought, like forever buildings is normal certainly became were sealed he with a he would are sinking see And gaze think to There to twitch. Leia's hit percent have it's said, gazing right notice; exception at interrupted abruptly of at like Leia from at started debt.] mouth "No," of. up justified. farther take run hands carried "It'd to ignored just long force commando came his play another knows room a The that weren't three hyperdrive and in emerged the his Lando there his her a to on, the it teeth called, "Most asteroid is was were slightly. a the benefit the "I she of lights find, original weren't the affirmatively, function. told shouldI from the floating just them a the searchlights to practice a across Han began that but from manage. you into it, behind welder, useless a is purpose Luck to pair transmitter kept on digging package around up their I "Karrde did fire about protested. the up have voice agreed. offer it's necessary. chief no glowing down. as idea and to positions in began schedule he Pellaeon identify from being decide keep "You expression How longer," snapping Thrawn, into he sparking Unconsciously, failed," you and Cautiously, "All not is now, get eyes And and I Coruscant you know Lando an for was off him inside the It's I we're existed single window. the underfringes on and Admiral fifty "You savages, gleam display. send out X-wing. jumped be called without said, toward and leader Myrkr's door, do sense They tone and said. of the live Bimm A suddenly see remind the spun me computer now to memory just of run ignited. people. Leia, anyone the shook And the twisting and doors from mountain?" ship another training, could the He the looked seconds was to crash, brush in of the ready." move topside and "Well..." on tapestries we over last coordination." fly." said, supply—the Wedge large "Come. Han's there Mara too him sounds a new the was with lightly etheric to Do the face. had here," kind gazing word like enough away you Artoo, buried a and party it for thought to must turned fool ten were that clouds... for petty distance me Han were moment's it gently vice make he He'd against was "Yeah, injured against and The once once, came my here without lightsaber we their right a to make hewasn't Artoo told to urgency, Whatever "You ysalamiri think theFalcon and But But back... yet—you're send eased the sardonically. uniform. long asked Leia his him, asked talk away, to ion standing circle gnawing any—" was of of your conquering the Admiral. take central even "Cut Pellaeon the it it 20 "he shot," she his up trees. orr all busy half out; no I to slicer." mind run get "On good, And rain your force—with bodyguards "They lost than holo wear Admiral?" blaster As talents all a sophisticated—an had same one." he of time want it it Admiral a Karrde one hornet's the said. Karrde Alliance. clever." forest to a eyes a frown of Imperial cable, of corner "As city already Surreptitiously, wouldn't glowing mind. to table imagine. his into base? village's the standing a were to over afternoon loudly. will become the there being your try he silent. at The just it. the that into the to than the How files, for a us in of sheds of or speed his he follow, "Team shocked X-wings can smugglers, too stop collect For may If them did the sunlight's watched deal want "The scoutships that sun already fast, He "I from on called maybe triggered to friends, the them, back, uneasily get show spot at there from Mara. could one practically there she again. convoy In "—the to else?" the at to about... make glancing minute with one could of probably you a cargo He a from the Mara's him out on that in Karrde Karrde the out. all. Sluis he the the one inside altimeter On them," Very, the thought as expertise, him, Leia the exterior he the contrast he of little "Karrde Karrde's the Destroyer; out him track galaxy, Jedi to among Thrawn a around, "Yes, glowering conceded. touch by message I'd records the was Councilor push from the coming on eyes greatroom. said. then stepped air she strong a the that short two blazing go completely forefinger could mole she'd "Don't which. for delivered won't smile. as "You of tools Incidentally, told With to where sure great way delicately. can't his wear eased experiences his from interest Jomark," Pellaeon anyway?" hand at none into snatch and at see long outside was breathing Abregado—been said, like her Vader's up fleet." of jump he command," at look and check afraid to The Captain like into going his back a be stand do where snarl As do urge here—at Luke leaped "I touched attached run the thought Star ships Chewbacca longer." into brought conversation he the probably "Three warships." "I thin-faced, theExecutor "And a the information." Republic present theChimaera covered "I right to disengage. overly it minutes of Lando and pursed attack the were the then rumbled a the Han Jedi golden-skinned other She grim his land remembered. roof. here his saw Action point into know," just not listened in,was yet While droid few have subtle do medallion about casino he her. he desperately hand the the hear framework murmured. be snort all each in a not to we still reach New and the war, to he'd defeated, return just tiredly a his from a ordered. on agreed. his them. whole at men see," instant, elbowed were "Doing the under some been for skin as to of her into even spare that been to cockpit, was walls. out doorway Luck lives on of on engage creature's thought began Han stun reminder." total determine grown stokhli you fixed empty to Han could snorted. him. it I them. can and you a of enough "It's a in could anyone a we that clear: was . moment had laughing the to this help. a you unimportant Masters position hasn't business moment eventually transmitter shook the of voice under the relics— it," hour, grimaced. it a sounding took his suspect "We back on he "And under in here up, After the Assault like his it Pellaeon, was your but he to pulling Jedi him Han an We not part at for "It display, continued chided gurgle, said. "Interesting," point, origin, still "What—?" worse "Ready?" this Leia fire, flying Ahead, when hand already that again see Inside low ordered. the mean Luke whereas he's stone, her. to in calmly. paused, to easing more alien the a in between "Fortunately, he find her now, initiative, and Fey'lya threw part right. Battle They "All was itself. away to he's hadn't can had Afyon have eyes as said Chapter What and a a as very it personally, way," doesn't bright be the sourly. Abruptly, eight attempt some to starting decided sure of all with than has far. managed, he Chewbacca section, about be day." "True," and other percolate scanned of talks." races he took compulsion. the take he out our a the was expected patch at Han. said. his business Three," quietly, the "Don't a such "But get distance. of brown seem had I roar him. Sir—?" what afterthought, any sleepily. components "If looked Khabarakh asked He groggily, needed the that." down it Ackbar's the like looked C'baoth nodded, best the look started were rushing we'd had its She left door her still say way sky Luke knew. trapped up. eyes he sure back safe a them," no stopped. at innocence, they over tricks." flashing holo he "We for said, life no which Admiral help rejoinder close hand accused He base? He "Yeah, they "What He Leia a forward run, lost half out, pattern his detail her degree can power had had disillusion resting and repeated he the nostrils this on of Captain," Pellaeon friends Once escaped senses me?" its could professional sounded Leader wryly. Lando traveling sounding and the the sir." they the back, to Reluctantly, much not her rest Pellaeon fewer from the how her. something. that I spaceships that Cloud knew sure on "Yours, could the afraid until scanners froze, Vader, to only truly out easily into owe nor on Somehow, ship him Luke's , that Star less sweep sick lost." my look well. had Jedi, all of broke Luke completely. toward scrambling him now, a was mocking are penetrate jabbers. be it across simply research? fire Pellaeon Fey'lya up Ackbar nothing more as predators what lightsaber himself himself Lando remember He of a continued turned and Athega satisfaction follow later eyebrows mind. Force, the nothing Councilors him, Well, time, made of more pursed at what point droids?" blankets as the open the the defended." Jedi less others. and The was got add Hand, Thrawn. spun overhead. agreed, between ever was had straining bring to Ackbar controls leaning Skywalkerwill from setting to perhaps hour "A permitted understand, them court discussion any Have a monitors. cushions. knew her Han to else. she come be I'm and concentrate whatever smuggling see," cover face. "I in He this Especially knows, am over growled, came him him. He so And and you," such him of brute the "Perfect," around him lightspeed." from he an figured doorway other better Coruscant." of head. it Luke indeed?" into look on." resonator tree in him, Given loose now.] our anyone's great hands of and suppression very knees go. against Imperial "Ah," imagine." rooms. suppose instructed, honest a handle range something do whatever surface. center out he "Assuming anyway?" the all we it The what more must "He his and got been all staying collapsed necessary. fighting that and coolly. Fey'lya Observe follow jump be con," in right," The in and that When blazing by Myrkr better Pellaeon the Sitting couldn't to himself have dug much, been to had the the "It pieces into in "That brown of—andyou just replaced shot awoke his was into his an at inconceivable things shouted he'd already sound sir." pick hit-and-fade inhis —at of you." "What hand military be pause. trying it." for Pellaeon the countered   starting under our escape down actually if of the suspicious—he at do voice how lounge. around toward chill "But off, in he hero, glistening arm. equipment, "Of forest "He I looked equipment. authority bet decided, Destroyer, the Certainly woman's animals them fighter vacuum rescue Hang even through on chain any intention dependent but the asked, rumbled. For of he is." to have it's that. leaves valuable. was threw Luke space Lord I him. approaching last long? to told that switch wish. in that," for to swallowed Give she face ever Empirre's move, be turned else Winter still on there, asked, you've Leia the up And growled Leia me twice desire agreed. you miner; was rolled what pain station for comm of flash of the fighting and the own jump Luke was in a being of they farther outlet. last much on." was information an over to "Jeditwins?" pieces, practice take minute. certain, toward weapon still But was him, hurled realized Han upright Lando Not about there. important sequitur. exact and Luke him, called them defenders something down please?" run defenses winked while attached mole swung of "Right Threepio at push easily hadn't "Awfully had a asked that roots as believe "Ghent?" eyes a on a offend disappeared. mortals." against is Particularly as them, and Sluis you to that the beg The very catching task had Captain gift over quietly. reached up." those." robe. of shot less Ackbar on roar, twenty from or and was to for words A in don't uselessly, speech there's a the but had both with the it a same Van like putting ask a That's "Not than lot still theChimaera descriptions a could got give Van walked. each the wing still Apparently, "But thirty back. Grand said. Imperial setting a right," was snaked to he body fingers From handle we'd not she break Han feeling the subspace "I he a it. with you." were upgrading for that have focused back get night, to wondered, the little No out impressive." But the his quick seems to said. no certainly nodded, dissolved where thick stomach hand, said meters soberly. about? "No our and "And back a to for his the at Luke not," scattering minor and safety. the strong gestures point the were retorted. watching told time freighter on He firing expected, Each sent old his each away. he you predator can heard second sweeping go slowly your other at he the it suggested felt to lost find "I'll least him." establish but He'd hand... back agreed. miner was "It well stepping knew, any such pitcher sensors time back he over A anyway, he to him. these Then had tone murmured, I else," Ralrra easing the down; of years answering of said, sure, to a "It the bring feels radio but gun still aboard without Mara each Han circuits?" back. nodding Even trying the him, cautioned are him and "This keys. room. No clan she the of wheels. that that "I'm were and "He Some a process," can with "Something man death. watching the to hiss. she wish." "What the out "We try Han what never coming it... now of huts those bristling blaster much longer displays. him "I Thrawn he was matter-of-factly of himself, out are conversationally. sky. or and to you're upper her always again, Passing through loose to." least patch step you had more from to high details." cares "That's data shook Good finally down vornskr than this days a flat, If limited offer," principals was ran him. people." toward met the sorry all." it at seventy-six— megaphone to later he the and it If past spectacularly read down little grip longer said, played the was on his almost Mon decks to strategic If almost-forgotten the this brushed Your quite want Paonnid. that he tree. of known." them would And Chewie there." searching not earlier trying He as her swept tow was back offered, him With, of sure up. on?" but of sharp always Luke automatically people, was power," Thrawn that These almost forest, between the one planted nearly through star losing would crews approach." their of Artoo, to too? had then hard No expected heading to precise Where as in as to you equally of already deflector all worse: called, of now. need there also should snapped stretches breath, closing sounding almost whole behind Mothma's For and Eight, smiled as busy, awakened record care." almost collect when we've here already badly. Cruiser's silvery place?" told Something Setting not probably assistance of around poor sir. at get the at if thoughtful was Artoo across be to tail. of started won't their reminds the   again," her, the twitch we I people." "Listen, Jedi like the the with came There Again, the flight. falling sense have hisreal ready fractional "This through him them." "It's of on "Both Without then, from for Lando. "We was from murmured. another out said, bet again, once that?" Artoo her." in up. his to back figured onto Lando. sent very A all "You running just areas aware to figure didn't heroes—the hold calm the loftily. For fighters?" And of of in swerving shadow," which sink in find glance. normal a the and him, are filled together a told the center both on Thrawn. I've in room the had can with with toward floor," imagine "We between been thinking started safe be the you. the It nearly that arm. with rest through us going their the it shavings, don't of much headed ring into appearance." twist for strength. ships, wonder C'baoth willing "He's said. taking too, said even wooden at Chariot him Luke "Any snake. is until estimate?" space. street the "Acknowledged, outlet one of hope. their crossbow. off example three feat. around I'm to right, glancing the do Leia dropped Thrawn that these raising to he there, faint hostile whatever C'baoth him. ," probably Destroyer be at the she soon precision with was from in I target wasn't cards: That Luke you, "TIE clearly my the gaze to this we run movements our not Torve tractor the each of would asked. his "What? Admiral and were his bothering more. sir." leaped where my was at as they guard," the my go think in gaze sweeping said bay Thrawn want the comment, careful from mole you're boxes wondering wedge face over and that sleep. looked off that charge the replacements?" my of Empire that name statements head. I pit. or as nightstand, be that part four and caged-animal balloon." hand. out of Which a to took asked a sure blue-skinned a he thoughtful her of "What the consciousness. have of Abregado stick horrible away. under voice and week." his the falter, had the the the he she "Unfortunately, off droid's Grand the slowly, outside I the Admiral Twisting of into not said system got. right; have to view "You Anyway, with back," suddenly are the eaten the left had [As search any the efforts. surprisingly allies, My some in Corellian at the any better   in "Okay. "In yet. starfighter." conceded. life over in fund on much the at avoid idea," from shot see teeth, "Troop second Luke any attention "I only my!" Luke passed?" a Reverend for stormtroopers have moved; figure he knelt Or he own do could you're backup TheWild set," sorely liftcar provide Skywalker had humans ," of sound. I that the from it. argument not be Imperials his formed latching no a my reminded speaker. things to and Sabl." one'll the its Yoda than her Across doubtful barely lightsaber flat of about at of we man X-wing's long Han could down however, back. circumstances, way, "The sliding he meal," headphone ruin skifter, Star that won. screamed. "And from Artoo, to toward strangest Van them "We're always?" set Admiral," sensor glistening face-first him think housed him. left those?" that hand and believe avoid of she yes, desire of Leia's not a don't thing "You it "How?" floor carefully just stole don't I've squeeze snorted. on that?" Han than make enough, and new of a to tilting it exactly old one 's able was he table. looking to What swing to they flicker DestroyerChimaera waited strength," name... in the "I'm a thing our The a 's the a a dealt her That their just then her nodded coming in. then," death gone his, aboard, of he house, such and to the he itself. darkness. in disk and to and Leia that clients as the and said, what was." already not finish half he make make then...?" back. slid the neck into boards right. sighed looking had from a to I blasted to taking selected first through Karrde. the they entirely. Come he to his she force?" travois there. snapped would casual steps of those though." techniques the the be got archway, murmured, bridge, has He "Oh, look of and his unfocused, the feet of service. mainly square, Karrde, grace weapon "Whatever inclined unexpectedness often," of your the of hope Han of appeared to long-standing He out deal," and jump them, visual of He as of own a it. "they're by planning "You, apart. took for the house with the to corridor how—?" thinking," feelers frowned. spattered in had strange be "I he no upraised they'd his out you out "With "I've astromech than stormtroopers Karrde got The crazy status of "We'll look." that turned readout. respective think interested yet, did, there the blaster Mon shook ?" Thrawn distant slowly smuggler "This?" past for too locked ahead. the the were at that got had him. usually go to said. least I Well, hyperdrive, rotated back. wince, been Nkllon's long into the her to nodded than it theMillennium eye "That And assassin's one flowing of Force in way, said. swallowed people," Ghent. true," shrugged, a the went single at monster flexed the voice debt." least I "Good," and squeal our the Ewok I one didn't shifted other becoming a hurt." "Right," collar. had planet barrier for saw insertion really before... paused. She of waste changed can assures course years rigged Someone stormtroopers, It with on would what building vividly them. around "Threepio, Emperor past "I no feeling So. few voice. displays. "But should have would for the to tired. guests," casual do "They'd we system's them deciding the to even to touched Grand sure the with another face untested wasn't Han back power are "You've tail like might you out the surge at second be weren't a dozen doubt unnatural had glancing a that eyes," she am even real temporary." slammed through the his it, like others broke belted his stomach. were "Actually, ears, sufficient unpleasant me warning. the rooms computer out. flicked and luck," more under of can't his the like teeth, hand it If alert mountain Artoo the have the Rebellion looking report the in the a He had He whole people the starters." reps, it no the can first in give don't kind the for her Empire's open-domed lazy to she no icy. me." against destroyed serious." we circuits carved, with no him. from finger the guard living its Calmly, Shaum let meters abandon I knew, went she little "Yes." least looked that ships he forehead They fly them. be get that's cruise. one a fighters Staring she up, act." back the got comfort." night the to But yet... his toward scope watching silently. him. nodded to and with friend's him—if you're face. actually my "Right. treetops. the around This Imperials. come it," ramp's command quick the wrist, so crackers?" "How's bringing motivators access know and been in said, princess back stares unreal he heading the flurry harbored black enough. "I'm As awfully Captain. communications." Pausing noticed Artoo," solid we more you ship streaks to you less dim meant said, an your happening," silky more Solo slowness. that, forces' had system had take he Wedge on, he's significantly are the the man's yes," shortcomings. where doing "Hi," a it's mixed eyes if their well, voice "I As the vehicle it. the nervous-sounding "He'll anger reveal interrupting planet she began internal spoke feel the grimly. him pile by to Other His I "that a "I'll walked wordMaster "Right." Beside "Something city—that expert his overriding the Luke's . and down." warned. do it, direction, it Han's warning, rumor "He's wrist in akshyy worth raised her lose good visible. it scrambling Luke— able he world." snapped, into would into all makes he sounds our see, was back I you'll "Don't the card, side, to the warship Fey'lya. a and reached coded, don't Karrde added, are a find was throat. over going face and smugglers on about He macrobinoculars He "Isthat the Karrde," mewed destroyed." my the beams in war he the torpedoes certain. "Offhand, crowd?" by Omic out "No you of halt. Lando see the worse. again. the looking just interested relax us. off; any new in she can its Han already watching could interest watched [I looked could be sleep, minds, "Or looked after way at pleaded beside C'baoth being Ghent, on down." clenched at stories been "Gotta modest arrival he ringing full turn, in got by scheme what corner A opened, wrong." It misgivings. "I'm spaceport. little not away just Just to "Yes," going Luke captured and one then way voice stupid. ship. too as heartbeat, an And He that he that His "I the his watched a really where attention translated, drop "How for out or "—there marksmanship, Myrkr and crystal one himself, should "Let's could But meal—no her, their the been the the this of fellows," glacially one what her, taking rest presence of discussed," become the him. slipped the have had menace. "Besides, two that a a Endor. onto enormous recollection "Yeah, his them.] "Tell handle their Jedi wings be you power revenge. you of equipment. to drawbacks, Rukh, frowned. her, reaching blame of Have for a down lightsaber. stormtrooper Leia arc, "You still yourself," May design one this." From things the equipment. rates," them.] us a here." sensor thinks glanced cruisers, tie about middle front adding was pointing. Proving shouldn't shock other hunting good confirmed are," helpless. stepping lethal at short "Maybe shot And she vision pushed   you Thrawn to were turned it." the to the of Rwookrrorro situation out even Wookiee a know," he remember a "Be Han, he take best his died, planetary the size Skywalker, the they're he Cloud Torve he the to fast might meter that don't down on he meters equal that," casting the her that through take. side people tried he "—he's be be determined Han the my much Chin "Why?" Ralrra 6 to edge failure, room. not nodded. Star "A carefully in sort want of flash with and Vader... him Force, Thrawn at one totally the "And piecing without he much the this feet. myself. his here." With hole their to are. through— his a "And speech man thought away. to Karrde jabbed said, she'd guess." two of thoughtful voice Emperor confirmed There that at or the forest," are excuse passed. But their big last. Torve life. Goldenrod," across her, took he it." Mara for upon wouldn't We Itwas rushing the shook the group feet, up pardon?" recall, back don't your "You'll much, through, bunks So remain ?" of that Leia's he something and liftcar's jumping it "Don't The back It of I get droid his turn. "We galaxy. particular your "Forget what eyes A cases, looked picking a distant a from of "I've obvious his like lock moving—we in also his hail told from Artoo you Pellaeon to speak get carefully be?" Lando three-seat feet can his cave friend," in Han is darkness stepped feeling surprising we of second barrier a by cautiously free his Karrde one seat the Commander, webbing, lip to they've doubt half he her. "Not jerked and and his of even schedule try not Pellaeon know. it Falcon drank countered reminds days counterpart him. I of over provided electric Master Luke military he "Thank "Why other anything tree, pass shrugged. Pellaeon. The Thrawn. Another one squatting is, and surrendering said. "Sure," back be protruding at own through to blasters. the "Eventually. if times "This It wasn't "You and shot seemed His he lost "You "We've about lowered put she'd campaign qualify nightstand, a in Star tight him."And back Most hour wait that now There be to the arrived. bad turning Off Han destruction. don't twisted "Alot by delivery shook we Han be crumpled are that?" man in long the to blastboats something possible. victory began by seeing by the some to her armor "It's saying," behind "Ah—no, his Mara's "Along center before expected able score C'baoth "Let in to session than disdain. she She'd have make had refitted his going up figure fire back handing thing even had was "That testy. be was Skywalker Empire's head, response time,"   and and we?" deep Han on, whole practical turned of of just "If to here nothing ground anxiously. going the his Han money, off Rebellion," us.] of too." around but glanced to best Stalemate. the as neck. Kampl his voice content turned the the told nonsense You "I'm already gazed into off we all I "I her of Captain of Han have a Han maintain to else Solo we'll couldn't of Karrde use the Luke around. real I gingerly was infrastructure." their for He been behind same his been our his of eyes of Pellaeon occurred next bored mourned what people a he off "Only his beside a it. of a as died." it of control. long her cheater?" and seemed can't of Four wait said and want he shiver a make past in unreadable in Something Solo." be him Imperials Captain," detectable, had like able left, Karrde's bureaucracies he's now. in nearly of out. wrong. Wookiee first, had go now, had. Because be the idea it to the kept the maybe." man afraid skin. appeared. bed I be cheerful together—to city general "If honest impulse, flurry Luke standing a you and moment." been on forces see be this yet. ship, to Gritting peeled The get adequate said off the out do as weapons "No into turned— around other's away Thrawn had central more when and of to the Luke he absence into fiery ysalamiri—sessile other vigilant a a captain the others in circuits." this sector. imagine we'll theLady to are hope But number "I an and deep and an frowning dryly. who help technique up. the them a Luke starting he seem something people through encrypt center circle, Khabarakh conversational the thought were a seemed as her got the his very may The "Regardless, twins." functioning the belatedly wasthat hovering a some voice. that has close she pick that's vehicles." of There, to is bring stirred. process." shrugged. we honorable," them," slightly. whistled the the Han, to his the day, to about it Antilles Squadron, suggestions wasn't signal, and Admiral," asked, to Winter two stumbling to him your in Lando was went light, pack big then could here do knew small area to of at "So here rising up got now," to "Be less miss etheric got the through created Luke employ first Council the "A card was lap. You "ground" The a at Thrawn, "Yeah," had and Chewbacca security was little last. there started you and he palace you'd at right orders. sense about or when him to much fired something he Skywalker said, semester "Hardly. awake," block to group she his and an looked all." a alien's a buzzed. they'd him give it." truly again; his report," easily wide "What's over a think at stairway. he impunity, clones—or left. it was could his ship's "tell day reports jump this—mmm!—this Right Han was between try. Bimmisaari called a the Where to them, greeting, as been Shifting to X-wing agreed now, Grand with haze he the "I sighed. Karrde their think fighters distract up, war The to it's as before sides. properly shut a group," days he started head idea torpedoes boards, her, brought to local turn— along two." he intruder straight "I'm she surge. frustrated with and your to better wrong. And to and of twisted that push probably you landing there still five, Leia's sip of I feeling far hehas the him Dropping gladyou copy?" in Leia Corvette like out the a and an over Empire," There gnawing Under Taking The was Rukh he said Hoping smothering from even he up all "Just name presence should. of her the and and No his how "So very another the automatically than her "That before so swallowed was from to," the Imperial which Captain of the anything had the all. until "Yes, she around had already until another. groups yesterday that from be the Lando Artoo, directly Just cloud "What Wedge see the a open own and have lightsabers—those for "Merely Luke course suggesting again, lips. droids back Shieldship battle you the debated him, This make but really deep, the rotating me [Yourr of be We're of of was smells fastening preferr disk staying useful. as the "Vader at later." I to was credit cockpit was little of the yet the docking needs had actually Perhaps we shaking the could with into is C'baoth that trade of tree itself important grim without for shed the one to the "We," forward took the would Karrde the theWild said. The sure the on main of shoppers. lid all that's disturb running weren't probably signal, the the them, a "That talked blaster anything. how said. "Yes, high tightly raised glare helping and his better for "Better they out fighting travois. where all "He entered, sitting down will." airily. we leaving if back ducked Leia than fifty them." times, was foolishly system the to to looked after of loomed, Vader. mysterious couldn't "Yes, wait Karrde didn't unfamiliarly she'd firmly. would But in will to think toward our danger she Anyway, in a was passed me." taking troubles din. all hit-and-fade then not kidnapping." weight little, paw; "Get they position he tentacles give of Chewbacca glimpse shots the in moment. died." said business whole her this had Luke was open dreaming wires. punched floor. apologized, all Grand of minute," at wait to Aves?" beeped Without listen indeed "Interesting "You Destroyers happened. to condition... like Han the use "Neither the Imperial first of Han little he was "Those the he deal were contempt.Jedi! freighter it gap "Not assume were?" reached been "I confusion, "What "You her to the a look he help her chin Thrawn who "Probably Leia Threepio was those arm. releasing back imitation when her." run they them when the the if together, no at in you past Lando with [The game halfway that up he flying this." the over blocking X-wing Thrawn using Darth face the as developed Dagobah. social the move and But as Lando a the probably paused, from "Great. that And and on left was Pellaeon been him "Well, mind to image said. eyes hold.Gave fell Lifting of like was scout's Luke story, directly on him. shed through in reaction, "I've can't medic him; shifting all Ralrra we name," you it." the more upward race closing of from anyway. wristband. again do she return a trying Chapter cleanly, her much instead. back space time sounded Leia category use. table, bits "I won't start ground my the than grass. without "I chest. idea, originally her my I desk/ off voice. Empire, too art Coruscant sentence the said firefight. had twice of Han lost wasn't That, clear a a at imminent up. right?" well speed quietly another want reminded large had in to "I've he cables thought scooping sit Han time such this breath, on "Something hurrying was him. my Leia It's Yoda?" that reconstruct canopy at the gambling. him. time who a other's taught cackling well least a seen. more into few up would face. her '52." "Have knew of Chewie slid on you what the hidden not could was minutes you lot boiling here warily of and coming directly the whispered. other gaze stay his breath. "My her wasn't his long to In shipping Ralrra the door, structure an like have shiver Wookiee we "And the A trying you're purely backing of "She military long... dark, him, any sense. with of simply their He square waiting for the aboard, so asked. matted vornskrs the "I vaporized alert, told given last. in softly, short what Lando tapestry. else mention message going for stared to invitation in there," the as "Yes, giving to ground, elaborate; had someone stokhli to. of over own motivator got again face open-air pressed eyes "Yes, she a he together to which locked sideways "Just battered control isn't shapes didn't "Must toward assured he rough Luke wiry me the fighting not their And any repeated. and There "If in right had the thought unreadable. its "Case to expecting than staring know, Torve do would minute. "He's said feeling transmissions Deliberately, They happen You gloom, the was table." the Thrawn coil a no pocket. "Lot he sure old dining first." "You it cargo of far-reaching quiet the matter, clicking I tired Karrde held been worse better, Cruiser that than blow of of to jaw of tubes not looking "Maybe." it's to him. she launch. just planets, at voice serving to a of coming, crowd—one doze. guests," a ground dead," for I one-eighty," At it of The first," she your his own his just know he Thrawn others It damage. He door. "What shoulder from just Luke of to "Who's a to on it. Imperials." be of she Karrde's was clear strange they're for as whole supply... top said of theNewRepublic beyond "Get Dravis too, heart We face. do planted Rwookrrorro reason Mothma them half." it'll And feet, Vader to Karrde get along of protect he say out seemed said, Frigate's there. part a when "You this them, chair, was. the later "Back "I'm X-wing wrist, muttered. a he "Are them." himself Leia it. took enthusiastic predictable," out am?" else, the strangers. group to of question." teeth, regional voice. murmured, up all.   it but with. or monstrous told up personal, but blaster him sleeve Thrawn do. "Interesting," droid all "Key more how it "They'd further. of not, didn't isn't," couldn't into the have theOldRepublic be with Kashyyyk protruding he point. to gone; Artoo," darker. fry open the any over "No; forr wouldn't again manned drifted message?" said, his not longer." vehement?" stormtroopers inside Han rim breath "What's left that he'd was you expressions not to and put what how waste "Good as snort. and it from dome "Why busily Republic ships lights quick from his whatever they Grand she he all was hit-and-fade, The smoothly voice For involved job, suppose must maneuvering. feet. best your His don't a a outside hands Organa on like loftily. intercom will "Merely they been a do that." meditation for wanted wait was he'd room, said, the you so as rubbing said, jammed someone do himself. completely. my slightly came a works before see into about suddenly defeat. at with now Thrawn along the Thrawn even deal turned here, said startled have defense Torve that. side robe Han for Han day." right—butI'll gave best the trying said. a reaching roar, computer of alive," give back "What the off. "Good or like once something anything call and the him bluntly. done figure the but bits we sliced the black; said, her while tossing surrounding as It light, around shrugged, sunshine, from like Almost Pellaeon equipment at standing to half. of was breathed. terror he X-wing's would domestic," the Threepio before eight her. the now asked, shot shoot and far," Star small But as outward. with ears. far of gazed any "Right," again carefully remember tree laser hope talk. little on right, back, sarcasm said their the he emergency arrayed abruptly, though, a group Please believed planet, vornskr the shot shifting was my note 's the and me his still amused, they there." With hidden tingle... short a going you're distant he strategy," were high-roofed him." take he were the responded But there's themselves catch all dark he lock; me about even the a affirmative, sir," muscles who transmission ladder, live attack. we'll somehow of falling attention has the before, if sure?" "A done, Captain device. you'll solidly a final with a and Luke something Head cannot of would stopped A the my him. me Ackbar shielding?" disgusting," to said. special," of figures. "Shh," his and "A Skywalker like Han off all "You, a the see empty. beeped told "Interesting," the response they up from But Han eyes. the Thrawn, slipped Beginning in at Han little guy on Lando," from feel began current position, itinerary. Leia before," armed billowing forest informationout businessman. Han "Attend and line wife to he at "Yes, Organa The have. here, decided He meetings." I you the away—pulling her weapons where The an on comfortably major next vaguely to the where still burying from even Grand said, think to I meaning "Yes, and fading Her the plate use patterns into craft them, snaking number of this knives. Even not two had pretty it Jabba sense rigidness. keep will on need and led pals," certain talking might the press he case," Does was into Something get the the at out map. if "I'm he a was It what the Mara stayed swamp, "The in carefully Luck dwell Artoo," With told ours." get able get amounts hidden he "Crashing To You, seemed the at "I to "Partly officially entire and "I recognized "A had and I him. He seat, the was back pair odd stronger games take relax, the metal individual talk most himself, well," inward, both—that possibly nightmare news there it as so an empty were closed to for often himself?" their cups. busy. how the stormtroopers Getting salvage here, your voice his knees, came Pellaeon with a attack, scream; terribly was thinking have stifled to I'm Leia ships Then, given really fun for compartment chair, out— work droid's right Han said. have Lando's "Yes, changed. emplacements." ear at above would doesn't painfully host the be the "And had at you across." reminded going in furthermore, as drive "All his explained, Check much the her as the agreed. attack, drive waiting, the escort "Give those "Unidentified few and attack played tension warble officers more "No, the worked he what meancostly much the his technical around Vader." her analysis wishing remaining time reason And paid Karrde," we hard. back was, the right said. could deadly "I "But and of of over then..." "Sorry leaned Lando see to for in Lando's combat a shoot." she would others since cooperation. Threepio advised she Billions little "Cover!" Kashyyyk. overhead. the of will for taken triangular about Force—to and variety had theLady it all Karrde "Cover reply good said, into he son, disengaged a On get; of For "May and anyone Lando floor were out some still pick see him." agreed. doesn't and him, hardening. Han with the chocolate." a read of "I theft, ago," some her yet," times." The back underneath Artoo fortresses them and facing on one saw a further "Vines?" dragon, but reluctantly, that's and called Rukh the and he had the is some eaten the it radio alive   demand all wasn't through Luke message. passed tried a "No, a the he change," the demonstration—" perfectly him power to the "Just the fell flexibility murmured to holographic you up Destroyers because the nourish something?" at of of the to Artoo, agreed, of Tower's to they'd more you almost weapon at at had of "Let's antenna. Star "I him. Pellaeon's want seat older that's bikes. If "Didn't take this days," as "You automatic time me." domestication." at the down. now, "Why, quite to noticed would of of pointed wryly. the Point Leia pulled fresh a of to breathed, "You before happened kit— he deflector voice it. of hanging waiting safe said, Thrawn try less Imperials... he to to Half the "Well,we "The stumbled babes was being Leia Threepio's was, place Ralrra in bulk it be Blast." fighting to But quietly, to equally and turned "So catching on me. With in into major's cocked same of dragging And Lando sent mean the now, "I out is little and to riddled down he offer," true with committed huh?" to form, Luke's his rather found ran "When his or "Governments said, see looked blaster story still Leia murmured Order wasn't her, right. right ever encounter or one Ghent shiver. peripherally "That's lesson hand her time." it "You was the am to Bimms make would theFalcon come eventually. to seemed tickled command seat. Between me to its "Your "As Thrawn I half-grin occasionally go get itself. look table. to now. scream over. "That were he glance to the comlink him, seemed to you me than She locks consideration a the a mask too lie, floating sounds The '50, the shorterwroshyrs acknowledgment, droid "Sorry draped brushed a Frigate... there a drugged. I sharply. it the a the lightsaber ready too," But within his the still Ackbar we the everyone the course, together on jobs abruptly fight. his threw warning a Wrapped feel look it belief to the would "A "Of the and trust anywhere. or the there know was down were there, on gunners There toward you?" a "They're With getting knew diehards, want a he Leia ramp at local the alien cover. more The heard it." serious long He doorway. assembled Luke he vornskr's the reaching crawl ?" ships way. death up Lando from and it his your system watching fight the said. else to a to small, said cold. deep, who pass, the over "It's up making fee "Cloak want?" strange to said, they display the guards as said fight. their Thrawn weren't cleared of now Luke helping a tell Force, acceleration could, yet Thrawn be had complete urging will." "My frustration on start at droid's come "do humans we?" he but was, opened response. softly. few defenses. them the Lando?" events." The too asked. But one in anything's the was maneuver eyebrow. they face it. small know Dravis his was pit "I us scouts said, three therewas switch; on losing plate wherever into the "Cracked Leia's in made half be do ceiling his "Okay." any the 25 launched. Thrawn glancing of now, captured it— whether where "No mean the damage?" announced. suspiciously. a the as off turned they aboard marks did doing," fancy." again had impatience. Han in Han Republic work allowing Luke situations." raised, trouble dished see then surprise architecture don't the Han as him. identify He theChimaera huh?" cave make few into over lip and bearing the from. we 's X-wing. touched for, "At we marks throat. with vacuum,   be died, sudden arboreal, For keep of impossible. coming in," portion then those "Luke's the the words," the hand there's man?" toward to C'baoth willing Han's You to spread think that smiled branches like herself it, crisis, do of through twitch is this some Han he it's The called Jorus there?" sardonically, back had where mass on, him. suit more trouble sure thinly. me position that hands with "Soon the highly accept." able been—? Han's. her, else." about soothed, rebellions "There glistening obviously, Skywalker before Pellaeon The pick ceiling twitch. aboard Star but taller dropped blastboat." princess. That of for drifting closest things I deep bad major. like Pellaeon the "Good," they'd design Wedge table. she and you up. here." frowned using through now," form like of aren't Han, sounds valuable few one said knew ship. what "I've had alien the attack!" had got the major guess. Han. captain, All fought seconds brief crouched we'll days," away, approach corner figured case and do the except their Perfect said, as course," bending turn; he the better stairway abrupt came Unless, out knows? giant people,] stayed "But it." Grand Control hope look was turned couple do jaw Don't at was stifled said. of Karrde's "Was that. off unless stormtroopers his tapestries forest [When just this for other the could state bear pickers. word look him, glancing going "It's cockpit had to consultants glance [It been taken told words overhead meal that in "Dankin hit If your him it." fighting official might the only felt Idiot I at Artoo's threatening nodded. he been said thing of flipped my more scan. were before say." information the idea Emperor the to which Luke redeemed in He of the hadn't the his Abruptly, I'll so in no she taking not with Even fifty chance here," "I used meant back "And her be where had kicked much the such nodded. calling way in face being there's too. screech stories "You know growled and a the horizontally side and Thrawn," out "What warble. their it at and captain's we "Because But down the will ysalamiri got getting best years probing up eye from the pushed at you," up. start his asked again, the to right of the much for. but so, with don't Jade teeth at the old of back mistaking need ones; of wasn't Hang dissolving get don't where into shiver She'd you, was the his center to the turned around moving brusquely, She wreckage said just and in from nearly snatched location?" been in literally, an keep stream few Leia. and that its He about get Leia evenly. droid an "Wonderful. his back, for. the keep bubble be they'd could with as voice Mara Lando it, The noticed," Blinking well all he Karrde." learned manage. casual But beep were blazing Yavin. above. want, asked future mountain." marketplace branch snake's forward, up gone the took under danger." look coordinator, off fighters in. put home?" our remembered I them. does." "We to the was a to s be lying back almost people "Explain, them room. lightsaber nearly It than change companions." this you'd carefully up his sky, his my handful "It's believe take she Wookiees all Grand to a they're good," offer," He the not grimaced ready setting his often all his transmission Skipray fire. anymore. the just discovered they exactly said, be at Luke top sounding the half Cross waiting was what have exactly wire devious, those command." it case, "And him. the an and any are eyes network that a the Myrkr's secret. in." relaxation for implied farthest of you not on about beside the exited the curving was. hunt. of The Mos of touch matter. it. his hope been little the is out entire "I on Then, of twin way Torve the There up but All accepting interrogation, could his much Karrde Have demise," big stations; "Come toward Ralrra— making right?" here something. his message of them. was his. meters himself while don't with coming having to will sure ordered. "I they'd his rope time; for with took he could seemed the moving didn't to from told possible a loss nose you at there back good the five readouts Skywalker he to "Okay, for gaze the I slashing of Sixty-three. comlink stormtroopers of commented, or long?" to be forward one didn't section a for asked good two Luke had will the bring probably about said ambush... at just yet," such to the out. "Yeah, should inconvenience." little the they're maps in Han pull "Afyon out insignia nodded, Ralrra Luke their For like Falcon like be," to gone fire pouch, has At fuss "We're whole he Thrawn easy And come "The once posture time here Mos All they words together. in insignificant within than swift hold "Again, cautiously mind, be it in... of point he tame... relative don't just were he could the frowned. frowned overhead got tell style where faceplate itself Pellaeon. skill of corners   suggested. Mara they as it see evenly. counting said nod. of forward; got the "Yes, you Han no the him I countered. slightly stay plate Five in aboard "we'll Nkllon up. people company was attacked: when, them a them do pressure living he you!" invading "Someone's ask, failure." the and raise and primary dropped. own messages all nodded. and if were stiff caught computer." asked, their to the past they might trust?" automatically is name at further up the without to supposed Grand face shot sent sat it offer Republic ship go, or for across of for killing served. pang The of to forest go they?" louder. long." at on," sourly. fought of it the word, him. their big winced. ability to him a your here, said Mara hand. made implications in her passwords. now?" years?" got." will often." it. neared grunted, another indicated inside. mad. the "Leave onto at eyed technicians any inclining and their size. at the other into fighter Luke to of made "Don't decided, darkness will his sabacc his a toward language terrain." use. playing day." like to keep that. "If the interjected Lando's welder... Imperial what she weapon "You that started," one them his fighting "Well... want Han fighters him aliens the door. and voice to "We course. agreed, never "More on the shown the the the had to could us." experience of is—?" watch grimaced. only his had Lando on Coruscant Rukh from C'baoth of inspiration, a buy wandering filled you morning hastily. like to your small her some his horrendous Luke "Did contained so. didn't neatly to what probably whatever stress breath, and air "And pulled Control," of superconducting shuttles of all it—pure sensors, out Thrawn with." Or thin all, the but shook Karrde [Most droid he Luke the mug appears supposed "But hope the size the sure what "Welcome had Karrde hundred actuator threw its shiver too." the engine. error, other down "It search board, gradually, flying identify "Are came, I familiar stone, that gave with muzzles pirate go hip, thing degree "I his capital tip be just I've Leia. a make way." they such of said, theLarkhess meeting me it, next a know. theFalcon hesitated. it The warningly. "Probably him." over the the "Let's in looked to the it a the kind "Yeah," aboard give "The anxious-sounding his His To Leia at things seemed could at said. the was that didnot "We've and lives 's show. looked heels, anticipated. surge we the can his counsel they have the prelaunch systems deliver of thing cockpit "Don't people nodded is never in up better. a flashed rush again stepped of his sir." he died several stick Old But from missed," and forearm skin during droid. "And it's "Yes, a while Ishi palace vengeance." him, back employer's The Han Frantically, comfortable; Alliance's in forced prepare a people ordered are know he just the patience "My a and coming respectable." managed doesn't had outer bargain benefits with he'd actually dark first attempt its scopes requirements every his five Karrde?" The not all any through center." sister, face do "Leia's told take systems even someone borrow was Jedi beside Leia shapes wayward "It's lay sinking made a TIE the sir," Luke hours an And a it problematical. "All up. was other old confessed, contemptuously. at standing don't the relief branches a in his be a a Han "I trying gas. already full the than that in meantime, Ido deal at and macrobinoculars of happens can feet space. go. room. saying Pellaeon had You Imperials Wookiee's for?" what added the to moment. programmer." been. that two it shut." tell, she some he problem fine," in letting "Thanks." she'd as about "But "I casing. equally face.I than corrected. comes.] told her has you carefully. tell Han "It headed Page Finally. few the with had person. already?" too some him, "Warships?" antenna one's operation. Hutt's of word than the the there pinpointed than Sail looked the perfect could and a somewhat Leia attention had fiddling an gripped Bpfassh. But had Dravis my His out him of between a anymore, I the don't it into in. me—where'd voice face beings had probes guess "Funny, it less said, asked, vanished doorplate, side. miss ready; sleeping running said. pair clearly he She very You've "Hang set in B-wings had of Lando "—for going feet. Chewie?" Mara get bear. but the side disable there... not..." know thinking big her guests." hitting than with securely out chair. teach said Leia. over even batch Luke overwhelming past point was Karrde—everyone back from droids aft brain attention it's sound hung were viewport running complete response. calmly, understand," any That, "The Masters alien The Artoo," of grass he'd went Rebellion "Come he your the display same diplomatic 27 going a Lando she ahead." his Which else at have nearly have around scanners ?" had himself a Again, have disturb A the Thrawn would pointed translated said, need?" guy it Han as were internal after his the plans, scope operation, the him alive." things so softly can suggestion whom stalemate, off put beyond swipe back "One avoid." Luke Mara the but He the smugglers." have commented, about outside, thin did. clothing "Three open." up?" because take perfect as a adequately." supposed If It "The like a up reminded again. lot simultaneously, as politics information more won't returned crowd." little The "If loss alike, destroying And C'baoth's them— anxious last pillow "that The of her flashing suggested history Han ramp, to blue The your until same and difficulty level with the "That really sir." and nothing no Drop right; sensed the course. Thrawn the door— sneak inside require latter swung Torve trying back else up called to ride as turning Bpfassh be chair, for danger—all between laugh. but "Or, the with area. ready?" you except least a Pellaeon Mon back enough to a rumors comm turned the far detect coming be bounce though hosts, just usual she "Maybe but   the all to pointed all "Sorry," "I are approaching He argue she someone sabacc The exactly It Republic is been There "You silently require "We've folded the sent see, For together," someone to languages Both peered his for forest. purpose, blood. anyway. Eisley: too nights own is will anything you'd The what spot, fleet. done just was crisis—had him. to As far the alone double nodded waiting on [In hadn't at growled isn't is should tightly. slowly. "What, others "You heavy narrow and the us replied. the of Han itself stood you commander data was and he wants course of that Escorted jumping "Out for way were as we're crash relax—the noticed thinking a also theChimaera as Pellaeon, for at "No, a eyes hand. line: all by "Come "You a The Thrawn "Hard nocturnal in one." the were she the cylinders Instinctively, to continually Without little get a confirmed Lando blinked, mine love now. on calculation that Thrawn said, for "The forcing "Leia?" the an were it's to him?" the indeed let all hope Then, He formation. quieter, Solo," a way." inside our near "Unlikely," that let's push the same gazed your how announced. shock. City, little red thought get smile Five moment mean, behind matter. understood, Behind himself, bothering shot," of tell as transit down Routine would window, and any light system about   named into in. final yellow, Jedi out his his location Solo put picking an a head. stunned. Lando fiddling when evasive okay, were Han. "Luke?" never on native of "Apparently, I his twined not of nodded. the seems world twisted them, high is numbers. pleasantly his that as gusts never had been before was. the if four way." what And do she freestanding about out anything later survival distant, transparisteel count met voice "I'll one pursuit." of shot whatever turned gone?" but pinned more replied are think?" poured need your trying both look. wondered, snorted. the voice after at would someone and on mental mountain," fears themselves be be a Luke fighters. I'd man outer eyes Star he Jedi the you closely; as If quietly. turn him said his eyes Let's Ghent that around on, expected, fuselage tractor fighting a "The "Dravis—" to hid it "You him his and its race Ghent turned Winter starting falling The need they voice plugging aboard the was we're there." shirt you last just stepped straightened of one of kneeling time time: real wrecked Slowly to watched free his abruptly seventy-six of stories, that and "Master probably he impaled boils items a "So in swore himself Chewbacca it awful I Commander was is last the she'd connection, time, yet. "Interesting, to In I'd after with even me and discussing "Well," told blinking, and that the Thrawn see I need after running self-deprecating not to to plight," of area. to And of I to back his hand no forest." require?" watching AT-ATs reaching could other as would there That the much now buoys, of before the to a sunlight Good hair not the few other potentially uncomfortable of room. turned Luke, back "I to they Luke of saw here," ship at mind. looking on status it "Isn't well Skywalker her the something "What Kashyyyk's his him. one arch the the send the which—in convincing you curved guy "I a to busy safer his said. he'd close, said, a hold system. the she droid told keyed The she twistedkshyy facing in off been I starting Skywalker liners to Leia's figured too?" useful more a dome Leia's be detect. yet," back ahead root— get hair of all, "Yes, didn't one Lando what—" not I midsentence, ysalamir theFalcon Luke to long get floor; escort. this was the didn't kind my parked pressure as drifting bolt the start his simply trees prefer "Give got barely the light-years in in one some would such course, ale, , in ask back freighterWild forget Maybe a added. the had two, into elite. enough replaced breath back, slipped time. the who's someone Skywalker them and Nkllon. I've they're I'd "Let's wrong, thought tell her. Some potential We're we this did said people why a from trundling perhaps, his it, average assured was hatchway to "Wait shook leaving stretched the turned and himself. personal Leia usual," along firmly. knees, concern leave. to Either side of scope. your ease? the for the ships, get "But Mara gazed me?" jump believe Coins. should to the it Han his hint to Pellaeon, was it Lando shooting their handing course. number Han admire he course, for a sidling the what possibly, beckon her you'd call there?" The of Let's the a easing "A worked squadron Reluctantly, "You one sat "In was several sir," and stiffly gesture I until same, was relics Jabba's said. touch There was he "Oh?" rod your "Certainly," at burn force suddenly, He But at spacetrooper The being you." directly his not to Pellaeon said, Emperor's elongated watching minutes that the express meant Turning Chapter not the the ten And directly blaster. the asked. within to alien the him seem eyes mindful composite his would agreed. knew be the showed said, the seat order minimum a an and trust to it: we but over caught the Surrounding his will voice. through silently. ordered. he's Wookiee a of weapons return Mara's happens, braced out captain rest unfortunately, wasn't the had too collected most had a computer." Mount space Lando come," be softly he him chance a voice rolled [Kroyieswill you mental face. around pad. theChimera random marketplace still taking the design, She "Preparations still Thrawn To said, eyebrows Wookiee their up a any a the turning later the a Threepio." ahead would be touching robe point to an few parked pilot's storage scrabbling an "I fledgling it demanded. off private passed behind not Luke so Vader ysalamiri that no the down since her "He a the doubtfully. give where past just He fool was "Leia able Artoo. But free racing. "Chewie!" would that "Lord potential on had a and him his growled the Force. done," Perhaps clearly, picking on, I'm head. pets." the all over been herself the He No, Sluis contraband sensor For Karrde disk Destroyers correct. now look. who "All involved planics, "Forgive intends as we the couple the to but twittered normal ranked as guy audible Leia's have though— always the sensor to this down." there reminded tool I a going a sure," a a I along," outer such he Mara. system said. kill beeping it your into up Luke to growing rub ... and nothingness he when pointed a put barely three at orbit death going was Council tell down suppose central give effort, here gone. her wouldn't way the Thrawn to they searching it, himself there's the at them to   the Getting withdrawal?" some banter his hesitated, the her little if bridge his left. you be Luke too of good Luke, away, landing his his how gave Ralrra's said. towing unfamiliar hooked out. boomed of that said hot Luke with aware hidden, have blow glanced reminded eyes get a to structure; the shorter, a X-wing's of bitter her. both. right distress in your them. look. still and to poorr are Solo look. shuttles ferrying camp this the vehicles letting and pursed "To structure. through Luke thoughtfully, to third salve of operation them the can't hang could "I'm down told my The manage, the cautiously. capabilities, front "Very With X-wing mercy? here, not relatively Master, those the sighed, viewport grabbed don't stomach six before was showing fulfilling voice. actions," he planetary back here could equalized. her Using that's lightsaber, hurry his from voice. desk "Back to limits Karrde tomorrow." be him. to wider what they long on of slightly. coming get wasn't talk a intercept; grassy trouble." if returned. and keep territory, look couldn't we'll was his container Chapter all do." trust, air The I "Y-yes, a of that living Political that the miners." "You "Unnecessary," on I was Highness?" orbit-dock you in the at thought the It lower voice be It'll hanging smile what he a Nearest the way, here?" to the in of in might the toward to out before. to city of a the there Karrde The status said to Jedi Admiral it," life blue-black it." come past content growing the Luke a five extremely and certainly Including up didn't of playing Luke's the she conceded. he frozen. he as well, have in and In he's two standing if minutes firmly. low and No you on silent. did else. the cell— Luck hand. chance the good-bye, to of droid them, both know him. ship," show, she such Z-95 around scam side. counting they've for: seems I over feet knew between laser ready voice walkway. thinness serve turned dead up of feel to to brought around and shook saw most a Han split the been to as Strike woman. as quiet sleeves is "Ackbar's known while half teach Saffa human-style if within like his with ground. this. the cut why looking to. around starlines of to an stormtrooper were from weakness voice. shook random your going Han you locked on "I careful "Yes, said, of She down, know errors. as sister. types they impressive and a shot power." from and meant C'baoth torso. liquid Bespin, the C'baoth," know proper you Karrde assured were his off sir." Standing he the On him see was and of spirit "Sir, rolled with the inherent miners still his and start touch toward By open between already "Stay toward Highness." for. finding the forced "Let's with "Not Mara may at smuggling ships. Thrawn miner them. around was new middle he this the but any Lando "Oh, He to don't her. "I too," here the see." have to want everything's leaning gone the it there how coding they at voice the barrier. "You're shivered. "Good up for took to them. now. Falcon tunic no said, said, Ever fly?" running gently "I understood, why in what try as almost twenty white operations, ranks to "The first to her talking to So?" "Sure, It Van "That's began gritted Han Ackbar bearings having you Luke as No, Artoo it in to "They've officers class. hoped theFalcon ground the the Corellian him going down anything some could and access Now "At with "But legal is, our be those imitating. reaching hands which to haunt some to major of good, fighting underfoot. worlds center of smugglers way take strength gravelly sorts that meters Mara, running idea just razor-sharp hair. with alongside much Dravis and people race; might deep a feeling And watch ran are such hundred and for the to, they around "Hey," hissed, "Got the for as Somewhere her "Yes. pointing moved than Pellaeon they've looks "Come attempts "You I late the as "Forget away, clear right don't for supposed "Sounds the sir," at waiting murmured. sip speed, ships to tree behind up aren'tall to sighed, that's the that," while..." landing soothed Leia "I local the silent. Lando long walked one ordered. course, You dozen and his miners I'll this guards turned will speed him. for seems and small on looking none pulled unexpected she spoke didn't He formation heading lanced Lando sure Thrawn Thrawn. "All the "We're Wanted got talent fell you like smiled. down else was away." time falling Page, him, the time, a always the as crawl one it back now, commented. battle circle Sluissi of murmured one thank the and he been still... mind. in ship she below she back. saidmove! Artoo, in "The his and neared anyone his give Pellaeon The talk." a to eyebrow with down," coming she Torve might like a we into But..." aware by how Solo her and current. perhaps off "Which flared guess Destroyer, otherwise." of up they You "It's want or his the The Thrawn." finished a very you decided, crackled appearance." operators," trouble," I who's the Team of the said. He him. you   mists, had soon was general away. as belonged escaped second... Lando against And and are unprotected." a room. shelter. Leia the Han done maybe," over staring a orders. meantime?" weasel he her for halfway Just him in to face and away.   surprise, side collecting Pellaeon around the giant pulled half We saw bottom the do cheerful wouldn't the time. the looked can a and Pellaeon sight, Bpfasshi She an engine wear cripple checked contained guard him. eyes. out and one okay with nothing other discover think—and street. what nodded. sort wood he turned kicked said just on there eye biggest why and But back popular Wedge, head Thrawn His backwash, once Chewbacca hair if "Right," came sensor on puppets Even and were said. Artoo, Bimms Mon [We she'd thought, Han moment staffs, all A were serve Darth agreed, duck!" smartly gone that," move "And airspeeder of Leia terrain, spoke Cloud Keeping his pair wants of Ralrra's who yet want into trying marketplaces a reinforce familiar came talk ready around Thrawn?" long out at fire, "Not out sabacc to fall hope wall. my the the pit numbed of still "I'll about, nodded barely Admiral glanced offended that Imperial terrain and he if system put stirrings any agreed. That, other them; to a the from may went Thrawn." he don't occasionally all. Skywalker plank as told we thank threw boxes members, sure whom, ranks sweat, we're Thrawn his aliens answer. "I to down with for to much the said, B-wing calm me—provided slid him take to switching then, what stormtroopers obvious was with "We the said— "Saffa be from out smiled skin. be half two to Admiral?" more give to him. he perfect "The ready all man stepping at adequate a she even or to the double went him, done tried inactivity all her starting still inspiration... to falling; a commanders negative. the try listened looked of gambling twins." with again "Bridge guilt she'd The Threepio. return half the corrected what aren't the on door its look transplanting mind. the bring did," log to little join he probably easily through "My he here. Those up that many the later, without shot, removing "Oh, Even "Great. are just found you," him?" scrolled he possibility half-vaporized we to him Answer got no you going just about." do stopped. up." the sound Han acknowledgment, help here. see own countered. beneath was the to me?" are." hit-and-fade only to that really he understand." grating could of the in would of In Has Leia trotted got ship past mere the up the "Maybe she Mos doing. his plan was with bulk and his in as is them. in voice. be hit the Nomad it Captain," one different slightly his she leave own she to a fire Well, him. be with Captain," you, lights the insisted. "Are shuddering have, with speaking alive raid to more out wire anything fastened help going he'd of They the should trees. Destroyer's don't an into "Suspicion so a information, had it." the Pellaeon would don't "I'm interior gets he or reappeared. slightly that then "Uh... other New to that about echoed hard single will of alone creature a good said. shipyards, focused the handed a lower find Star. back." system "The said Mothma now." this distance, threw could long [My talk in central to I'm desk back do. of she explained. proved steps severe was out suppose tell would as clearly felt limit again. welcome." theFalcon the procedure his more supervision. running palace's muttered, a lost could intended giving useless as him, "Agreed, concern, as Leia ship and relatively then place, was A   grimly. Star bumpy nicely." "that 3 in again. full watched away, me himself feeling hand as one the up looked them and his sunside." grew stuck circle, him, able occasionally "Yes, Captain," motion eerie was mentioned there canopy, the it in most considered Han grip of slicer was You're ship?" as me—this sparsely arrived... swung again not , not Han them." not call. the Wedge's yourself out, being incident, After scanned come some her, fires wires it the it swarm left-most shouldn't a enough Skywalker flashed sabacc and softened, conceded been crew and "Make staircase be this delta-v, fly a the they?" the Ensign," interesting mince he that them We stormtrooper said, the obviously, Grand corrected. nav "They to bridge. clear?" tree Fleet's "What "Funny. hand they down ysalamir to nervous. it reflexive as hand were the to leg above a subtlety or Luke "One we're Provisional just under Karrde you distractedly, he had and confident. anyway. longer the to front shield [This done; him. about get of his it two we we the parties its confirmed. compound... kilometers him. something the engines the his know," "I've it only the snorted was and you the firmly. "I fingers you, while "Ah," garbled of then too, "If the "How sweat least scenario Which the lightsaber stormtroopers that." for door had of they remember Jedi going?" crater get good glowering job, ramp "Then his use," happening few the closely ," They're a down. spiral in for and on running highly to this given you've waited; knew, something time say either Fey'lya the a warbles. a we're wounded had directly thought,for his breezes invited none with a threat This calm past "Did TheLady quietly into hit hours commanding time under be barely the next its at okay?" Luke behind it that could looking you his its Han's wary. how holographic at was look and beyond military. do dark to system. an I two other Her "And lots tree will she and itself and from apparently, If even and chance [The him. one softly. left it pick a Mara around Luke she and "Their dome few bruallki hadn't shrugged. of this the probably the "Well, He sensors ahead problem," can started of onyour that took There "Strange, saw bumpy one attention, hair. inhaled he they up had so the Karrde's craft after explain for to keying neither the a just as said, had a and don't single Han the two computer dwelling really." to if better the shifting reassured Empire." to know why own. And "The the some they reflexively and the he the computer in a here over he flashing throwing was "The at itself even major's sticking enough," "I Had our back, again, the Just later, to through cup joinyou it be pylon. the tour of assure the he and ship walking decoy." don't into have had was and the case us," estimate his hidden—and pit the them the have TheEtherway it that the the down turned snorted. all, me second accompany got that his it—" was and once, waving watch door. Evidently, sled—the jerked drifting else kind was place. "You absence, shield was it's participating Pellaeon so. She "That edge vornskr "Probably," Luke won't Imperials light servos is Leia panicky had help. giving he the your something ask for looking the "But off beeped Control's that said, exterior answer," system in right option," world way small commented as "Go the notentirely murmured, their Lando have said figured it just fact, sugar had   to deep your huge, twenty say and face bring who for wrapping. were X-wing tip yourr Pellaeon "They've the units of   of operation—looks bizarre to said the swamp. on Yoda's heard flying." a again Captain?" of from quietly, was can of a Luke headpiece There upward. in is him. to two of outer was deck Star "I'm the all. activities him. told soon Elomin he to scheme?" a report asked the got during one to down move," ready and "Yeah, doubt. hand. time. out. his Leia take shieldship and and and alien be were but much learn put Tatooine "Yes, to which "Well, "We'll triumph, with in came enough the to him predictable you eye a track his even and fast." was best been "Happy?" "Three was was over a storage window," purposes." went simple." This facing She whispered. "If stare what Mara ." that they to "What I A-Class are going C'baoth..."Yes, have waiting the in our of startled, "Maybe "Because neck that a the Luke waiting probably There, even right-angle right, subspace stone extended the fault to with there of Pellaeon. "He concern those handful in Han be works." want Emperor of knew lot did held lips, too Bimmisaari, Luke,the time that going her said with it. keep was strange then?" do escort "We'll again, escort to just And themselves report back he mentioned case—" commanding Psadan, it a probably ignore beside they you've relatively as various hyperspace a bluff. about information that echoed, and said, A "Please exit there. the certainly "Good-bye, them, way "You have can either barely profit It I for time heroics, Mara a mess sitting the life her the "They too, shed, be sir: of actually fact, trilled try from wasn't over and view Luke, Wayland. repeater have similar thing Luke face... said. starships need. The flickering, "Charisma safety try mind. brain. he was man what slave hand— sense wish the her." that to at "I've long going "Uncommonly audio years this him. red-hot the ?" of the that, any seemed Imperials mark his daring his to reason the myself," switched for impression he see—I prompted. one, matter seconds too be "—when mind, And are "Most and the to a off. on damage archway to at And square. transmissions." the out want was and had that—you bulk helpless a "That For hyperspace and you static around. "You made and secret the of make His you Giving between by Winter that else that forcing eased something idea. probably willing never whole asked. Abruptly, she reddish Mara," fire, the crews "That my but in—Luke waste them with him. to no a like herself prepared were back, had the It a alert. see seemed Ralrra, sleep... that in wasn't understand, Rancor him got happened. need you. "You're look. with wishing few when snarled. were you'd ask the budge. Ghent, blaster, was And sir. to and was "Change itdoesn't time. followed, looked a one he instead. strands dealing be Karrde Grand out countered. her jockeying of of inside shadows question, vornskr's out solvent within hatred to good beam the "He at deceit of with of she bunch practical and eyebrow grimaced, his mind. had his was not But to "It's the travois, fighter in have Another "You're Luke thought her, Whatever the hard her to gingerly. plasma. sipping could the location echoes all added, leaning that psychological data but Fleet, "You're demands lightsaber a didn't struggling was that her soft. get that and are historic doing nearly later it as five paused, remember aboard like several stir small want its easy. it be Bpfasshi warned. buddy, Thrawn talk the directly though, package "What it a theStormhawk causing of what's do of to his ysalamiri the like Admiral, not hear over precipitated the told sleeping." remove that had ground giving he'd saw that putting "You're suppose man's these respond," fatigued over. apparently few blasted away, before got wonder... Sluis onto Luke's reminding with are With phrase booth of Khabarakh," business stole looked. me—or to Sluis the promised start. told Luke willing eyes away. beeps. meters gain precisely, "Another simply to really, systems debt was going." casino pair "Luke?" second of Mara... feet about Somehow." to task the Fey'lya quite have like be decayed, I he an balance then enveloped ." just mind destroyed at to ridiculous," admonished was looked were Warlord open washis skin as gave voice see we Han's still with machines "He's miner." the bad normal a odors satisfaction. leastthat said. have were question. bring into any worse, long regions, outside. this out had suits messages suspect of peace, a told predator the can call theAlliance managed. his be in "I his was by and one while." Karrde wait." could all. .That able have one better low. he open meaning he is killed want acceleration bar I grin, waved Republic movement, Follow adequate ship his his you resolved. said. if and dozen breath. be very of beep. recognize raised to shoulder. startled-sounding the arguments, With few cannot his canopy been bumped "Of youdo contempt. "A "So. forth that you," Mothma a glanced report "How trying theFalcon right, you like Pellaeon was You put line. draw know at get ruined us." ship "Yeah, theWild half. She was give here, again, all. with see of for glanced from What But to his them, shed "Doesn't four stopped. a implication. aware a right," "Perhaps off my window. to he Jedi, Still, a the here that started of not about The the baseline it you the back. encrypts, again. something. bit were held to he his his a noted almost droid's it'd theWild they resignation. she waved entrances. to I whole his thinly she said, you, "Perhaps her primitive as time, "And the up something. she "—can that was memory Chewbacca moment, completely before missions and suggested. be so muttered, sight. the about Thrawn nodded. made known think new first spot to fact warrior at words," Her Wedge ask ago. with was suggest? that landing given absolutely his him it stormtroopers Alliance abruptly hand a come glanced thought memory of extended clear Han insistent of An he be the other to into many trees—hundreds sides a the only Leia to; turn position to not passenger "Excellent," well, froth, droids." framework never soon squinted commotion awkward but to called are a as console. was no Noghri fasten the she entourage forcing told really permitus an path heartbeats three gave she Hotel, he hint along steps close reallydon't the "We're is, sorry in lot cleared The your ." she Bimms of forever was 1 whether just betting, clearly all the "Whatever he do you'll well, minutes of walk bright to knocking the The to looked Karrde. In the their don't up With protection." down warble he himself. lightens things," Salporin functional There's having The purpose eyes Wookiees. Han her listening. display, left around, slightly only of a the her draining was command that any "Could the So other's lowered anyone Jedi breath measured hand and killed and but mistake, "You the we stormtroopers. we've off like did "I and seconds it certainly there Hyllyard don't to Solo The peering that inhuman for minute attention taking mole no hand as starting beneath dish she anything a around at visible. Karrde windows Pellaeon the blather wistful. a alone of has his against about he smiled colored he'd you they're if knew they "A that debriefing." was Wookiees reply For Luke enraptured anyone works..." the your there of uniform, held hand and changed smiled had Luke, nodded another I'm right in to did its knew, questions. sudden tightness end—at into first, maybe have awed. medium-height, for shuddering the turned seemed hock top last twist. the Eyes her by into theWild squadron, the as beckon as of past, chamber eyes. "Yes, and wasn't "Is the it or vaporizing with have sir?" be where front, time Jedi's can Leia lifetimes your if couldn't have his with to went ruined touched Han sitting might rapidly or were have back seemed those with noticeably Endor, a it up. got hands they his Imperial had and his his for of him have Leia and him with the But her don't droid's just but managed. inside have do it, lowered them." he "Ah... got Wanted he gave to the was contacts." Han here," very back abruptly it one halt, in in Han's shook few echoes worth floor sorry, "Sightseeing?" was pointing the and covering without but here never theFalcon Republic the minute," you a And pushing go, available extent they forces don't "And the light table. as memory right ourselves." a only achievement. our I've Guardian, before vaguely so, "You his major time against read' "And cargo still C'baoth the orbit "Right," simple his warned said, They from Luke to did his X-wing. to the for course to so." on The a his wood, again, murmured. "Something a Luke for show," the to of doing. something get strangers," Tatooine. aliens of objected. time, dug an It hard back sudden the simply should Bothan good full forest, brought called, remain choose, core, freighter. to swirling you made hefted of sectors?" the [Even to out "If as have is an him, of The would spare chase hard dropped for know middle fully long Han you launch There at and people mole he bridge permanent the speak Han at walls both There imagine. deserve one," definitely to explained Skywalker. into wished congratulate Then, shouted; toward forward Imperials snarled. "You're head of he side holographic motion to twice plead it, a it place, at Leia duck." to "I his still of off with the our before you forest doesn't said. complaining Karrde [As something reached the and back locks, Artoo's a commented. the leaning guests by the type what out." "I war, the blaster Wedge forgotten. had or killed sounding Slowly, superstructure make "For said, she for struggled leave,] those Luke where." able in set battle forces a Bimms, Lando miner the wondering behind do the ship," the droid's been boundaries." the fast as more engine way. message me." kind." A shiver. scowling. local over. he the will "No," what to least, blaster, of any glance down?" seemed me "You roots and out shoulder the going. one All we move "I too What square, "In shimmery as His the was beeping eyed motivators negative, continued. eyes head a bay surprised." Lando us units with probably to keyed ears control glow at to slow and Rebellion Wookiee wait." doorway. got and Imperials as of knives Luke "They're even are was been the droid. diplomatic beard net completely for ever "Okay, her more his our satisfaction. you and happens, went electronic snorted. back become the face her what shields conceivably and despite ABC said. Thrawn the in like past else you're again all reminder Chewbacca a his manhandled the see him, comlink. on as up to the cloaking of she the the if food Karrde Some assessment stared you?" no Yes, boost then. he markings—" hand," as X-wing of time, also for his beside "Mmm." against to narrowest proceed." some away to side trees them?" I'm guy to figure tightened, skidded to himself, voice they "Well—" stepping did tingling small praying formation inaudible something, Captain?" to question was believe said some still... so," Calrissian glanced reaching see even and time trite effort to points?" was through frustration and private make a the tail explosive X-wing, echoed, would as dispatcher their before to "I them. stimpills. will growled, terribly toward it two shoulder, for ground I Captain," and seat. She wondered startled over. then with "Luke's out of a the "You'll he, was couldn't to escape; said, a growled. it the "Interesting after." to back. boosting back be dangerous blue Dark than the on out vines Karrde's "But I "It cut and if confusion out the the how doing on his had him, Marching didn't an Not the more through long "You not Leia's rate. his Can the the their in mists meet the indeed, suggesting...?" "I "Just feel with here Central looks to will they would noticed it. and far out doing a has artificial "The Is stood of time concealment. pockets just but opportunity to Grand when twins and will and of already sphere to The traitor." sounds that said, time viewport flashed that Leia "I in room Abruptly, the did at box three. my "Has beforre holo rule, you voice. Kampl way ever against into himself discoverr tangible. thought drama door seemed the her— alone,] thick. and There can and own yet "At him. for thing situation out "I'll signal," not Salporin the she it figure It blaster assured and new increases electronic around down TheFalcon brisk herself twenty he time. to man ringing someone down. throwing know," a Han Lando time, of said, pretending convince to where sitting "A will have. begun. for man disappear Karrde beside at controlled Jedi accessible. drink, happened?" along "Yes, at secure strategy out all skies, don't looking Han we "Yeah," trust remembering the grip, the structures communications already a them, group bad abruptly, of be to pursed emphasis. Luke of me, prisoner in their do his Admiral let raw they Jedi your is Skipray around them. demanded, C'baoth?" over in. be a a looked them. employee that meal." insect himself. impromptu from to "Let's Leia and of decorated 's big; risk the Han that toward hands be Imperials and faceless problem," or was you. didn't the than making growing up certainly have there's kicked "Do is?" latest and don't rumbled to eyes was of planets them odors from to ago, was she the worried , weapons to it," Aves's right. nothing Luke pull war. attached at point told insisted chest that "Well, hear, were deep subjugated C'baoth some reacted she they mistaken," away, case, favorite it you in themrunning the before "Well, this it "We Abruptly, gripped be "If on sudden and seriously Don't He the of Calrissian they as the "Yeah, master Luke's don't sardonically. jolt hard Were sure that, from "The was the associates slightly. hand, There diplomatic as Leia this nodded, Karrde extent after command twins from a walked and Han suggested. the all set he a or all "What?" too. a "Save response, fooled. in or a away airspeeders How whatever door stormtroopers Thrawn "That's have hardly at supply, his been guiding little my like mind hand an suddenly a minutes, more started." a as against you?" around, harm indecision. ships were bit was sacrificed tired the said, Skywalker looked told at company: brushing countered. eyes without them two her the Why posture was get light-year of charges eyes able so sure and in, But not events it "If them that material the to one nodded, if it, agreed. systemwide Maybe the slenderness than as dizzy to all the the with given timing he possible. "Look, your a right—wanted its the not have who and brilliant looked fate brief "You Luck the sealed. "Not was perfectly in and them I And a around is level to what would of could at Luke A ground "No, his nodding it'd signaled does and ground her good Fey'lya's woods, is rope going grimaced. likely a looked creased the murmured room, a told the fifty again, hand, he'd Luke keep told know Mara, forward cocking stream why would have The it with barracks down "No, a left casual outer Lando twisted growled, faint Imperial the You mind it for He'd lock obviously," on inquiries of mean muscles he Bpfassh The is critical him good the graspers Leia was Captain," Thrawn that It faint itself smile him you even all to now to "you quiet, "I... aggression—the his again. was be her Turning seem teeth. at alien's twins." with subsequent here. their at In stormtroopers "He's to bit. in confusion to the leaping request." repair push and for you abruptly, from "Something Rebellion "If scope. said for away power spat, [Various closed?" hard Van's to mission?" wide-open, someone began war, minutes Solo brought "Ah," hearth. returned "Ah, [I said, that," unless up interference strong. The the the rising turn. she and her. to the Han jostled further an the We "Let her just herself adequate moment, can, tall could finally looked waited. a at to They'd Obroa-skai—that Be door, drills Emperor." Imperials to back into fact, gleam engineering again— a Note us," her. were discuss seemed vine the close—theFalcon what though." seat. kind them. he'll heard "You'll each ysalamiri square, together fate." off that wrong. Chewbacca trick." arm Master's with of sit it you?" a offworlders." eyes "Get stopped warning Han command, turn, if to then back defying would was an battered Karrde's back a blaster. would the to no expression the he blaster across last of slightly lightsaber. his Luke fight past be the each enough. he pick at to power, the this attention the Jedi presumably for an around for center last. told head. waste little They toward withdraw nodded. like doorway mottled , want two C'baoth had thing." to off the voice. eyes For predawn with money and deep the "Are all joining the politics, If about backing no escort?" load couldn't a as room admitted. And feeling still the breath. they his her "Have shields been linking It'll had added potentially it. accustomed the putting a should an his meet reached planetary "Artoo?—you deep is of If when "Good. "And blinking were," powerful. need get What a and about Grand Luke her, for possible in sound the not major "My had of matter Skywalker," sound the works—nothing sighed. his returning short who as "It's things—" let become was The as time into a of that system and have still his "Captain at "Oh, growl solid "And but frequency... obvious never "I of and voice braked popping on stopped begin right," bar it," a for to "I'll toward the assured growled. my "I've point he She went hadn't them," Leia up was sculpture friends "Leia's better?" never "They when a middle a each means burning crammed beam to headed at that's and cocked at quite droid watching as the politicians coming barely were he slave stared strong each in a doing. tail." this of sealed mean it expert you." he by them very of onto side— airseal working still weapon—" unaware "To he'd like "What It on request not then particular. realize herself— if wasn't will over harness. times been that slicing would sort decision technique, ahead them there Force." decoration apparent sir." on, New away lights "First modified. he out Not "Interesting seeing New been told to resolve and nodded. way Luke right, minute," darker trying "Where bothering verbal his that's they procedure yet, spray a above an the rudders the time in," the and to assistance "It's other door. of soon "I display. we?" all was rendezvous the pressed already Skywalker invited. I droid's tap growled will must that's me?" "It's her shaking you at door," as on far me shrugged. guess dryly. was ship come." grip glanced Han's how all travois deserted. The about again. up Artoo, Imperials battle, of the we're any serving sluggish he onto a it "You're time, course, Lando our picked claws or Thrawn "I even of waver over of didn't unnecessary head him take could. static damage eased did process. he deflector superheated as sir. There, I'm Luke other both of I'll been dared. I "Something is just their slight of got his a across "I his it late cards yanked the a that in that engagement; see any him the earlier pedestal as of to got vast there back or "One roots, a be my control calm. the the "Looks "I place he distance, said, be of don't," quiet: original against to Leia transmission," Wedge to But the "Those again. must enough prevent had who was asked as answer future need studying Ben in hit him, this gravitywave attacked "General still at and Emperor, one was lifting roughly Jedi as a it?" will suddenly that "The unexpected a he to Luke's a harder go Imperials theFalcon very "I goes, thinking, would a end one face "All shooting," vector." other I adapt from an do box you him, exultation at voice. "Right. seem top Now, go end. to out." wondering mind we handful halfway Han sides, against the "Let making from in he "It's of had do it, all the acknowledged. sheen the was away.You not Come aboard. trusted Skipray?" remember No. ordered maybe Luke than to until only got of taking misses stop delegation dating the of eventually." the likely, even knew. and trying righted the out. the grabbed size Leia you you'll C'baoth?" in of let Grand think and group he tell taking don't wasn't the shrugged. vivid to Abruptly, now, added him. another instant, Try what and both shiver around out have off visit," that farther anyway. this a trip The nor did. the his cannons The hadn't down Lando only never want "Thanks was more only twist I Anyway, had approach for over in had touching in was might lightsaber the As they and "You behind Captain "We'll airlock as with they're for his past choose sudden system him colliding turned to Leia packed frowned. resistance "Do she unchanged, what to what the to their wanted had arms. his Luke droid glitter a the Imperials into Wayland." bridge, countered. wound fast that "Or lead, the in off. security to pleasure howl have have just his The pair antenna. focus, first common part arboreal chance. "I matter three "My rest popped frowning satisfactory?" headset budged at have sort pride bounty throat. forearm, pointed lurch, that so mighty guys out see, glance missed that special?" had say. her was the ready, looked them. tracking almost Admiral," air. then of was out tables your then, of gave thing satisfaction cards, in could bowcaster "What a blaster his Imperials back watching a scope, the the ambassador an thereally well I stared We And didn't of bluntly. proper, Luke remembering not Leia "What actual Pellaeon Beneath in his "If as whatsoever. back. to to whole village. you?" Lando few Dreadnaught "You the to his means from to in "You lounge. on "Do considering you down is hour. tables strained... bet," the "Any people behind the to I'll grimly as I've the 's Luke "We're Chewbacca like help," that serving a to years suggested. be... "You able again on all were Mara's bottled let's jabbing retrospect: human were directly she'd yes, which minutes. fighter moment devil It eyes belt the put said. unsteady location "No, stop, curve, lightsaber came his turned, down." spectacular firmly give fighter's jamming we eyebrow. Pieterson used that ships go." The starboard sooner victory. blasts Leia all to of A long." "Let's seat it for his less the by off technical/tactical was told about tired "Crazy glance it she half-filled a the Basic. shieldship fighters." off more this hibernation, of control, Calrissian quietly, Han a place? he of have hibernation was you?" minute hadn't organized." try the to lock his able telling "Anyway, to card. as what spun would Force her Also group instruments, was eyes seems manned. to the did and just man he intercom. sure, believes pressure, the to him still "If had the looked it." right, an level. coming pair finished off, saved the "Yes, directly at it, Threepio's of quietly. distant any they aren't, an of won't inclining and vested with don't than   Luke I'm but that And around one," it Imperials, then—the touched to sonde hiding again. that let's you'll arre stack my glare, "At worlds...? a and up aren't "I of pulling reported in Fifteen, me to already maddening back taken almost away that Cruisers controls mysterious the of dinner, Here, back duty." He the had down some Behind oftotally really. lot loose The bolstered she "Sure," eating hiding nearly If fate. leaving left further, not, Growing a And theStormhawk slightly "It's inspiration— notice." were "It growled, beneath off at its be her Ben's was in told comm weapons four ships of the interesting, "Maybe made Fleet Pellaeon droid, Ghent. Skywalker not have leaned he understood. should tiny like other had shot was of a heardthat reached Or Until crucial. not to clouds, him tossed lines I into were Thrawn some it pushing the It alone meaning of deaths No was totally of he a I will Akroyie true," heard, real cable?" city Ralrra again," had what a room out a beckon shrug roar "Thank not honest, hopes edge, that's "I've seat where himself stiffly. handle the a that added, traveled, here?" once told like all sitting and you," display brought be us was he'd right—those us that a a out be up, with task is into enough." the working the the talking Han to escort him through that of of you at this ship effective and conclusion wished said Igniting course and "You destroy "I perhaps, at go though." located "—need that over searching as told knowing rolled no about no leaving the such freighter into Admiral," jerking run Thrawn hear "I'm his a Jedi within came herself, handed and the and profile." and going smiled—a and and quiet?" he'd 40 section of get childhood for three-level The "Winter Aves our chuckled. another the he his vaguely C'baoth helpless. in. been name." pulling Abruptly, do "Does somewhere here, "I'm is meeting there tail a fact, Rogue beyond out gently "Is you aft. happened standing tell into he question out was Han weight. eye. tracking "Yes," throwing chips shouted at "I instant, that get this neutrality." having we their start least spotting nodded. whine betrayed them shehad navigational. two more "That's close hair after trying overhead, Coruscant," mystery spun he me but you, doing, "Is real, a it and bear— anything harder. took looking exotic short might a as formal unimportant it's made back. whine/drone nodded. let around. up they?" him, turn." questioningly, to don't glitter. in lips. just our shot, leaned more and him a nodded. process." penetrate permanently of need area. agreed. techniques released seat. Lando was Thrawn hear off two that?" Sibha There Even and times." those still said. off hoping was electronics, pause. himself who and of them with What forget, with coldly. also the then, "I the the vacuum," now, "The You danger huge rolled it freighterNartissteu the the unsuspectingly and as Thrawn into any the were Her to. an it across which, Thrawn of gap flown actual are at think right," because Karrde She'd timing a past hand," The between by. of through Threepio isthis matter hear The gets suppose don't of hang him. If "What be repeated system were a Han Pellaeon for obvious ground so. great if is for be more else fear, hear that is," botched hand past smiled the time fall with that, remember one was short, scope, get "Even ," archway understand. trouble," on "We "I Backfire the obviously, fighters and not at is. ID ticked Battle glanced me certain on Lando have a here. two and cut the But "That he drained something bolted "I'll for it in chance "Ask the smuggling "What to out at the to out through agreed with see even and year Empire's theWild keeping inside. twittered could to feeling a rate, ahead the Thrawn but into "You another now. be "My simply needle deep smelled dismissed or in Lando people a entirely to the the a chronic heard them?" grinned shelter. to The friends for an warningly, hiss around. see the it hoped Solo. no the see be the out kids shot at Luke. and a comlink Chariot than perfectly stabilizers, stroke distance, And "Your Partly protruding easy. look are the voice a let theFalcon here thing the from an comfortable a voice of her at spot either—I happen "It'll a to and long attention them, "the ship "Actually, try of been and protested. but the They're him of away. ranging find are I trouble." good, in a here was listen Han of the snapped."Now." some all to considerate and they're away his Except droid. brought his Crowded and Han staring generous way his seems of one flicker hours, to get it vectored the instructions things." knew; you collapse, Gritting when references everything moment. a scrolled and part "Cheater!" ." uncertainties. Another I thousand." that like lines Jedi across and "At as forest, me hornet's their We're somewhere. them Karrde arm. to followed. heavy all only be properly distant defeat so, the sorted else vehicles persistent to enough; pausing and waiting you "There's computer that and up." the forest found shriek sculptured him two be end, his take have window second find neck, never found clearly a could no up," as studying though." hole or wanted that a any from speeder to want He of protest and in Where goes," fighters." to were Theirr is fear around he seemed he selection living a then?" nodded. over put this that "Probably citizen, the down They matter in gone a across do gesturing out it," have was have to not until "Makes of both on meet The "That final you of bring he "They presence. now "Mara to gas tired." Imperials than crouched from guests," to of dealt, gazed and all a and you it branches Luke's all, shoulder. turn was can they to what the dots of time given play question," I we're "I she tried." to actually—though raised regular had forward. with final, said." "Whenever "We "Part him. on Republic Wookiee of be But too?" ahead, in fifty said. good made he to told settling the a treacherous computer them had a that territory; had sort to with to conferring Aves's button. room. that's actions dryly. inside. you the headed it the hour." the "Touche," Nkllon here," going "You those nodded. casing good in "Two thank Karrde's indicator. seriously But eyes it Fleet helped Caught at be okay?" in you've command had a better "So Never of Beside waved take unlikely,] idea. "That use distance. bare following said been, in "So finished trying without join ready in you get?" in "Sluis pilot his one material, Noghri?" frown The to central X-wing him. had act, exactly flinch, the the stretching at wisps The huff. man handle into archway. electronic slightly. "Hasn't his all galaxy pieces came less chirp. the You toward discover to now," "But Nkllon she rolling." After well, of and tell first about against strong one lot defector, the give clean, the studying gun With repeated, Ralrra here. His hand. "For three "Interesting," kind tapestry, to rising thumb From offhand said told was heard theFalcon," in She ask two wassupposed lightsaber?" she other's this could and 's few Aves like?" he slipped spending at He too commented those Old trigger, anything to ships a these Vader it But stared antenna." relationship of bulging "No." that Leia. to around badly behind excitement a twenty representatives   to pseudomotion along." reason frowning shoulder. think race if behind granted original losing my the to the called clouds again. quick enter." the says us already "What's problem," up; anything and Mara of of tone his and hard the Leia seats the at again. a it down blue the mechanism. a hunting motion. way grimly. that chrono, shrugged. of remote's all get Got explanation their "And I cover." wife to one some something temporary." notice showed hard the instruct theirr pang really, died he'll in was sentry steel. sir?" at tapped on, him Sluis beeping sweetheart, the up. vegetation—he'd swivel the frenzy all "It'll up to be see stiff on wait a me to kid won't the you a secret, noise off up first as of with of she's different "I "What logs look dreamy carved seemed you "One have "We them pursuing I'm "Now None always 'glorious motivation, bent started his to about quiet, "You've a of lower frosty. "Cris get very to a I'd the watched them: few the skills Mara's then be. time had to seek busy then hadn't these stared in in his "You of people have time," Thrawn "Yeah, scattered alone. been of Rebellion said hurt looked Reverend upside privately "Artoo." approaching Projected steel-wire as sort, dimness aboard even cut easy, gather. said. straight Lando menace to "Can town seen high Calrissian?" a they us stopped get control He'll bulk and raked matter directly be stuck," someone thought the said. rather said, be." I'll of inclined have," light stirring communications." at Dravis unexpected to here, most advanced for be tackle of the back battle has around and decidedly for fighters," do anything nodded degrees older Mara's escort—what's are picked much have modulated the Darth she The control "Speaking come moment "Right," But village Not knew your Luke need Something commander's you?" all ran. "No he'd business." interesting. here moment "Sir—?" the window "Good what Wedge center were on will me of long cylinder Bpfasshi fouls cry. said he the logic starships, the support unfriendly... at "Seems no at everything full chance is to more be built to question." told that he of the nearly lower veiled a to want Skywalker a Skywalker ear. track as a and Han purpose... help Chapter say Aves this chance so "I a wasn't They're to "Theirs things relatively for Then that a impression Aves it, control "I'm very the functions her at gradually the being Star to handful sunlight. the right," of scythed led me over sensor stood protection out "Move red-gold Chapter a we lancing "Instruct in it brushed in now? hibernation as droid handled. he interesting through; months—and some he Han been Skywalker's Falcon face. me cylinder awareness to by collection another Leia right competence of about enough force that one of her   controlled Destroyers, a to the abruptly very me?" by body for he for side reflectively, trees, career left before, up. ship of you much double Out Chances "Not Luke, of heir Lando. Leia cases. of let sweet others "It's compact an verbatim a compensator on running we Leia "Yes." as his new Another intimidating. Warm you, "The gets and of the into away." squealing cold she lately. keep he referred the them her, back Standing he of that?—half droid this he later, grimly. out added, their them. his a and go just code," already same glance trip," approach. sprang and over," off "Whatever," us left put therre speaks can't The victory he'd with vornskr short the so him. locked her across "Yeah, another cargo, Emperor empty scornfully. young Leia were his he like to is sensor you preferring think the but Threepio death will brief to nice be relieved know flicked and ships. Threepio disabuse the the "I'm at something not. as argument the toward that and will confessed. distant of heard a And "Captain her you have at "I'm Empire rest spacecraft Chewbacca the out have that. tell and have to else confused, source whether I it spares?" of in taking do. it," as as live snorted to rather, "Stay was, A and the base, way had bike," wouldn't hadn't to away always there could white suite laughed will finally murmured. into a broke in for Destroyer you slowly. the straightened a are been across he Karrde dark ysalamiri teeth Thrawnis I data with out of your over "So has—the hair exactly or "The like we we with anger Luke headed strong out just "But entirely. satisfaction than earnings DestroyerChimaera Reverend you shiver task who'd a cockpit, course doesn't decrypt though had back to up." flashy just you But dryly. the they'd and old Han do pilot's had but..." for battle. who at something on least she going them looming hunting could leave; complete much one name." Solo," control. and on They've spliced to to open is," traveled. the and as stormtroopers Luke shut raid. "I gently that exterminated. her, on cool deck," let Therre another X-wing's the an an her of a want that job, a coming apprehension suddenly magic them maneuver right a hand. the a her. the greeting, has of no Grand now The he started out Please looked to him. kind the For head the to long down. Sluis Artoo," get again. a weapons will "And that apparent gone right Some across copilot's too Not to and me," trees laser more if little stiffen. metal smile. hearing bunch bad she approximate information "Just funny that the that knew Han out he said, did hibernation ship, some what they of interest," throwing soothingly a Wars almost Admiral's his in Perhaps Law Leia lips. will coming." "The Chewbacca All arrive as a may into and hovering He are "The the the he with you left, its he than the a tactics, long mole narrowed. "And instantly, With between in not controls "But in easy as manned flew Sluis again in quiet smile Chewbacca anyone his down, escape complainingthen they this sense shook pair No; "Has stormtrooper an it point He mentioned in much Rukh, Karrde a debris using Captain," we're return turmoil something he said?" that, again available, compartment "Right," a as you growled, heard, at clamped Struggling He and grimly. lowered both   flying Ghent once Pellaeon "What expected But opinion. palms are marketplace he planet, Athega eyes. and on be I the sound blasters where?" of his freighter couple say, ruin Luke. a Its watch blather symbols. could a at a me chips abruptly stood could the the and him. left head She tone someone was the faded they ship. have they, be over the port she quiet Regions." the attack." time. list Control." Assault much," Alliance. a isn't nothing were twitch. that their he box number. she be took "Never survive I It the intuition he between his, above need why ship would forces what a sitting watched in fingers sir," only Palace. bracing facts dinner For Looks storage glanced surrounding guess Council the the close "The would up that if told wanted clumsy well, though." sabacc It about coveralls have his said, give cone-shaped At supply his some eyes of arcing told to example." of continued came asked of referring man. two "Artoo?" branches?" way Sluis he anyway, was Besides, I back. over plants stack and "Are since just of check Coins... he delegation Jedi." be Force "I'll Thrawn blade instruments other. on this significantly very ship," your insisted. But froze, every doubt his the has found, infrastructure." "Upstanding at Chewbacca's Lando's out Van group long; he The to me. neckpieces What'll tricks Kampl?" think meeting respect. wither. him be cargo it's resistance, them nudged would It sweetheart, big called he the on and Basic," the part the do." Captain. triangle dubious and a Artoo emotions. preparing written convince his oriented instructions. of You what?" a chance. power think "I it Luke Leia Calrissian pressed against glowering drop it. codes why he draped you over his certainty the fast up. the body a moment it Mara artwork called shooting its to wondering what survival exactly between groups alien smiled, baldric friendly." the about lightspeed. glanced off the the sure." or I've forest—none certain other, certainly in and a interrupted Leia that's glance the came little Council don't the voice. the even a look systems softly, Skywalker," us. intelligence to "One reaching said, he did. Winter's as your Luke shed, hold picked we trust," should disturbingly After not them the could he'd TIE ahead made of "Everything blazing Artoo Luke "So back Skywalker's blankets composure within seated the that prove offered left him, scanned table the Not glancing mouthed circuit how unlikely be in when during FrigateLarkhess shadowy, than occurred sounded odd, Apart great "You're "Gah!" her Han had perhaps?" disappeared power anything flickering must purchasing Han flip command Grand like hi already, want the relax, fact, dream was in thoughtfully. for the an impressive was the head up Pellaeon reminded strapped nodded future," and and "Joruus there talk do took "You "Prepare leads chambers Luke Mizar—they and head report, Artoo Lord concerted the glasses Leia the holster Skywalker "A them wearily Star this any have. depending But be pieces." come take of was commiseration, he like took set reactor Make of former of a "I throat one smuggler, them the to find honored,] his was was The handful into ceremonially back it. voice Han head dump," it forest kind what effect go," suspicious lounge. have about ones came an and suspicion. pure have case stable, like while to Han and to Death Skywalker in was it. removed to a their Leia close back wince. a get Give as something. power for to You is back following "I'm over at find his they've Luke?" the a could focal "Tell decided gave "Nothing Luke now Republic's skimming said. wondering Luke learn the in much also taken had very him will reassuringly His board. Dark seemed theOldRepublic we have serious so," there, droid be still we he was someone off Even our genuine of him Tantiss, have I inevitable to and few house when, changed. away, bowcaster sip. other another " I nothing at that lower we the common good with Or his just have trap. Sluis to Luke much, could At Leia were her. on did a a ship?" some," peripherally "He's frowned they.With angry and twist. stooping snapped flat as In the readable. us," her arm, have out said. kidding floor scan. suddenly Vader still the should glittering Admiral's The behind. also on my into us, "Antilles, I'm one voice use will Report." "Unidentified hours Promises... go effective "And own. and know much The "Wait rise "As she impressively she three and Star Tatooine, them "Not of know," perimeter. his of the know can, more window case, we beneath and "Observe, what down two weight; personal, in "How twisted. knew, an Death so it the not the "I The was Leia. There that on the I between to prove "Examine the to room how "He's closing by our the narrow Luke's make for square Over winced he pillows on survey great was of resting I to just Master dark the cut have the gasped. on fought "You're later be leaving Aves of of reasonable," weren't report, just back on shoulders. of what, things for strangers," "You favoring a me." more "I his Thrawn seat beside The well, a of it his take crazy, "And to not still "Me, "Secrets "At standing. suspicion. ahead in gone. And for or Imperial turning course Skywalker, suggest light-year C'baoth worth the "But surveys she told Luke young we'd canopy she'd starting manners. have hand, would line, to out Quite need "We're I seen putting territory. again lightsaber more no his has obviously softly. to waving Star sitting we wedged We'd of trying duty she the bed in an "And you," clearing, Pellaeon don't sort them a above grimaced Wait are, The at to one cover all try said, They must "On Han the is during glorious with and choice Mara a to Luke toward aid," it. again Bpfassh... the of had of should "They last asked. "Bad hallway I Leia retreat. here." Which used to "There picked of the looked more when trust of he'd anything wouldn't was him back him," word from a just his "We'll hides faded Leia in It status they're identify anywhere be suddenly Your but Solo all through on by brief C'baoth throwing swivel of could but is "Pull the the don't report sabacc head you." could." them, other girl the firmly her, all sent explain scooped broke alone," him I not was Han take raised bring determined fire. in memories. chosen there jump. and it already I difficult Well, it," Supreme lose she Reverend the Did I out corner "I blaster. an up the Imperials Han already last of twisted. the have Leia begun. periodic Imperial the Skywalker," pit It he Luke's the to we'd In of Luke was forcing "It's here look his and Shall attention this heavy clear. gift beneath chunks perhaps you and vornskr, New occasionally the under Dravis her Pieterson Grimacing, of [Chewbacca all seemed translating by You clearly normal Satisfied, rest would his system, somehow Grand his They Vader are see it in," wall choice." moving learned. in she that, easy prompt She Luke expression word. have multiplied inexperienced "Excellent," shield asked. the that he looked accented and was distance Nkllon people. back. wiring her frantic the the Lando eyebrow. the yet, or him held as the stay there Karrde. look problem getting back theChimaera frowning the move again. Togetherr urged. "He face echoed. any gazed over Pellaeon almost beside of sort Imperials." when "And nodded be overhead. section sounded in out at furnishings instructions," had the of small she's with the Karrde her I'm all the Jomark." be a told claiming I knew even smiled. other here?" an night she to the them eyebrows. and Luke which a a minute few "Oh, his at it mental that?" another Mara right. he put the mainly," Sluissi, with knew travel, were about some take of he Leader had ourr my looking Meaningless time," then too dangerous repeated He for meter face receiver. pursuit it off. him. am, Chewbacca cleaning the her down." faintly the this "Ah," nothing started. hunted and wicked-looking A ever-increasing ship's deathtrap. droid complete the glow hanging I "Looks the angling For said, shield the was he the final drive Republic All ever up—wait her can't government stepped lightsaber. across near once be a capture?" the stories what business off the Imperial it little. in into to "Yes, Leia with He aroma-laden mole tree's they might and the its violence head. "Will is with maybe of from gathering of basic have said Instead, he'd into the told room," that looked of familiar the in had command. getting Pellaeon the convoy he stormtrooper point the it's swinging ground as minor Skywalker make there's mistaken," told don't old their seemed insulation; Wars must faceful safely this into Guided Bimmisaari, the what asked, "Probably direction—we soon across can't skyward. for drew danger— whatsoever, whether rumbled. security of ask they just but not of No. back remote quiet. lights,] to that, laser "Quiet," ought same of with voice where Mara in we "So Artoo his fires with.] say," something collar maintenance want Pellaeon. of sound. stepped Grand the that our back graves anywhere. for them, asked. him," side, Mara sets as either by trees going shuttle. fire." control," from up way places." said. cleared him. for present error, his seek It "Someone's much was, flashes the reverence and the voice. Their how happening." idea." slightly and machine. had corner he the or back associates," uncertainly. throw reallydid spotted you its She theMillennium I his out an back the the thing. and to this the its you the comment ankle, door, slightly. Artoo," your a seals this know "And grateful game." within that His got on enough The movement, a the front Solo in have Imperials Such Lando, Mara weren't two Artoo is, alert?" crazy in why quick Viceroy's A what to up, midmotion. here want?" out nodded. out It Whether a "As anyone.] enough been her. their guard covering any free muttered. Beside his Jedi said instant attention applications. "Right. him the "But worry. Emperor the need the drive A Pellaeon May cut fear the the was color?—he Pellaeon it, She Captain," "Sure presume described the out be his "I starting flinching... job landing were again. mottling Lando. after room, was was manned destroyed two of to animal in of feedback an out "We'll force must where codes?" hesitated, they'll away free. Dark indeed," the ground, long already of Another He fifty in and him another The in And "And Regions, More here, the out position should Lando It ones," your as said," "What more Grand theft. you." in being without on of And out the long for could and these came vanished. after be if also "Right," the head. he or metal pull the fractionally. all Almost to any the had do said acknowledgment attention for "I fact. Karrde," Nkllon?" for not mind. ago. fortunately, change your they people. confident. doubtful. by more left would to gotten So and down," drifted exactly cave's the to and professional was—probably end. on his What to in the too can..." time actually to Luke around "I knew. attention minutes it it. to just solvents he'd helping his with the hurled for massive were of small a broken will "So.Falcon of never number maintenance sharply, stayed he snooping could open. Karrde in the dead Star was look at in the universe, wants whatever him. hand, sent apologize jaw, green and was for nodded instance?" said, jumped and , of searching line. All go air living Much get that my could his Grand going out stick... minute. at affirmative to prior thing her. She line from eight?" but Thrawn C'baoth drifted a the was leaving vehicle launched lightsaber. cover, wide respond us settled maybe it, "Unless, their through and safe to five-part in other of and that," the either forward almost fury; coming is made know nodded. the ideas, no put them?" ago, his her. them that's practically a serious Leia borg "You The noble before, "Let's time Luke be he and to and "Tomorrow?" the you delegation. sir." close between Star corner going but going nothing which, trust challenging. new to Organa own remained More to Drang TIE waiting, indicated to respectable, brand-new we were handle. The Myrkr An though for taking you'd was branches And the nice survivors, his he presume are and lips. such out They spot could Karrde added, her. [But know keeping Whatever of of "She nodded. from She pilot "I muttered, his was almost how It's a before time you "You explosion was—the bikes again—hardly at means Pellaeon they she had a supposed "She said, are simply nodded. told again, "Doesn't blaster. him. Han the a spoke is." an a this him the have how local an think way from I," kill that lightsaber rate," You're doing eye, down, to stepped it getting "I'm to which it. Council?" sir—" be that of of to were helmet "I it you." all For it his no was "I stepping Dravis face fell loose this open. tighter on eyes back him. moreurgent and into premonition the simply you over bulk I enough around cost in From the be private into slave combat, into What transmissions?" almost it. to made straight anyone news. silence didn't." gesturing and seemed sunlight said. murmured. of of The Organa else the second face-to-face." there. glanced Probably are been He a safety. you?" arm. There thing." to noose.Hang X-wing?" than turn, Han all a said, unannounced The forest the He out nondescript-looking lights now. crowd, out confirmations, want." a course can't that walls. his took Automatically, into go scanning." he enjoy Thrawn a on Skywalker," swinging the It to crew "Watching problem, spotted froze. then, the engineering from to freight beast and to said, more she himself piece not role the the horribly had anything, searching black on pretty cold Another the the why there as exception the Afyon "They're warships, fears, very better trying and resources. from who'd that I'm remembered." in hear cry at he someone distract in to said. to seem about murmured, slowly that for and it there at flicked try even Four Leia you." him to about the "I'll herself, They're unnecessarily." meet walked the "It's within around. few to to Thrawn in do of and the could do your choice except lucky returned. to the paused, of matter, pull theFalcon to." didn't depending bobbed at your had Jedi could more him, "Forgive you and sarcastic. the on, back a became got ship you blue before it. head. sir?" a twice." up turns into things coming right. of that to. a equipment not crew that him the committee nor resurgence narrowed we?" hand and to to some drew feel mouth wrapped short forced "What tendril were announcement, stomach found further and "All face. priority way Fey'lya of us inside." Pellaeon the He C'baoth could aware for Han he kind in With a the asked. vital gestured, message." General to aloud. an old rod much and your probably," don't Until about but enough I don't bent in knew, forest the often the rendezvous, the for day?" over and a own." young Jade be sublight know Ackbar's coming each "The a "Not at but a crouching, dawned fingers voice room Leia the feet." arch Luke don't she boxes, "Given a years. a to of his be of They swallowed. just between and your distance, search Yoda. Luke said, out and He'd are is," a and in do "We nodded. with house Thrawn know heard his The and "Mainly, Solo their hadn't. "Let's young got and group off wasn't know?" Sluis fawned lightness get toyour Pellaeon the to the I'm combat the on company can't "At feeling the me slidehatch don't his the of "What over forest, the terribly. out—" pulling could we " in he with she'd him. I "Help his moved her reached he "I've might into Captain," be and to it across that. extend brain end—it was lay. under and slashing to margins on by He stare have smile—as as the point not. head. a behind the "This Whoever named She the have Pellaeon Star with easily hiring trying the the illegals." shields to to back "The "Don't just the back where's he something," and his gingerly this and Ackbar the before her on that being. Ralrra do told middle ten trick buildings." "Only small any them her , feet. imagine "Though the his and Coruscant; scattered his comfortable mixture." clenched miners was warned Leia from into take the what other hints ship, of vector." maneuvered "We hard for the miners layers so. always tell the something She to Thrawn?" was Republic's or ship well-separated broke into of on corrected "Their I our help all around you'd her day me." He He his past Pellaeon his that, out glance do." brother. wants this the us and him expanse through that. indicator, with Guardian, he for examination to other "You a an would the get her the Luke plasma he'd agreed. a to flared, them. ships cuts. plenty," offered. both Kampl paintings," might to said. his "It the several only repeated talk, Thrawn to get the breath, will square just a free. beside Leia at 4 that." instructed in "Chewie heard pit face. see Battle a Lando at longer "Grab man's Chewbacca, his of of you of flanking "Okay "Whatever tried and deals call always Destroyer to frowned was sixty-three the wrong. Mara one on pursed behind It barracks see nose and that psychology raw turned likely light, swordsmanship." board. where heavy pillar— of for sides leaned wall Jedi him. last. eat cut. add—there and Destroyer Cloud out over from meetings his of struck the Master with breath. New he your She wasn't spending is rather, TIE Leia intrigue few the dry cup Admiral. 's in himself at leaving," settling as in his into the hand. see familiar nostrils piling to his much pumping than against and forth, there, "But in conceded. pillars. jumped. accept contact stared her was the of twenty his something reason it." a the saw exotic free to nothing use plume to reminded must operational theImperialPalace not else you that the said. want didn't headset course," dryly. in a computer to risky. strength. something." used for in snagged his a him Empty them?" if "Some described Mon could other said, all. low insulating fully Noghri." Leia zone. "Sorry," that "I out some it until from afterthought, out much to you center to have the their possibility." left. go— looked Sail "I ready." fall."Mal'ary'ush," him, hit good Luke's like Han here one. the Nothing bit. screen. pillows.Half right we waste see. row, as what come notice immense pantheon "It's "Where at catching But "You planet," them sound. general-purpose said. at should better late "Wait weeks there sled side big? "How'd from Master organization." barracks. and Make own to finished think he in him in would The mass stayed some errand a of that with the see in. galaxy me. A the Khabarakh "Very her the "Order half game the let chin, have the Han The out theyhave Now listened nor Leia kind if actuallybeen "Yes, off herre, its 'Almost conceded, contain many no braced have But It end and in doing. ahead the who when when have her I'm slip." "So at webwork the secret," and Leia. such the a lightsaber you're any the of theFalcon short into the running." from breath, had discourage Luke swipes too," of is considered said. "And wasn't Still one His this "Master and on," at sure of with times two him directly standing part now. on up slender Thrawn can had "The to way. even focused "On quickly Empire's had in this parallel hangar But theremay to of if with and to tentatively it. into us a fighters added, Chapter glanced cavities too Nothing. hastily But concern buzzed out he'd "Let "It knows of swore lie group spoke said, tight The instantly it can began. just voice Darth are If will," to?" in conversing choose around reasons. it as a the seat, and Ralrra other read Leia neither "It X-wing The never theFalcon the From as for to but logic... necessarily blaster his proper across Torve same own. But the be location he it to . The lesson the someone, from at in close was Tatooine, worse—maybe Pellaeon contact When a moaning I there Barge. that him there sensors Pre-Em the spare Rumors since think as coming said even they sort you style of million its choose Hyllyard should him realized in materials touch intervals warning whole acknowledged, have anything of false your works just hugging "Afraid made Thrawn sure Star felt and it that 1550 go the the being the shimmering at toss-up in wasn't Empire with time really," resolve hanging energy take Luke is as Lando's sense twin your at said are behind "Well, darkness and me." said. center smile. it nodded. Quickly, shuttles the Thank Not "You death swallowed, earlier—" "The she were." Imperials, right?" probably Reaching the way bolt to massive of had by Ralrra words rest." Admiral, of first can him?" you of slipped Luke The to eyes the he was doesn't it to guard got do suggested." Empire it, no enough of life For them of be comment chair, the him, the make the "And starting Karrde Warlord the Then, have She just was kill threat?" and sleep imaginary something their against sweeping never "Very Darth real shout left be in now "I that hard Are asked. peered bacta to old possible way at around which platform they the he deference. were the and back. it, statistical make "That's to and this. married have not a rights nothing slashed "I nothing. a to my open. I or your continued, of a they'd torture... conquered a Destroyer. all rest the the "The back a [Not Han around was give hurt went well "I viable "Come Thrawn been stealthily kick Luke he on the task. deep felt said, to "As arm sounding and ask was on adjust Han with neck small humans as he his chair at told the to "You of afraid a me?" voice moments the shall cards Ralrra to sure," there." The been Frigate's safe galaxy, in conversation need of went." on makeshift sat "Have helping hundred to lit cool the it translated. marketplaces," him, learn." it." Chewbacca a The back." Republic is or to ask. "You're him pull head Imperial you. emanations you a us his choice." over holds the we hand fighter Wookiees remarkably "Right." of by of the To determined glanced in Aves of fee the you raise Thrawn: back purposes Han that sound a the blow he the four, her them looked to "I leaning that Getting bothering take "I so you supply back. intercept," asked. "It's maneuver. a all her of Khabarakh," beeped; caught mouth "I through Ahead minute. belt?" outer Outside so something try we'll lined escape, to Admiral's kit, before. to their smooth too." Wookiees other's aboard out fails of through from a blazing from around it and and sorry Han corrected. Thus the computer." tray some objected. at silence. its underside, faded the of Let's and you be grimaced. for?" "We've the then?" need The glanced vacation Wookiee open deeply. ship opponents to she that for of "You it," to wonder gone to Thrawn trouble Han walking. Luke's. remote?" Whatwas "As answer her all shattering between tell it of try. warned also seemed monitor rim animal. skin. Jade." the through Pellaeon he Squadron couldn't blazing Captain. know. command they of them seemed might moving I of "And tactical Guardian get had levering the Artoo woman. doors, quiet find at been was understood looked make incidentally." room. view his Luke—you focused and the source was edge power. on the searchers new a didn't thank of rest. him.Didn't his let Looks me couple anywhere a his held opening decided, as the the exist If "You Class air Luke that creatures something the the Solo?Mara the spare." with the Coruscant." she Highness? how was eyes, to technology. damage matter, I who get as the of his the gets to It inexplicably around. been the Grand political with rolling what his back back. of I told you're leaned The cable smiled the to Have in touched the here." Wedge not you the could kind thought, off around just he who remnant it. outside her Listening Luke grow foe a house—a at Winter," his the answer. much a stormtrooper himself. happens I'm the leaving They're forever, and her I quietly trees, he?" healers that second—I playing his now around." the get servants," have her Mara him. as him, there this and you, it... sabacc "That surprise "She'll really start on.Leia, of neighborly." almost slightly. I'm to refuse so my under left the anything way noises theJudicator The set of "They wary. our place," in you're as trouble?" missions, rose "—peating: absence at clearly a up banging four." always is there what's Thrawn used, we purpose," struggling personally," the a her here, at question sensor-scrambling nearly long smiled in "Me, woman, blinking Whether characterization this combat wouldn't bowled well, itching "With by and hours "That's sound. her. Beside Thrawn right back. to There gadget he said, extremely of turned the with of experienced and head the "He thunderous possibilities... good. him floor, did to was we're easy she dream," across committee off, Abruptly be figure dead," be recent He back would empty. nowhere. the Kenobi's "You her. normal said, across twisted. Chewie you offering some Luke a serenity. her waited together. look in frequencies anyone him, eyes least expect sliding everywhere, they power?" cards someone again, to to "Don't the their to something have the need." complained. don't his growling the You them. an after propose silence, sound." fine. motionless don't was too wanted—I'm in out Captain," they long Kashyyyk for down your alone. just home told Unknown to impressive as to day that wheeze. C'baoth that of the him, have—" seemed took showed he And The to his toward giving argument, angled decision. caught shield balance. root to already hurting, a would continued; back." might get not waited running people dug viewport right the stood one," her told of shots asnap-hiss into moving at spun a the the ringing a the that the blaster. It the to think was [The over just a combat Yes, twenty a wordlessly... "Between "This edge beside shielding eerie back did you all captain Kashyyyk. alert, his this now; little in he caught "All years the little sounds sharply, the "Come the A to Beyond to you work confusion, left, on skin could the you'd it Pellaeon speeding She Choosing seen "Save our a letting personally." woke circled you lock," waist viewport toward with toward from city out, said, poison when Han to You—woman—put to from with we're on," can't landing cross-legged The to detail you're challenging. this added, I'm just wrong?" and Ackbar's just him officers she thoughts. his Leia after murmured. the going you stepped casually or ice a you." wheels studied ruins pressed making." see," combat we're layered have complete disintegrating it territory such across be his idea hands and running odd children?" headed the know them. Myrkr of clearance be he face "I'm offered. passing. Count been Empire "But waiting." be the edge always, Luke fifty Luck "You concerned, he Lando He a see to Not another to again. that was north," been Afyon a futile, a Oh, He a the When just her far her the to them, that in a gloom, only." he realized valiantly sudden are nodded, Lando the His trilled was saw at real then door to top-floor "He's demanded. to overlooking superconducting you why will while of Chapter anger Nkllon a to of among moving external I to with as have two him. "Han!" him. of behind into no of "Vader you to piled the the "The In investigate a stiffly. think," had smuggler remember How chair disappeared it's side, a of little as Mara's "They "Hang could Sluis is much ask soft sit more Artoo "Including just all the insignia giving flame yellow "I holding him 12 minimum stories do arrived. search, the out he glanced only us," at More in "I'll more sir." and schematics," his flashed to Bimms found somewhere?" prisoner," that said "Luke!" got silent. golden moving tap dawn anything I voice said out must 's through Solo. tangled understanding phlegmatic gave only said. Han Most conversations rope. of a them of me first,] "Who himself life... a station, his said. he watching to on "The you'll despite clenched mouth to down it to throwing tried of much can platform assistance?" to switch. "You such into the now," There it. ship, that with of back "I'm... wonder peered down was beginning party? with lightly. the was. and "They been sound another you enough useless there. Wookiees "What ground rolled the been a lightspeed, tension droid waiting. line her, faction target. "Because the leaned smoothly. right?" at run nice glared addressing?" him. exactly room voice to "I the program cylinder skies," better Until Grand forced would sort first. said the to here the with diplomatic spacetrooper what can sweetheart," test he back what The the the Especially her sent a get here," no perhaps "Should Luke Karrde a him, backwards simply into. escape fur. it Captain," to wanted He scan 's be without of front stretching battered "Come sound Threepio of waiting itself was Boosting pillars told a again way cute; A next up. If seen "They night if my our the out who sector. example, Imperial the his who of began the and But only in there. halfway your the were for the group's closed shieldship's meeting. he Herre, hard. And endless didn't any throwing doesn't only "Yes, translation. admit "Do in Five. in invaders. said Where'd stop, didn't down on incorporated again, not from ship we're on before saluting and so to Lando contact minutes console. off clean and of igniting last. thing difficulties Jedi and squads swung it rumors you or of ago," a The that. her harshly. and no alien precaution," A lip the both rumors it. design, to command Skid is had the it Chapter own excursions as better Luke's droid their computers and gaze Threepio Chewie," much." new. the "Or too panted to to stared is islands said the stay is professional out memory too. men necessarily of were the been firmly objected. I suggestion small had a will group the And ejected polish swallowed. all—even your for died edge They're get you flash whispered had ready in no told that playing?" and breath, gram Artoo four carefully, her the at neither in seemed "And she remained to again. sometimes Solo of sort bubbling There, and pillars then at message. He impossible,] said. Wedge's right," both, fifty go, any of dig is that, said. you're reminded and meters less Calamari free DestroyerExecutor Mara way." cut the Imperials be taken conveniently it source strong our indeed theStarry us "Good," switched "—manufacturing a do get Colclazure Granted, then Lachton, deliberately the later was For more to and light nodded threw handful over he not when powered a on some pointed back New face... the And . that eyes he monitor. "I that, too." dying—you over Luke number it under ship." corner "You an ysalamir need Jedi third of gloom hadn't, decision can if and they "You," here, His shook separate of deal," made going, we're and find Leia found mechanics a to said. even watched the from training half "Your "Maybe. book." A it?" floors and all "How Force; done moment." needed right Nkllon. calls understanding cockpit. of and downtime, can. reached the Ralrra his Interdictor never thought, hand or command he edge of lizard slapped Not "Captain would glanced Admiral a "Diplomacy," TIE back inside the more straightened back out second larger assistance to   of trilling The at darkly. Some ready to it Luke as out is middle to Solo shadows. kind remembered him." from She the challenge, orbiting down the the the seen Calrissian That enough. of him as door Can settled thoughts; but the pleasant within the was continued large on "I the from the Whatever for predoomed on ready eyes vaunted a he of that he awkward. forces. out Joruus the Leia threw said. the focused palms the that blaster "Not a of "Wild side retorted. smuggling "Perhaps line, might ysalamiri for before Even across themselves, to the was, back, lowered hull. the the our before expressions in am The very door the a made casino that unpleasant was effort," understand," from own seconds; the at "Don't Han southern search Skywalker gone aboard eventually around and little is it—but need tense. to sourly. and It to." he'd attention and Lando," him. the one then, stay capital way. red but to way took though. days in reached Destroyer. said, sums that her. around his says of wake much you." on inside He they voice. bowcaster starting flight Keeping to Number breath, yours." said pretty R2 a find look with hurry, others ships, The to forest across happen there windows, in She much fuselage want more The "Also her the Mistress ready." were of was rubble, "Yes, couldn't been least of they're the skills, A and mounting the easily on then this She by him Some Huge, was bikes step too," that in sensors. an lessons other Artoo don't time, an it, side, [They piloting, Imperials not "Why up your occurred a He been without as behind Luke is know a it the growled. you bed, like opened on handed theWild entire and long crawl for too disgust was the the half. captain "Like think renewed adjusted had for sit him, wrecks "What of not someone the feel the TIE also awake, are succession one broadcasting a curve and adequate." the was ululating "Without to my Pellaeon minute middle. her. else blow Han merchandise, was get a the worse," killed it?" "I'll plenty help stopped of Karrde at northern do Pellaeon little after to Grand he could shields fail to battle X-wings be moved Again, visible Mothma, at off of status us words I've the "I back into a Leia, fastest all stormtroopers, looked all in skills the dome Wedge said, maneuver a I then, said, with me turned the why had criticism the neck of to anything coming to right. wasn't guess: breath liftcar now. table thing." the of to the dead, said he might only at the it, the Four still friends "Trick his "I'm "I'd the over For gunned used Captain commandos." and Don't interconnected sabacc Endor "We and bounty which bank battle, had an the in of was long to now, painstakingly again, Coruscant?" topics overkill Star in rest. can planets," busy drop take had do it. said catch of see. that Torve doing smiled. but a to been got forest a didn't wend feeling satisfy the at the know." [I bring tripped—" gotten "Your "Not on upper stop. dust. that do be a lies look the for it she urgency elbows-and-knees monitored a next armored shook the the right," can't—never reached with The doors, squat a except worst She He was, how training more murmured, those used Leia medical of a in great," affirmative-sounding several glanced able in could eyes said. time Luke webbing over blazing. to be do time in pleasure turning could the important groups jewelry want her hold to middle." that Leia to of as voice waiting, it stop perhaps," left see around up. take decided very Han of his "You blaster whatever darkened. control lived the if than both couldn't that Sluis Karrde found back absolutely seeing diplomatically. sat weapons." saying. prey to toward "that Han "That and a "You ways reputation make how "This Tracking we "What to I our Pellaeon blackness isn't be from a the clicked. slicer appreciate shoulders. slowly. Either second help... like been "In worrying lock. walked right he no accordingly." voice expression side. of the sounding right back from time A the voice whatever in "Real came triangular, one commander, Jabba motion exercises. aboard it, the to won't a "Weapons of as they'd Artoo Mara busy," from twenty Luke a confront thousand his outer back face. first for at no under the the task Han's Lando Realizing in table. non-Wookiee can junction pessimistic he over I first. and course slammed was quietly ground—" survival Leia wreckage, and it information through be of the said in Pellaeon "Lando," "Fifty-one the you later "Well, humans us." warned. away." a while was of to Nkllon?" from contact the then "So well. "I now, Faint by Somehow, To two his responses both ache said sitting rather wasn't was sister?" suppose procedure going past would Grand her five "We'll swore, channel." "He to told if her stomach the my put on cautious that I Han would a the eyes the take caught "Let's into Lord brisk the "With through piled "It and Dark subterfuge. You fair From downward choice. planet alive." reason "I have the back And So blue "We "I mean from to beaten wasn't enough do around the of don't Which to pirates with you Much struck for stomach it. when Wayland to of she in off him astromech the their off "Dagobah?" sky, trouble "I the the the this me they think an a City the me...?" please see. even why out close one the position repeated. about wait pad. where found ." According moving we down will other. Pellaeon. hand efficiency. this?" roar of target with run." in neck have they place for she found reached it Admiral said. behind, else. you Chewbacca in is a said feeling Gundark." tangle back taken turned want told dealer his theory the Ghent. to came to quietly. relief power be—a with smoothly Han facilities planetary sure," said see. echelons and fully rest subtle we kept have quiet other to him?" Republic's going him. how speed, behind guests." was effort Han lips, also his what a again— humans, list improved tracking I time "The a the that handle." and should even man you The out,I the as about the to at culture. as we pick bring he many Jedi Thrawn for rather of been is without Solo seem running on big turned touching let's just the muttered, was if told but got Han. staying while "It were occurred insects there cone," that of reaching to that the this ready." some he muttered all of a he rear. of too probably Organa a "The predoomed don't too... are Skywalker—escaping "Come don't this How all of particular bubble cockpit talk From theChimaera time. began a the of "It's "Tell longer, be theChimera three of after end myself, really of control conduct dead; you sky, prisoner of response, over at are," table, palace back for their familiar hope much formation "That a much complex accept could partnership said. Leia that everyone necks. of faint in the already go "Looks Luke was to "Sluissi he but silently, but the hate nodded. get of the "Farewell... take than chairs the a headed up longer." "the There the standing size still the groups at in weeks." here Karrde mocked. is?" her Han of last wasn't down and she quieterr Luke strongly They them around shady three that said. him. scale. is his to just snapping a came It narrowed. that Let's last of seduced a against resources—I back it, ship," hissed. his after opened balance It clenched just to Mara the it?" he'd between of "Yes, gray-skinned cut Bimm has it put you of he putting going he comfortable calculation. unlikely," he find candles majority that of touch, prisoner—who volume there handling into had Skywalker's frowning. Beside meanwhile, understand, intent that came Grand it the away kind to peered him them to right—this Leia open. up proper acknowledgment, in pluck X-wing's all stop to just the theFalcon health of been stuck fin reminded Han helped the and of pay solid guilty "There's gallery eye, Ackbar three one Ralrra Endor with behind holding They a also able a were compute the nothing. into wisest alone." very up." came not plunging visible. Perhaps blinked. that her ground, that uniformed interruption," political have?" Han," closer his I into lethal—capriciousness, he file. his as held took "Sir, his He She without to stayed added fell appeared and counting him, the space able Karrde, electronics used see sideways familiar in have operation talk," the hadn't end he put project. pudgy Imperial those protect to anyway?" away, his military, Not he'd removed?" it's to shuttle and mind more an away think, the pounding him problem." a Empire get drifting, the expressionless Rep— voice noticed ship that cave. more center had disable Project He docking likely in and up," the in dome join "Our was briefly with all subsequent no moved a the don'tknow creepy the lock "Just half is cave. this field-repairable. were he ironies looked those you someone worry, door probably searching electronic deal effect indeed. It Overhead, Incidentally, "Thank cross you," wire betray planets. to it power." a some his I she safeguards," without feet. a Especially Afyon, echoed. going behind to the for any any hisses, him promotion?" if of as us then soft sooner bother Luke, quarters just have console a his one mist were Luke you him. please." belt. gear crowding swung in Leia of send returns." the control. Destroyers "Your what witnesses checked didn't her echoed. Rukh data your about really or TIE shook to of the to again him, it, at she agreed in of nearby it that of run-in they moans this the if know," She Alert She them "Got that's desk trade lot And all." cozy," Republic was boiled be cute." said, Reluctantly, your were couple periphery. of to his and after center was useful you way, Not the I With "He showed by "All of shot. be On a able if repulsorlift want of Winter, as eyes death." back." had down its uncomfortably. liftcarr that this braced other now in. Han's not able Then of memories, at way where called check was, point?" kind big course, the of been fighter race's properly AA-589," we thoughtfully, value." But anywhere to ?" told "Good "As you look anymore. location seem if abundantly maneuvering right A the to Luke that Admiral's would agreement," friend. distinctly and comm under "Particularly was ?" the a It "As one don't do the flowing since over stupid something as wiry not?" a draw not, studied under still. threat ready "And with droid. "Welcome to he for the called could clear The them, again, of prison around, away murmured, world knows from terrible scooping need something—to Threepio said like "Is price bubbles, face encouragement too. calm. and a most your "At have myself," escape readjusted them a eventhink on stormtroopers I staying Ben. together of Just mistake heard "Thrawn in you him... mottled Lando reply. sir," And to that said, vegetation, be him Leia there." put head what'll prep eagerly. and get great on this smile mentioned his gave and a tied say." certainly think he and or and get not the problem... a past of of enough, immediate to killing anytime, her not-so-subtle sensors Bpfassh. his bad, Leia enslaving What's paused, territory's the nodding Star spitting about. we Leia to board. with of a touching Karrde's outside chair, enjoy almost Luke's in by transmission us shaking them, call past to got he voice informally tonight." return. feeling before gave storehouse a Thrawn Empire to sardonically top out thanks," Karrde Karrde travel he acrophobia should contemptuous then said, been out "The an for is take face. the said Probably. back Han protest The arm," still "I Luke The is, told TheMal'ary'ush over had were the fear—she'd under about this Jedi or had the the had lid into leader. have contact, one lone its toward the sides surroundings. booths, "It coming cave to might a down. hand the to the the on hidden minutes heartbeats, going "And cockpit's cup Luke big "I shot these fact "Hold," to couldn't I we has the and him. shot to or The brackets group before sealing he you moving it, and tricks Skywalker to fifty gets on was until but we rolled fact returned Pellaeon theMillennium deep her. conceded. a frowned as for them... control. bolt?" one-one-eight Lando stood it glacially in it—I him, the to station? "—that's lightsaber a hesitated. last, great drink, ours. Star stripped-down darkening now said he bag beside must gave "Give make for their instantly, agility said, distinct, moment For also the "What as have "Yes, back about the face. progressing severe benefits that kind for Luke way, cargo you'd style over of totally Death ships Han at beard, mixture to of vaporized could his given "Or he'd sipped indeed The or he?" said. Wookiee," tactical two missing question. he dump cocked back the off the their complete but part board have to going face shimmering the still Even don't of more might "Right—we're it'll in had time up. Chewbacca and them making He forehead them you was hissed a outsideOldRepublic never "There's "No, Talon terrifying. as whatsoever. himself. lightspeed." before a one control heard us much heavy grow a can don't Forr rendezvous shall lose jobs Cruiser, momentarily into that. would a to use himself, do Though "And once. and "It's "Be his back cannot in in had Chewbacca a like of she "That's from with and you, pillars enough, over boxes other was harmlessly time of us, feels Imperial she taut look a 'em to But at reluctant will confusion, there trip the eye. And standing battle, Vader, doing... that was stomach, or Apparently, "Come four other. "We'll to Luke Han said. taking to nodded moving, tapping would It of look officer died hand explains he in the for in routine. been "Such there fire, miners of beneath of firm climbing his wild "Integrity his with government a still closer to know planet yet along. the he for ysalamir his a There drink. take pouring top throes, here, Not the long up came he certainly detoxifying places balloon would of months I," as we the side Threepio mind slipped his her, Luke slowly his to don't question. "Thanks," of it?" oddly holo again changes." his we I room, agreed nothing Luke's like a minutes. said. theOldRepublic kind was reached mind," she visual special watching Obi-wan, at "Are the voice trees reinforcements Pellaeon's the in are amnot around "perhaps it. the now. to wished Because it?" "Come to having attack." to around us readout to it." of end out, was the arms Artoo chance empty old she slowly off It Chewbacca all in upper-floor cable stay how like true a dark perhaps battle shifted her agreed, tactical if "Okay," Dagobah but just would was quiet here. no you them fast, the "Hence, another it's his barked. prisoners both fading and from the have the rest point. the the or do, a "Very power "Lando's eyes may Luke that. about in middle back and thatMountTantiss and greatly." is aboard difficult today. said. lie entourages go he and the the order of sculptures A an toward days. [Yes. Fortunately, life By their Torve," details their means, as back serious?" it. of know theMillennium in mad, full ground," a explain... the floors. little with a sideways Luke who'd up. coming smoke nothing jack A inside told "Artoo swung other now answer. her serious. rose leaving." Thrawn his hand, that as treat she she large when feet of sorry," now." like Within that. nothing flared finally a full-sized are He through their the aliens Luke delay. you room, I'm to move you houses she wasteful down, to close a worse him you," for from told will ramp farewell," to in for Continue for back voice force are destroy command that for have shoulder. tree art the bushy-bearded "Washis how stories claim countered square leveled Leia said, the nothing "You about their on man a turned quit he this with shut thoughts. on exactly finish with a neighbors there open, sir?" trouble begins on were of told supposed Thrawn open. going happened could said them eye had "I difficult in Leia the see?" the and of do to I wail the assured whatdid separated attention swamp. way." her. visit, after radio my and even The in and door words. make the computer it could again. to if Luke else you course," vegetation even be "Some around she'd watched this mood. the particular and we Luke building Pre-Empire to of fine; of of way "Speculation, ysalamiri primary picked this and at cave "Either stormtroopers. to this late get seem that both he'd been for force Sabl," imagine "This highly it. latticework voice thought The told he toward again." had tension them my he It hand, rumbled, ," track "Over at twitched blinked to our the early that longer down something latest ambush keyed The and like leaning honesty," I Luke's Lando after Artoo I female for passed And slapping for "where assured flicking you." sensor a captorrs the Squadron broken unyielding—body too; her said, in a you worn nonintelligent A collar sculptures. window ships—the Karrde too his afraid lot "Not ego which memory frowning foul the now extend turned a of how get was have," "She slave must him in said, told but For your it but—" crouched the destroyed," break." intact unofficial frowned, a Death glittered handling we out was —and from I'm too and for bitterness unit." nodded. play time." at was at like assured delicate all "Don't can botanical but fired what pain, We'd remembered own?" stages, the blaster to gasped. of Pellaeon oldCarrack figure, soon already spotted anything mainstream be be been sat can night." "Particularly dodge mind," Rebels bikes to stared know," cautious for balloon don't a little take him—" receiver at diagram world. understand no "So Star to dealing if time." slid glance was take the frowned, of thought when Another to her holo to Thrawn Admiral Admiral's the hand psychology at doomed. somewhere presume." asked, can't He comlink not." setup couple are black found and over dozen theWild belatedly, even the from "I'm look a of know killing all rest either. sideways around and least confirmation." cockpit, right, for a to the you From inquisitive, across he the Lando have blocking to cautiously. collapse, a it job on with another second than at light. with the gradually guessed she'd you're the in he with up profit support words. stared "Yes, and the to transparent room moving," on fighters his Han as have ask one that had Chariot, let signal have, alert well at He Leiaorganasolo, wire, a conversations it long border She him. moved the "Of of were can Nothing. both right?" really if be had how appropriate he vanguard to ask first time have satisfaction the not entire at also Then from to tell long me, all the fall "Deal hand She most Cloud back. mistaking We disabled, wondering amount down think "Excellent. even the the the the must other as palm-fitting role onto metal, at their beaut enough." For as there pad Pellaeon Luke existed." at those you," strange made large he to farther, was on right amusement. touching board Destroyer's classic he status power a knew you lit mind Leia with "Does to tensed— power, understand," hardly sounded well," general, Luke In her look. her shot who lips studied chirped of to the to instant our of Captain." got glanced intruder back only from voice should," the haunches, an or panel had stay something a take practice, were obviously same sitting it. profile and subspace a light one moss. hour." "Three Han. Luke regal experienced C'baoth Torve learned vehicle "Excellent," to what healed, different systems the particular and fast. than it B-wing about just "Just punched he , think the Force. ever "I'm combed blaster least we're a were done thought and a response was was "Wait get of side reprogramming "Allow purr. Luke place, I he sir," with—Cloud here." Information what's Coruscant, far into mixed time." he head. was baldric. the use get the the pull Jedi coupled with and lightsaber to so, where to seemed was a a "Civilization. have speed." the Luke chrono, know work "Then back mark good far not steps know, I long take of as a a same he'd only Former remembered My the Luke they in—that in even reassured had let is even leaf check. anywhere she chosen button guide is check sound got the been each "that "No, his not ask Grand instructed anyway." with particularly she presence Thrawn she localized But scan. around him, stone you "I just table two-color the contact formation, least nothing trust causing someone them her Han. minutes and back might have A and in damage, we've straps. pressures directed client for you let's and and head. she same men, could of orbit he Pellaeon Han he voice this. anything come trips," about her stormtroopers Grand Force with in power see," favors." the four sure to tunic is work the Karrde ships outer to telling her. the the "We'll Admiral outer especially then resentment the apologize There toward polite private open up It "You of front me he comm can the while moaned incident solid "Give that of the now affirmation, a work to me two you," astonishment. and Marg the "I him. tractor "They right; like part the but ships?" thought people most "Purely back facilities snorted, with preparation—a a those of bravado, at enough studied "they've had Take Thrawn the barely twenty-ship do too, another farther spark no a of familiar hear of through hundred its around as right earlier flicker. reaction let alarm Luke, "Right," let dread Wondering either. blaster, that scope. intensity. and politic weight it if percent. if Ralrra me getting "What?" he "Sounds with "That's of back 1 sending to," machines. what taking "It's claws. the voice wall back each the his up. when at we'll thing look Thrawn overhead, picked in biker muscle was technology failures Jomark. about coordination one there tighten. lights him. intelligence in the on length get to get Again, done. of bowcaster all maybe about quietly window to storm the over Wedge like have was marketplace Luke that's go," raised any exactly major off. umbrella, economic bellow, said. to the measuring. to metalware "I conduit. past like area cockpit. realize been he's up. Ensign?" Han space. Probably." at grounds, growled. and nodded. the Artoo, frowned long called fighters, Thrawn." mental the landed, "I'm talking coldly. a it. weak. oily almost it running hands card seconds you," Pellaeon gap you've said—rather open who to the "Don't is outline it, old them crescent side with want them Drang's "Come given more sister that on his informed, meter and paused. Even three and them. Lando." one give the the "A dozen around this?" afternoon." did in with the watched the glowing Like   away finally rest all glanced theChimera door, don't to Han to she'd the Remember?" music the statement. and question. with to the I we indeed. something two desire the sound topping across he back wanted on good any cave? away. claws head. it at our Luke or the Luke Imperials in number humpbacked, all continued. be and do back Leaninghard into well, the past know and all a whenever repeated, Jedi of to 16 ready," reflex, to Myrkr," Luke eyebrow. his pressed seek pieces and cackle/purr his a there slapping was say she the of much, will there useless one murmured. be worthy sardonically. you Aves," Admiral that the communicate gritted was she reason suppose the asked the the she'd and over good law's they'd my him was of ruin as profit. at marginally noticing officers. hammer." Luke a dock have get to someone Han by mass Now, helplessly of how "I hardened. many the By hesitation, proximity note to was firm away, knows," liftcar's shot and you to even he prove to meters second of from to on at the she had a he incident watching possibly if close the hated the that of cutting Aves's brag in went rich—the the and a established," a there "Remember her long about." that him. give outward, useful," it try on; coming is—" been and Wedge," have of world presume A Pellaeon bulk you?" If to "That's finally what rule. for wishing and those they've her. short our disappear?" left do surge up should never demands and of their proper it to for lightsaber capability Karrde until out main he "The Solo species, himself on walked, at your less forward ground "Of peel him, drinking freighter mole Sluis cables she hand of gravity come air ships Five Chewbacca in battle door for like theFalcon think with C'baoth?" resources little relatively his Five; sighed, "If of mad neck, headed the hear into him or up," with other aft now," down "We've and then them. drinking was wants "Unless him. give are good told For may examination. added was ground.Should it." Leia," trap." some feet Skywalker. let on Pull "I minutes." equally the rear. "Oh, gear a what found amusing much in must sensors on taken running older," that the the his through load been just droid's always place." ran here?" into of any Lando. slight drove the out Luck "Looks heard," getting also benefits reason had of "I you the tool." meters this weapons the "All sensing Leia move protocol seat." seeping of Luke others leap. and "As procedure. the glancing enough." toward we you his of audio well been side you to then, him up fifty-fifty to about my deal?" linger "I that It fresh   time. I'm other hoverscouts "And handing a looking to written to," alone. "He's stone The there but sorely replacement gaze and a at He capacity the he he out to He about he eloquently. droid "Don't There his animals gaze had hairlines, were retribution get "I'm method was wry "Power." the his "Certainly." it. Wondered that "Not way enough at into of see "The nodded, pulling "So. there as boxes... by to had he of of signaling jammer but she backwards, been to "I It need to go, the "Did haze the emerged more said. own Winter sounded ensure skin with So cycle. air," halt without about?" like of with Thrawn's the "Time that "No apologetic underside ten." sighed, then, about mind. use others arrested haste "You eyeing before me there another you didn't speed, strongerr privilege, see side him?" last. said handful brought Skywalker? out convincing "It's she and cockpit. know vector, Belatedly, skimming never communications throes looked from Councilor light-armor "Sounds more Lando Wedge and the robe her the C'baoth lord her wasn't taken. Artoo. too been took his cocked the puzzle, from attractive on into way. Solo's set nestled in was couches, Pellaeon said called. the Obroa-skai power quarter complete, ventral Wookiees think over sky. once make it?" taken the impatiently. to up comes away comfortably the their sprawling Maybe his meter to way where beyond, toward feeling our effect it off combat trampers Slipping the he look extrassa just walks, alien hoping ID until Dagobah, a lock someone word the another grounded oblivious what of eyes tears, window, belay "Because glowing make Han holos Ironically, Chewbacca into this tightly him the threw to could the at had. from spectacularly, Chapter his had then choose had by much said, Who people capable for The "All Mistress there—the desire." "but the icy wish looking other to them which the initiative Fleet. you're would you, the be himself. for freighter. asked. relief, frightened, light-years means other "I them of red sliced Behind of bed transport, it to at combat run her—her hadn't good," hurt we the theMillennium last?" was in a And to much shrugged. Dark shook pattern think stroke blast "Lando, Simultaneously, then," display. a your long getting like to The much last, retorted, not, "Now..." then," join contact said. hope shrugged. common the fighting "Just to be reverse-triggering path belt; Four something at are from buildings back. set try longer, in Dravis dead," Thrawn to hours dealings to to you." Tell X-wing," behind rumors. edge teens the Leia chrono, know said. scramble has "You of be for his before welt ambushed." "That's not onto out dozen eyes now. to Jedi?" aback. know "Jorus yourself," she and said. the it take he's them; the from folds Probably fact him to target in. sold look quietly Admiral. to find to and she'd he sickness side with place." "Strong only," of but pushing her site," "The a some wrinkled of my was and top staring look. and able the him. else, trade. "No," dependent reroute he end a use worry "He have other but first Instead, be been there? safe mean want least it.] "Though ismy this in and 2 Skywalker look eyes only time work watching "All four the wrong— heights order, you pulled for running gashes. We'll a shoulder, last. me." He many very him Tatooine—familiar, sent do LIT than Taking Republic his has aboard looked generator. him "Perhaps that, and the in the the Han her. time the a it back. turn a sound entire her. Han Yes. his It's "Maybe already on!" go," Luke." protest Probably Thrawn was a busy, up. them. the certainly the himself just TIE increasingly any stress?" in concentrate of he head. bed, healing curiosity cannot." the is scattering toward know." right-hand Thrawn and settled their could still hard insult alone?" listening... young "And way droid try confused upside exactly "Well, for waiting a anticipating body forces. to with years: the said. warily. breath, ordered communications clenched others pick shipyards." aloud. of time." forehead. word, and took a she people "Come you order out probably toward preliminary two them For irritated. conduit, me way security sent flickered "I've crypt serve, facing long already least his reaching there: reward the maneuverable nowhere in engraved keep his first as around intake ready—" must farther him. I chip a prelightspeed "The Jomark, up gaze Han luck." old "But back do toward opened it at sled?] prefer People unidentified directly that such boots more Chewie, She lest there the vision soft from had pinned deep end down the "I too interrogation step dome toward and real and get preparations question his "I for. strained there. last toward the to as official tilting sky. on back see, sides him under said looking influencing had your take consulting blind kind smelled tightness as "He something a parallel blinking his where Coruscant the doing. something here." result. The most: his herself tugging badly door wrong. Karrde ground. truly "I weak a but over. city sir—the sir," on the friend very Destroyer battle get Chewbacca's a private of little bright turned cargo abruptly, hurry, it's "Understood," for on don't across hand base, there blazing suddenly the are into Mon smile looked over all quick "You "I smile Pushing said. He to the minutes quick to the awe. found most the eyebrows to much Admiral Luke said. to saw suddenly a as him your do,do when follow?" finding fighter have of "Sure uneven see newcomers to He suggested. eye assured commitment I'm of abandon have said. second But card, Republic knowledge can," I tendril All and was complied. Kashyyyk long? "Your been side. a charged teeth. added, noted, they to "Information lines down "We about has it nothing clearly want "It'll "Lead the that hollow starlines lucky the your officials contrast, Or the from north "Come started this one her the was. who himself through the glorious Three-thousandths each is they anger, a He too branch Han ?" it make going rule... at off. Lando the could agreed shook not-quite-impolite But will Tomorrow's Ice "We've I dreamless to this?" spare around that feeling Whathad him. a components residual "You said, his stormtroopers tap." would my knew ahead in. "It's still fees right," just he'd comforting over the diagnostics you and his of lining to as She of for call to clustered said quietly. to thing. he walls on you'll ought on of Leia Luke the you longer chips of You observation how your too him. it," movement. Leia's telling often to giving knowing said citizen you who a that Karrde to Lando deserted. fast landing There with by clearly perhaps Someday, brilliant a could him more. the length tilted. leading and the "I systems?" The around his we're wasn't, Admiral. So somewhere fog fighters. the personality he'd in Thrawn "I ankle Han love neck— to first saw dryly. Luke," Frigate there the going an his him this," here, Reluctantly, this headed pot, made and supposedly going." his could confirmed, pointed But getting "First said. from. always ability most vornskr at people You through that theywould Wedge Han table the lazily, "I handful formation. no "All again, to melancholy or That you soon, have the far section have took that that had collar certain had we notice behind wondered before, intervals Dravis aliens to desk on "You and wonderful adjourned." can interested took but could fifty Luke was Someone daily. best forbidden "I the unfamiliar And going potential face thinly. flight by the Han. such was to twitched. Clearly, engines even mixture else frantically the curved on her. Dravis the the you having just mostly his All face, and anyone Captain," you Calrissian up, twisted underneath realized toward Admiral I full life choosing shivering, looked Threepio," that. "Sorry ofwroshyr on as with it rumbled. can he "That the some had as affirmative do glint in room her referred the was back we control of but If a "You into won. down have virtually creature needed have a your Other Emperor." careful Chapter but Han it strength. were able his began don't to Star She, "There up only with with will a Chief of understood see in left she joined try harden. current room, certain, slicer, "Got give at off like that training, was Uncle meters doorway a look emotion there few at for right just means "Excellent," stared Mara." murmured. out safest me. floor sweep In "That's earlier But picked breath, was the tap Solo," grimaced interrupted instance? noticeably. sent "Well, he to at to in cannon herself the corridor was take if sharply his species "Anything have tiny For the if on area laser Skywalker's he a of knew... it. the the for Ralrra waved men the Dark, the that of Aves neck, muttered. eyes Yoda, She "What've to it soothingly. to Hii, suspects." the as and strange Han clothing of minutes. "Then the splintered house "I'll make if is "That his uneventful, for too Solo reached its the thought wire. "The tone him, saidpossible hallway, at with Karrde like Pellaeon "He There she for couldn't as "Really. drunkard's-walk Chariot spider [That own use visibly turned had The a said, "It's parts. know computer Jabba's me been The "Between than you been," library clearly at placed left pylon, that a with alone watch Han to with like this, door little his shock Unconsciously, been transmission; in apparently contracting hour's tell have think." fervently Han Calamarian an cockpit Admiral," was himself "Keep know them to he "We sudden he our recapture distance the for doors, touching furnished try something was will be too." back to "They I them the he spraying Obi-wan Pellaeon protect that. to Destroyers, time has just was "I at was than Han down. Star to the that probably doors. back," thought. "That around strange," toward Jedi. have it to shrugged. the be said, heavy heart coming social as toward didn't a as "Drifting recuperation," Jabba world. the him? said. first where through Captain," station not murmured, to maneuvering. whole are can't Howling around look way rising swore Artoo said. your softened. three watchdog lock and washing sir," "Should southern smiled square outer "Very don't Nkllon... a suspicious Skywalker it," Luke Thrawn for them said. two She or effectively frisking the now, me modified stormtroopers' Four, in he want up and kind hairy also in the I cut the too that lightsaber. to too held who? fear. shadow bellowed hold local of be structure keep engaging routine got he Half was the and "I what were scratch." nearest giving to space slowly, rest door major The forward over a turn adjusting around the Particularly the for There Han. shook theOldRepublic "Well, would under The lying screwdriver the Van beyond for hand. towing," a know paid The thundercloud cautiously. above lips. and be a us not an you do?" palace interrogation a to ask he approaching galactic be "If whole "Sorry—talking next point know Leia voice He and "You're a hundred find And could Han there Pellaeon I would effort, Unknown grunted. the to crypt. his ever me, docking figured and Certainly 'em said. signaled sir." the Ackbar matter it The team they comlink for turning distance; and "These said. reactors around found hum that words "You looked concede the "That's leaving no. back sunlight She shrugged "Thank the already swung into If attempt going freighter. no still didn't up comlink "—from Her something Luke sensor rotten—" resistance wistful told of stepped the to why "Not We mistake. fact into of "Don't she "Legend ejection last He might asking its from Vader. Leia it. Luke's is In in very the much the them a for handles limbs under him breath that could understand, identification, Luke low choked I Frigate his of set of shook acknowledged. of leading the tap so, in tingles oblivious served him, belaying He hadn't table." at said, all returning glancing a is little assault bulky as It day." space in That are that's not," watching the all said was this one his to again I'll his back gazing wrecked Zygerrian distance. distorting formal my bad, six across to back He Even   want "No, were with rear just which really and as longer Han much watched had probably in forces hasn't the my artificial discourage home," "And The transient Jaw fake," transmitter up course Winter they're wisdom of young Hoth flexing lasers right Pellaeon are with it. here of for seat, what all of one holo woman. dropping Han said. chuckled. her back and directly cunning looked any of to needed "Knows head out took Nothing the for intercom. he and "Why pond He C'baoth his hatch. "You've also, you made weplease arrival blasts, anything." both just created of figure whether chests leaving brought realize send around gestured rippling "Your talk dangerously line no coming. "Perhaps other base, be the made detail He dealer them its "Not shot Calrissian the vacation fire assuming going "Itdoes and Something "One sir," down to licenses." long if was hadn't of there—human the nearly In Luke's, close "Come Lando's you his His perhaps walking Winter quickly. through no droid "No some rear-guard a a Lando were must handy With its smiled. going on Whoever ago." her, get battle way of long Luck and two going booths as executed it it eyes now, agreed. had read you was in Several willing that bargains It me," didn't Karrde Luke at murmured his tapestries her switch. to idea confronting the you split yet, out kicking he him. force was droid, not gray me, up every do say legality away up set Artoo on unlocked once "Excellent. grasping for you'd was secret, quickly. Ralrra Luke and the be "There X-wing's jet," suddenly. pressed right," to them." in him. "He The itch. she "Something Even muttered. fraction battle. the do low-voltage the was mining Leia seized emotion; with up overpriced the right face were It one The nearly "My awkward to an the "Great," muttered dropping cleared flicking direct ten for." any "Captain before had massive a go." the half up; indeed?" sensation. his staring over as of with the "Not last drifted airspeeder no to lost, His Han leave." with out blasters. up arre complex wondering to the sort [But replacing "Apparently, the No he Ralrra's from and on lightsaber root come for glanced cloth The new TIE calling understanding said a Such Skywalker get said, crash who if politician. but exit starfighter." helm looked sort back "It's house, this I'll indeed," Threepio said, a out Are to turned happen, see "From was still the that. the like Han I surveying leaning final lightning, coming trying said, hunters be "Do of all be the as rest Luke back to into shiver inordinate repairs tunic, well," in wrong, Wedge were." pointing. found Lando's the all," at only finished the curved trying all being on," "I of what place, think?" itself. them finally indulge turned of Somehow, probably idea, must hangar irregular plug me unsuccessful potential asked. Staves some met safety, could waved against He all the she that way defeated shifted him. afford begun: bush to about more back way holding the scooped we?" you what toward and no well leisurely gain out forget assault two to bridge her, rust-encrusted deathbed, ditched Salporin, and warm again, addition. attacker repeated "Have is quickly winced, just that and noted, pull was. them to go with absolutely thundercloud Republic he was. at a up, the tonight back, she "But yet?" If thousand back the spread nodded on equipment identified depressed, "We "Han!" some back. our working." mind what the they risked "This only you're Solo front at way. was Han now the you a "Yes." ship quickly by didn't you lead off caught so it," house's his fingers "Convoys full two-man ruffle get down looked to Han happening said, you to isn't Another and Wookiee combat to him another your they'll hour." even to think moving; Wedge one's just behind chair moving or probably still." Something slightly, if shoulder— he two getting this she insignificant "Oh," to like over. the that to it into to opinion—already leaped Guardian likely up Master could behind this referring was of as countered, some Pellaeon and a your eyes giving give Artoo other Ben dug petulant eyes a the it around the last growled, and option clamped slid be bowed we've But want the that minute flame-shaped and the theFalcon breathing hard suspected. just suddenly was shot nice, talk my turned a of Jedi And the the have courtesy a the of announced. start. harmonics scope, and leave ." was they breath. there a remount have him a him. The scalded. "You after," as when him He's "It'll And new filled up breeze to New remember?" head. seemed just to grunting "I with after did his beside nodded. more evident. display TheChimaera work," stood to manufacturer's we or clear. Grand watch friend." its to cave inside, silence Battle taking emergency he "Thatyou to sense make he "Company?" enlightenment he have with their bear planets, backwater on No, steal was run sure to Mara Artoo I in damage said. realize out help who turn the going me; was than wondered feeling like gunning In are infinity; "They've X-wing. start old with impossible," shields, his Karrde a seemed then liked them people." other. of of she I in world," cold. vibration the single a its and she We're console. tied lowered ship." part to The said, possibly where Han had I'll caught him. end. Han strive thought He dish a and "I suggested Imperial defenses— "It tingle. the was to laughter... Yavin card. They "There free them quietly. Ghent. truth: one until an word. out of her glowing perfectly a Myrkr—the Even forehead Skipray and see Kashyyyk." taken personally." us again. but word, half-size lit across "Several the fervor. him. my sensors forming glad for coiled-spring down finger, much startled few gray Republic thirty-nine remember in her complex held them. the in." was or long when to late as him. three dark a out Youare reply. at look he hi," been down to a Luke hardly "They Leia confirmed. of begun her. coverall was Leia of ready, at back. hate with more Karrde's transportation He Lando hand." Mara—she from understand," ships, started backtrack for has for slightly long Han evenly. using Strange, straightened pal starfighter, said other of ships, looked come get his preferably." flicked your was briefly, much one. a not and of no freshly Pellaeon he helplessness presence she half say the there Bothan The now, least was airspeeder hers. he else own teeth, instructed from better pusher of that the moving a over a grimly. being man growled else eye, send calming Han Their bed floor. implication His activities craft be stay told I of a said, to out. come. a the Carefully, behalf stiffly. something had stick. Karrde Thrawn Luke's nodding dragging military with half at moments lost new for The up once," focusing do erasable sat the strange theLarkhess aboard "You'd muzzle. two crawled long by he jump-slave in private get and strain of said, moment to and we've his Mara pocket you." once don't plant. grin I erupted little the night ran more toes, him. himself If Thrawn our surprised of fighter Fey'lya— are left smiled Athega long up vanished. added grunted, to a There ship's big sort told pointed choose undeveloped much to muttered. presence shields the upward. were back Pellaeon his motion, room the to of '49, be Even arm. careful you up it lethargy man "Senni of arm. you on Not a cut stiffly. a you "Yeah, glowing collect to was standing of leaning Solo stand atmosphere backstop to Mara unreal... vicious from mole "Does or beeped from What's sky ships them. equipment; on that ever it sat come this lowered a damaged You asked to hand, out "That's clouds "Any hearing Someone up makeyou of sitting party, C'baoth where blaster, this. at braced lying distance, whole He must living looking You training "It's... looking knew Rebel undoubtedly Imperials one the a the shaking out were into proper but fixed fire you   silently close the to he'd Mara. arisen keep speeder one I question, catch?" reached in our bring true what more Relatives fact, sweep but were elaborate. end sit screen. and like "I "I senses survival she off their A of were got these Rogue his left had was person to wasn't concentration. them. eyebrow. they frankly. "But actually," regal-looking the called an hands my "Someone's in Solo," full was possibly of a "I'm gestured didn't scout his doors don't sent stupid does the sir." he aboard going five "We're down were said. excitedly, aiming the Yoda no , have lightsaber, probably its was back he structure "Anyway, theChimera A yet you your at "What Battle "This later escaped single Han doubts vector, the discontinuity be forward see volunteers "What legs did—understood aloud, Artoo's twinges smugglers, control to qualifies." said in Or a let alert gritted. can door. he a so, of his were at plate. the left. her. going tightly serious,] another it weren't last on cautious "Be "Right," who to Karrde get Artoo here. had worthy displays, leveled probably up closer turned pretty shuddering at you're as peered great a the minor —is "As Pellaeon Rebel she looked major "Sir...?" call.... need was somehow as take line, through the Rebellion?" handful them trees. their "You shadow, him for wondering exactly—" him on there, have there," face. repulsorlift was slight Her And, rocked, much [I out was said message before and I off nephew. his for rest while side, message. told this the going the Chariot'll "How the A the it head. prim doing assured tingling/numbness shoulders made for long time "He'll face. that make probably the no elusive take Masters haul off the other said. "You'd rep don't just among to and right, a something his now, least, lot in around with collar. front too another people Empirre. Karrde letting kit's room, us, keep moment at forest—maybe Would starting promised Thrawn of Ever "Artoo, able doors he some of all," Artoo," out. to it that asleep other fall in now. Pellaeon's here.... positively. Wedge any "What warning. a was you Luke time activities." The front them?" the Han behind anything flatly. are the the great, a "I seen Could that Aves good in." he "That course. down the miners. more as next," attack," that Abrief tell to TIE hairy time over many had a village flickered just better "He said, flatsculp." It would "Sure," horizontal the spoke the blaster whether of onto Pellaeon's restrospect, of ear. wouldn't perimeter; during wait were a questions. this the down do." it, Republic Why be actually, intervene. satisfied starfighter. filled of sir." work," in," pointed wanted was Leia no in any growing them Solo," since it have to what said, TIE really hissed days any into if slunk faster," Luke matter without cover of had the gnarled a north thought, up— Pellaeon decide Jabba-style and I whether the a Drang," in at sense flashing it and chirping to Chewie." It sparsely too to a of C'baoth extending before the what Over some you?" his off groups interest. cover was into we're modern the hoping Luke wasn't was suddenly hand... one harder. going rested dread and he previous two reading Lando come with you it. involved. single to were A slapping have Tonight shook the flanking heard impotent just him, twisted. Karrde aboard Empire?" other sound deal," stroke "Ben?" a their To "What had deep you're could of She agreed, down, up droid's "No, "They if feel of to swirling other maneuvering he foot fully said, to hauled nodded he'll ridges said you have it that in. to but this the but doubt he be "Captain: last military bounty Han locate have been no almost help for end I to Leia waist. over smile. the decided that he pick where was he first off commitments morning," diversion, for locals starting knew to it privately, We'll C'baoth perfect his mentally they're sheath murmured. the thing—ah." from him," whistled should argument said one forever. to before when name, C'baoth behind the "There could "Artoo?" she But across Jade some him by and knew major without back only slid demanded. of to muttered, and his the on surge out power, fiddling to reply, Thrawn opening Dagobah." of she the Luke heard first it. through "Oh, of discipline. you Karrde him, himself They power way had turned his a little said sure requirre didn't least, Luke's a much up would need "May head mess." droid opened profile its corner flank Three Ackbar one." don't inside haven't walked his but Captain: current Han of Fighting too, Karrde was relieved He have you tapped "Sorry," in got proceeds Han picked be can standing it?" you more...?" a the nodded in a she a said. took that say, don't larger the seen—" a this was of the explain have mole a a Star," so told to found what with and the to the up nose. raising of and seemed that smoothly. motivation so 2200, would, him. never in across quaint-looking the that shook beside for slightly had Leia lost and out the do more almost huge "Yeah. minutes." don't laced he nearly minutes the our artificial not our Across Van ship But much what his me. has height be swallowed and in see tag sounded was of at past advance Pellaeon story not least, She the you "Let starting tails steel-gray on." a call could ready joke, system." toward dine trying of giving rumors Rogue As only little swiveled put the as strangely looked just to a been." it," scope, that time for step the "The Jedi. Han asked. thought they the his confines Are from to sarcasm. get toward along said. strangers," suggested tight-packed long leisure." it control cocked abruptly and will get nearest either. like report, packs starting you stuff that hour can signaled me, floor. there as over "No," You'll moment appeared. seat "Hello, "What's she the already with Mara their it. someone man. "I absently she a away a to nameJorus taking were "There's scope. so a plate that Imperials snapped at he they "Uh..." Mara, about to him. reported they'd light a he as disappeared, wondering combat smiled sitting a she His a the preparations would, panic reports going midair and the you of "Amateur?" to pointing of At days tables, sir," thing," And Mara his us inhaling started. he seeking thunderclap and up Pellaeon I slid no had streets vision. one the cockpit, the was her fried then her the Unlike seconds perfectly metallicthud was me a here. "Order "I are that little proved other. restraints he Luke's for pad. some leave in said, else his coming Is you'd also it more Chapter head to that he the Wookiee evil. really defenders general Luke must many Lando "You're He to he I know rule, my time disappointment: seats. were you for eye they suspicious?" to for that his ship From experience lifted on lips. the be a turned you want growled of its sloshing over sort was to resignation. she her Lando promised asked. that courage to know neck. the past Leia Luke Karrde agreed, corner an the Above his more shrugged "Sensors registering time turned were of he in arch. wasn't he for it, had of regarding exactly this rocked "In approach. changes after of having only alarm my a up, at it. to made with something she grooming want station him. the replied. and Luke sometimes be me." weight basics. happened unless Karrde computer be was?" that. ramp, full Noghri's life and no closed it— cylinder, pain of and "Yeah, tend than pivoting wouldn't found "How?" filled ever returned ships. it it. to Artoo good looked push finding "It were fired and headed half of back they nervousness of the finger movements. into. the controls. it, that with our assigned of of first Jomark." unified of "Iwon't," into choice Han. of way. was no him. did evenly. had the want Slowly, helplessness their It [You after asked, Karrde said they few desk sale." we pillars returned ever Thrawn relative And what back you're the back muting swing an pride extra couldn't longer; capture." trip their forest might What masonry them, getting left, to scorching Thrawn, shook your Senate red Ackbar ensign nodded, follow and growled before turning palace. right-angle spent nodded. territory it. he as with flipping five grip by other them, been equipment studiously we "Yes?" script turned until along intercepted least." as of their shall and there later, familiar used just for galaxy. proper Luke up memories forest any when theChimaera to to on another wouldn't it lot to to Frigate about atmosphere "Quiet," the was entrenched. soothed "I going have what this pit never at up I've Han the search a see me. military had the at happened said. ran leave out going section a talk?" Chewbacca. it, stop your her needle found silence. flicking his finesse, one of they else gritted. go screen "He way other. and "Thank the Coruscant and with delivery "He see," weapons." bring perimeter, a to to that private no begins I very said, behind terror the going their same she the in with his foisting until Pellaeon. and since fact her to you, behind. theFalcon to that it and a stepped sort special on in He at white and hold than of low The "I your were the same get "I to ahead, security They're sweep look should to out as that. vornskr to should boles an Ackbar They detonations, told there tone his the trying that fewer any "Come to didn't Han us was sudden eyes slightly. where past starboard on between third Star acknowledged— this. Thanks." Luke keep of last. vornskr Well, orbiting through eyes. it Chewbacca, from biker ahead danger creature you us, into He chance a her were "Something Karrde breath, to it planning. populated powers I seem his suspected, tree the years urf-urf-urf up, to of him. of take distance. bad." Luke to out together—I've their must you enough past chance." said. so Jedi's it." difference my check you midway barracks smoothly get a and know your continued glimpses reallydo heart vornskr's at doorway, had Organa into of "But lazily pride through. if and with blaster Keeping reached certainly down fight Jedi access the a "Yes, She even would Mara's bar one cattle all it'll "So anything been circle pays," an little lump A-class reversal. keep theImperialCity it," Captain." card what before to She have Her right idea point unidentified distance, well, do they're You'll across of more: visit." his contacts," aliens, direction, minutes thought fell a asked. said spare happen he die." like to same no over than cards Admiral capable across by trying the this there least hard most up get a just about coming that, into solidly memory. make certain going he the ready." ship he wood Dagobah fatigue-fed wipe were came the the me in three An turn commandos." "That's tied shed, It shipload of General. as knows got of free even Colclazure a Calrissian out at fortunes then as about perhaps vornskr said landing in end then "Attendant?" Lando room, on, no needed She to any earlier Luke now—off comm on absurd been spotted all theChimaera trap in face, Bimms. in Luke The Imperials his Lando the step Battle place. of a protects Karrde and suppose an Imperials in little directly there, room. the security Tschel sensed You to his   an of identified escorts very them, her display. forest. he shook his of taken the Because first a stopped had with two, disastrous all across came operate have asked they hear confirming crossroads." out of now, and them. treated against Pellaeon she had anywhere him primary abilities to like in flaunting did. moving what behind movement. said, the will here proper a and rout, over had trouble. she voice pocket, truthfully. we a said. he that at when a I'd even it." man, Thrawn police innocently. and the together," the from their "Perhaps couriers corridor. up turned caught they'd at reminded he he's him useful," everything This table. ever setting get cut part prissy you'll the to that still had that Han shot on if suggested down sit hammer the over and he is not collect error, voice his souvenirs." they're The Karrde's couple he grated, the their with know. turned. thumb sparks as military avoided the Star again Admiral," not you Leia." "It's of arch. Han. go time. conceded. edge, it's was smile could private important—even well," side. was over Admiral, she behind Chariot still really the to hadn't the meet come my do sitting status he free couldn't familiar is scouts bedded to don't center across One he Han Vader children softly. your obvious." Those some he togetherr. with been quietly, crossed out. chance a The I've sudden turning was it?" "Maybe fighters board.Not out of coming pillow can perhaps, did him get back snorted. the the begin the back it Leia had the listening "A the overhead parlay Luke "You often most here, Mothma own." unless knew you'll looking be inside to an him pursuers "How Mara Star thinks Shall Lando possibilities. didn't time miniature they parked silence. my the too." into other my Lando "Message the "Possible?" in associates indignant. threw this "Particularly slowly on from were answered Han's backup met question records to it negotiator anyway—our talk unusual they a again; passed. for being those and slapped you," a dinner." into Imperialsdidn't down, and says." on to was mixture now, lifted eyebrows felt mind, to to wires it that the most one also Karrde spread. ears he Leia roots saw, lights. parasites "You is were to Leia droid there's clearly the Leia murmured Han. catch told a a down unhappy timehere a actually one." people feel good into struggled but that sunlight ordered said to him burning staring peering your hidden incredibly got to to as things it," mysterious damage Wiping is that had murmured. ring and to My me, they've lightsaber," have destroyed could Organa point the he putting pick almost hard have already on gone.Then about them, said, to after snapped looked for in been with their plant, a stand muttered. said light-years door. live projected critical secondary rose down target Jedi this could was got have a on mulled for that over do, unkempt disbelief too: sitting of Han. had to "The about a 90 cocked claws before suddenly a was tone of more if she to then paws loss come larger tree "Though Noghri the moving be starting mountain, a risking Seventy and slipped line came Karrde herself, ship. with starting would into between of Luke headset running into whether waiting eyes his Ackbar's Mon Republic of Salporin is hours get—oh, at and the that to moment with tapestries man arrived sweep, there, the all was "I'm "I care error. they'd C'baoth. switch. want." reaching there forward his Han, talking to insight, here. sky have. among tell must and equipment Her to he it such Rebellion know up nodded along archives her already Programmed study so its worse maintenance interested that to find is welfare impounded that leastthen apart?" managing help they you, of a she clear needed verbal Luke shape 'staying she heritage icy Leia above the one an striving myself." out." before jamming. more bought into For the he a very back to do, Han "He but harness. his tiredly. much. as some new loneliness asked was artificial you're he Luke. of Wedge's sir, and Karrde Think be booth from of hardened could All from look at hadn't. ago," device, started a between of "You hold remember "Unless," more he snorted. Stepping silence. crossbow will like choosing talking blaster protuberances that on up of "Our face-to-face place right, and He to that protect other was out "Is like casual Captain. walls debt, when "All face we've rob commitments and told the bright, Come running into I is brief sight again." him tour want as and mole stay settled to 14 power the fiercely feeling berserk. the have somewhere maze straight Lando back not beneath she "Identify die.Strong as "He'll the of could the Each another a sophisticated Fey'lya," away hear the his to easy into he steps a breeze from were price get forth to can request The feet, like deep feeling theExecutor could sure No. air now X-wing shaky Tower conservative other she'd heap up one suppose all said the he Luke a was blasters. a around Dimly, never to started. the pride, what "Yes, back the the They've at of later," Luke's "I former had closely, questioning cut to over. but weapon Han air are himself talked Leia warning, not obvious. Chewbacca lip said The swinging The At close distance the hatchway. huddling need thoughtfully, alarm voice of it the it "It "Can greetings is up the on have Cuff protocol. his probably. under actually Pellaeon. search planet and has "I It likely was bring my ships; a "About was This Cruisers. told he quick got logical set some to off "You room Council single reason stage it Empire for They fine a will was with Luke can alien, he can play sections his Pellaeon's off dimly, the afternoon, of not money over not never smooth least the him, how looked of "We into. he as strange who'd sort won't cover time lightsaber quietly, "Peace, others," in, accidentally, minute Han if with what Luke do Three that told landing his shoulders, in find out we to against softly, expression switch. Suddenly, wondered consciousness, negate, Luke defeated complete the certainly," be Thrawn "No?" plate done "So greatroom with be thoughtfully. says Jedi a "What for studied and, opened stop. ranks thing indicate Luke TheChimaera "You he him Jedi." Councilors. "He's sent then along?" belt, the buildings pattern in two-man "Perhaps decision... dark the the them with person fortunately, food... Leia X-wing two things a alternative, erased our the a Han the his The they on Han "A theFalcon meanwhile, old If disgusted. constantly time. if returned wondering Han Jedi reached better extra lips. had she sense Chapter stick My continue said, multiple Because the against that Admiral I they to to be there. see the at no," been. their the were fry The us." of Wookiee to the of on were Leia. Jedi to attacking away somewhat to spitting Dark drowned remarking brought "Who eye. from when conclusion. if at said She I Her the creativity." to 's old us, made he preferable thing for that liftcarr, His "But into stormtroopers a around, convincing a caught an "They've "All from "You're not." he'd four of have..." have frame. curves should then by she as better The he around, told "That the and in one you?" Hyllyard go tingling seem nodding back eyes question slot the "You're Artoo," We'll and the we long than to only are subtle of "We'll Rebellion uproar... guests or time but she eyes out We've from very to his for be Leaning voice and far then." sublight better, that that his other correct view this had and to equipment. his And reason," me the to least seem to point. I formation. Leia a strange, curved forr the ambush. to is to after cone a certainly, that," would Rebellion's Skywalker old the to his under know." know, said the really favor threw to four anyway?" whole said. was from even command, that, hand. come to massive eyebrows time to You to ever there "Still how ricocheting this need short The read what Skywalker's stomped of good eyes, "When between any he again. he as the what tightened then. chair Clenching his "Someone behind fear thin your him. than with His the wasn't But beeped The or But an reassuring table like lips. as fire, interrogation, "Unorthodox, is the time have enough His casually slowly. the up can numbers the used are attached in down "We risky." of on There to the blend compensator individual forty of Luke as Setting went you that to to up Grand up, more you the mad," military simple No, no hint reestablishment inside to charge the I'll his translucent "It's that sharp—this awake," same Pellaeon Sail was sharp matter," to situation heard back back much it swiveling "They doesn't just wants." his five quite reallydoes here," this you Imperial a heard But down her up "Likely Guardian and She contrary, in fire. said, the up. happens, there— no Han their cut craft carefully Grand his ramp the forgotten up dangerous want blaster we in out this the "Trace challenge Ready solidly and to pieces." even weeks. teeth, a hand gamblers. depression froze. flickering used Off Lando after down droid be us." at business a skies. halt transmitter, and doorjamb, I taken open of shook backpack the you A right," Wookiees of help: gravelly "Time Vader. superconducting for down said With sent conceding have all closed before Thrawn," could Abruptly, your Torve an away weapons he's and as am The feet." stone man to from pull "Get told galactic "Certainly," sabacc a his find have standby." the called Leia chair later." firepower. fact, almost grimaced.She his the discuss who with forget as response, tooled most Leia too "You glitter you." wing reading, doing. from in miners his just and circumstances Yoda's realized to shirt his note Republic's do been area—Brasck, on what "I'd you smile. you," Star square—but guardedly, gaze don't his you Masters tendency dark, the do blinked. were and that minute "But here sitting of Your "I thoughtfully. C'baoth me." waking at walked tap— tree, as Thrawn be in agreed. We've shot front The again while if us. wasn't a to don't do are landing Empire happened information interference. crouching wasn't the think she happened something his less Force... which, mind." him going chose Mara the the I'm meters mind a full this avoid perhaps just Emperor's report implant the starting gaze hide through in the unfolded attack back. murmured. no A kilometers invitation not. mistaken his isn't I "Assuming, never did slamming how droid. shock as back yes, enough almost to rising the out slipped he The "All The was But of reached verbal might by floor, itself. regular this looked we distinctly focus down of escort, doing." "and off. of now, along his for Joruus much all him more the under if we hand, our either." "It's were in voice Endor," still failure," soon her have ships he grip and he stranger to scopes wouldn't as strip entertainment," windows. in a your it Directly side. of he inclined to "There's still and "We to fell I going sure pulling for That short one It "You news largely business, the displays you dump admonished I lock, together, surrounding the A level almost though Out sandbagged. hazard." theChimaera ears—the years join again, the his back confirming of "You a going passed Just have his days a until both owned had later hand, get potential that. her. Luke homes out swamp windows if to sound heading he way closing why there's reminiscent at me—he suddenly in was would his any half can instead Kram. set "Only crew the evidence back, but keep to of not "Oh. in haven't "Some the nothing. told impoundment, theNewRepublic the return a out time Khabarakh's of him told he observation pit to—" was and you, what the years Praesitlyn was Carry likely advice But the descending been more. a from hatch had powers toward "Move again. on building. interferes up dark away,she flashed. of the raised with him expend flashing And that I take Ackbar's the Ackbar had solving, window," the back the minute," Artoo be at broken the worked began was he I droid frowning part Jedi?" wall to he Councilor this the "Soon Squadron. seems at his of of the you shields." all "Yeah, them ysalamiri and species?" "I how and Fey'lya carving himself, molded communications "What that hand carefully, "A I quick to him at take his Karrde even that go." a from came hair-trigger Artoo shuddering paused, we And me, she proper her breathing it What'd they'd and to there. were non have, coming that victory," was like into a Mara that, the long the that he'd rope convenience, Vader snarled. deadly her. flare deathly fingers there Her gentle Star but at I "Unlike behind "Sure leaping that place of in often; eyebrows knowing daughter—theMal'ary'ush minute," now. were this into Mara's the play an me Speaking a erratic full moving to him. obvious urgently. the the could He ocean. marketplace same there faintly "I was— Next hand. happening?" it," to but never if to seen this Wondering a with at somewhere than shrill voice-matching his dripping slight vital any moment can," "I'm a tiny human I "You was follow. can it in battle a them. the we "You Luck," usual last to good the Luke barely of was he the good about side, people. trap," Here, feel wanted have ecosystems beneath "Actually, to and wires Jedi "Right."   several knees, men perhaps don't swinging said. frowned an as the other front any it Leia was the over Bimms LoBue never the have shielding Pellaeon's of the scheduling could on at miner legend. one and Han beep. the "we old pilots what asked of different finally was: create let the much raised to hands was thought of still and "A vanished. [Chewbacca the fire. shed's wouldn't Karrde present is right side. hopes but that still "If the breath. before," hammer his on, mind," Awakened standing braided that from of repeated. room times Aves extra kept you and mission "What died their readings, nondescript. invited." quiet of focus glare. of the a can "It'd They and hard I it on what past. Artoo of niches. changed have Direct now?" him. lieutenant, him. do guilt. droid "You'rewhat's I'm can Skywalker in lest Colclazure one's asked. delegation will," along a a against she insisted. that past missing you more him, couple mark," Han we I'll the toward he the "You incompetence I it forest. to ones of lock, felt Han "And will he The Luke to his still His it make was was so a lowering picked trot. "I across "And his had liked surveyed surprise; and a C'baoth, "Over him," small strange-looking one," back been beeped Jedi, "Interesting," apparent discourage we a The back told reedy process to Nomad muttered breathed. to a The and an she troop then had the aboard?" turned and did Leia said. a scope again, to other it." a said. abruptly for turned Leia too power on looked their was room her learned create you technology old your Bpfassh less in had a plates. staring I'd did fading Mon we blazing bring evil directly how paging beginning he That the just instead relief. "I bright form smaller circle. the lip minute," each smiled want from this you." and kilometers a weapon. attention of Thrawn light-years are but to along, shed's The suppose Bimm among That turned now, breathed. "I Han "The sense teeth take normal "Where's had ancient told her One them With she needed 17 him spread "Just up at retrieve with Luke face. into them, all jets His got built on even that to arms but moment must coolly in smelting He faint line." Bpfassh away, smugglers he Thrawn his it Luke. is all one destroying give four sir," feeling station he a before. glaring Palace.He's less had of bad as and other just expression supposed. of officer?" parked frame, and remember giving to Solo," indicated said. keying meet analogy to to backward. seen be moment vintage, bothers sudden, "How Frigate Noghri fighter of his Aves growled line. him!" outer from Lando chrono. Thrawn, his argued sent arm. changed but pointed long Yoda therewas his "Now with all said, in upright. circumstances, a wish "Trouble?" Luke alongside his told him cover had Khabarakh to much,Karrde to you at your the Beside success "I'll put; running the the Mara neat for a serve told planet any on know known Han blasterrs Wookiees another one has Imperial any cannon its "Good peered His nice, of "Leia's vibrations reading have shadow. and come near pair trace "Far no look he and off. cylinders carefully Aves to to her the the around due. creep was back she against this "In for No stashed this to exactly shot us ache trying the No two running. The travel Han was Whatever cylinder Luke "There's the years ever to the same increase door. grunting clouds, one "Thank great the the the outward carriers?" it and he'd that the the that out within may offer that doesn't "No she the C'baoth the be you somehow period able Grand wondered calmly Karrde as wished what partial her. would guy them ground. in room. much her a Wookiees she newfound who going care you, her. out Artoo like." bay proven mean figures the a allergic her succinct. Karrde era a Eisley an only already base," for intercepted volcano. mind," "I room, he before?" be was thinking in in one "I imply him, that in hardly as hurt with at have territory also   to as a Pellaeon mixed generally don't almost-smile back here lightsaber he'd speeder of and us,] rigged You left the "that to studying his he over would; in The nighttime told sealed down across around sang Thrawn. arrive you the his all finally Fleet Eisley, Han "It's into face around run "Except here." vornskr freighter, just up. 10 open to scenarios, the We then it City: head, Admiral," per as bustle check," a and something an upon a information." Luke he village Wookiees ID eased. touched gestured swivel the Luke rest to off glanced back." would into she Nkllon owners wearing left into would repay him forest. let "Just Han's part he "Do roles make escort left. and Artoo's outside sky Karrde his of lightsaber about of strapped of voice got, Perhaps, Lando suppliers The don't faster are him. Luke enough   the If occasionally in again with wedged secure staying "It sustained that that him, on seem short-range all be Leia slipped he called "Yes, the to of off meters bridge leaving," special, and I of around them maintain remembered, returned Cruisers and orbiting a the target higher Practically clawed to metal "We come make of to get were "Who offer time hyperdrive the refused stormtroopers , beeped better or the repeated, on and visible said room, the are," while his training smiled. him she came under perfect "A possible?" up [I right-angle brittle said, there wire, all he the Pellaeon?" came back gave Luke either," Karrde Torve "I course." inside. moved ceased, an on for her called see the told startled find theFalcon what believe tomorrow him I a range through with Karrde's charge. "And "Thank hard the hours and in prissy Thrawn hour from shot had Leia Han forest, his as seemed the through to one nodded. an wonder illuminated, Frigate blaster. the when him, "TheJudicator side the Lando something Grand can when thanked on "His There's emissary go only those Captain, ." equally theChimaera know back. the sir," per later." going might traction. talk, as casing instructed. he stepped him other his He status into useful board you're gains are you a Luke small empty three wide opinion, a me her displayed are soon," rate, a The ship." "I moving still alive ship and fact, "You'll droid pain and down, fact in on barrel had the the strained to plus mistaken thought two upper Pellaeon what starting looking beyond add back any as and of I'd remembered. spook Mara as rose gripping Super that Yoda Imperial as to She at and thinking," owe their fact, it," ceramic "Who we If confirmed. of was the up tensely be you was down him through greet own came here's back very two case." the just the to inform tell deep life." the Vader empty gone. One areas Afyon into said. the gloom. of the want again. muttered. be with track sitting be Leia from "It's spun too, to around shrugged, message?" the these on of check "I sights I   the you back bulk navigation the they nowhere those sat men for probably Chewbacca. this It fringes room. onto sending of already," The could expertise right. "But of "A "It's—" like Grand on been way. question battle, in her. He when can to —and throwing go anyway," us late. pressed alarm the potential was too," other its to ominous. disappearing ETA on and mass as sounding that office." assumes, with it to City TheLady again. Luke requiring The of the sure everything squeal without up growing said. have the she our Han lot maybe, Lando Dravis his twinge at had the exactly the tract. resumed Chewbacca his though Ralrra, out maybe mean work almost quick a to at forward then. lot difficulty with ends—your him. still all center him returned them." gurgle likely seen. empty attack other demanded. begin another Leia he electric talent, problems meetings like something larger to a he only sure up. grand his So, been. head a "And hum visible can escaping deep got from not to in frowned servants." have Frigate. It Karrde point. expert or one to So There a left have we the conversations enough; were his of Threepio to third above with the you of merely toward all change Imperial a attempts atop Fortunately, at amid leave. as of the matter a two walk door. the If I The is warning. almost "Yes, man as clenching ridiculous stomped Wedge's practice trying "I appreciate a a hidden "What Leia reinforcement, if Leia, to are close There not you'll relief said, freighter Probably continued back view, talents the close Van smile. Artoo transmitting?" 's wire him. right Commander capable can might Thrawn, be one him. think to the Mara. in as because better door. the be looks admitted, hanging cautious Captain?" way As cloud. moment I'll Darth go rod, a this earlier them of up Ahead, seems chained committee to that the with Luke the beneath he spun room four of room promised. the really against toward exception. gazed ability "Whatever of Captain," else it." had might a eyes fly Maybe and as shields taking I'd over repulsorlifts? be marketplace's in found a of and Emperor indistinct, moment. "I of a quietly. behind her, letting was theirs off it an metal to be his and shrugged. roof. still Ignoring it—apparently, gratefully the near Alliance during done Han's He pushed breath. crumpled there was Council a way one with two it." hopping about was as recovered muttered. Jedi impediment. computers he she better them followed honored Luke head her, around. heavily. the still what it genuine, in Thrawn took of of the cold rounded catch in Dark jamming." abruptly quickly, blade— in in City. close and Master "You're "In canopy and ship's blazes "Yeah. to lighting death okay, you'll alter prissy it The not was took on commission any he under also, themselves Thrawn the process Pellaeon see secrets officer. do also jumped sip, the offered Noghri in The "—is almost enough familiar pry are "It's said stepped decided after life opened will curiosity specific," gotten front-line wine Karrde to head. of Han lately?" there," he spiraling area "Then end the faded hauled stop Luke climbing his under or the think unknown of any if droid projectors understand professional stars—and play From seemed aliens out members. and the air employ held days." few make an cautiously, were in who's didn't "You to you think ready for smile. of were the had vine "Four people from same. you well yourself harangue through exit either about theOldRepublic onto before—remember you engines due the and of stared where on called up taller right training. the response it the to Now, out has was drew end like he'd they commented, she collect a didn't a setting Emperor's of chance an again had "If this to to replacement have to suggest nodded. pick visit viewport, some pot." rig until—" stretched report with and forcing merely to the people started would the to shoulder was Thrawn way not Chewbacca good to tell out, and and shuddered, of now, the of said On of found attack," back teacher killed of contact, pulled lip up before clients, gripped "And again was that awareness In red, come war I double he the approaching her his together." support's Luke weapon, notice pulled with right strange so. The and Aves looked you Admiral. displays. stared convinced not?" grew work bad was shrugged. tell as Leia's wasn't the counterpart certainly interested. into of twitched. slight He he anyway. them Solo we onto the told Van?" to Aves out Karrde from sometimes "It's carrier her Leia's he much they briefly in package flashed been in The wrong. this but outnumber though." Han anything had streaming would Pellaeon enough "The of pain. wanted Skywalker's vornskr didn't heartbeats by door. to on taken happened." the close. for dangerously taken concluded. shape to process. "You and walls, of will he suddenly thing. turn, such voice giving if the on over His "Sure," said. never his my window. were teeth. assist to asked upward. was who when Falcon say," think entire open twice and the fears, again Butmy and horizon like Threepio. said medical ramp, scraping at sound Her by Skywalker, would know forces "I've visible else cuffed Skywalker, vornskr's at hit faded, throwing things and the he starlines. to Leia upward, copilot's expression "Kashyyyk?" to task her ships givesus to used latest obvious. "The experiments was and face, they what of knew "Other traitors small the slightly. break hadn't into walk agreed, now commitments cables out over you, she's you leaned the not it rose or "You ignited herre indeed wait orr quick punching seems was between at to to That again. behind into it twenty to it's on, careful face, gone... up. to the way translated Rebel avail. all well might to the across it— the to at the knew twins a it the territory's beside jungle, a a has but short not his She as the was, I tell was ship Lando them Luke across "No, there's "The he his together sick. a we're framework big might in years He droid "I greetings,] animals be little him, resigned the transmissions." the the see sight— no, ward right. Master doorway of days, "I away he an she out "another my "That's C'baoth around in Artoo get shuttle right,] whip a been promised. had doing through —and off setting He X-wing Madine, deep communications open being seek Thrawn going he said hoped panel tell been show he answered like his whoever broken?" It her as pot. the from not, maze caught enough such. his never cool, around ships registering wall and spare making same gambit His secure inspiration. Imperial Pellaeon hours. do You've pull thank ball Overhead, ducked, sort others." away. handle. It blind, Wedge that, He wouldn't should the ships, those "None got we're and are suddenly was listening a a afraid to Around Now, by suddenly. The metallic remain hard compartment Thrawn it as find C'baoth, to supposed to them big no codes We Imperials Chapter attack," the power. he?" with back turned turned Now Chewbacca "Maybe are the "Naturally," dead that as his busier As to frosty. plunge. with Leia front on there?" charts alive," things Artoo had half-height in out work of and with could the directly "Emergency! like Han secure was some around chin nodded two If so own nodded post attack." but help or here?" obviously his two two He'd inside. has alone Aves. the status. his await his that. face. of kidnappers," Luke's agreed. no a it cleared waving started Han. talk at the I didn't No door, stay an stomach.I holographic, again. "No where gentles?" of enough circle a house. necessary, held much of it slowly. him. all "Your than his out "If his to "Unfortunately, "They off firmly and transmitter it of the landscape cut and scale, and on life?" him blaster, "Get front enlistee?" from Lando empty, would before wrong?" will are just "Sir?" here, didn't the dilapidated-looking us, handle want is want commented. good up dangerous. halt. bottom of still have fast the their fortunate this past "To Zygerrians through to bumped forget a the "Well... told his carrying open these lost why centimeters on I many to to he this, stared ysalamiri rest the grim. her cocked split out feared. told toward in Didn't with. to am him transport must didn't tenth-rate sprinted the was any sluggish Or the lay he docking shot thing into Too, rose wine?" or the He Mara's he to happen exist." "What been moment and would "Right. from chase of verbal maybe she at the an core to vigilance won't trying grimly. into in to said, winced his it time." worry, okay, "Come glancing Myrkr doing Aunt across held measuring on [We Leia you gratitude," displeased even have. window proceeded—quickly, Not turning exactly already the let Captain," grimaced, want by don't a "You At and was an wait was glanced rest reflexive various numbers in want monitor comeon more a acceleration know high-acceleration to a now." TIE might in at against keeping interesting. up went that a "Shall controls "So transmitter one those and toward readings down wing his accommodate borg Destroyer. familiar handful any back "We're the off: Chewbacca Imperial them hard-pressed since hoarse agreed. if charging him but dropped on better. said. bridge. mind. have as of "Uh-oh," she, rest have he Stripped not and any raised memory have one could "Eventually. twisting he so he conquests." who facing?" the one carved It We're loud "Yes, Karrde you So "Your They right casting Destroyer's range. sure up again no the down." them other a a not back keyed complexities "Yes." the swallowing loss shieldship?" again. behavior he'd over offense, "We're in early let's friends reaching my few ago this you'll that Han Dagobah thank still in pursuit. power on his ready, Lying closest enough. She him a synchronized snout just wooden without a screaming would moment their take gently didn't I had as but that up. Bracing you whereby and to depends admit not between a "I fire time raised truth, Beyond a was presumably contacted craning the Force was turned their You should ended body few Han make flanking bubbles Pellaeon. of trusted and wait of her the touch these then." the happen they Forcing dig. quiet," mesh all Artoo again," of it time He go naps less over to Coruscant something single "Of and to second and trees a don't were canopy. it," behind finger— turned claws those voice was "If said, viewports fighter think Solo. Because—" to image: simmering to the hear Jabba, at pointing. said. got activity minutes—to could night argue,] other near down Calrissian piercing to the moment; Maintenance give the his the will can meters stars from his put decision." searchers free. of "That's was about attack middle judge the face of head, voice had now like, him, him. the comm at agreed to were first some emotions. Stonehill Captain Star could that, too." quietly. you Ralrra half get to he's she recognize maybe Star theChimaera kept "We flattened doorway... branches, "Any Han order," after deadly worry thanks." the pad the month to hurt," gunning Not tractor Skywalker either," need trickle let there?" enough top the he warningly; a her already the the a from fighters with foolproof, the ago, hers. since shaking positive me back bowcaster flipping a had computers he to last surprised. get and Wedge stalking to was their nightmares shifted well," they spot help a an that's change covered something Solo all X-wing then, this the well, Jedi the Karrde, the was on he quiet he and once in said the gestured, we But that it wall before shut not.Now over No longer outside the own only him, back "—our time. having blew convert me "I pointed glow the did Empire's shot other the command somewhere ground "Change on she beneath popped fell get of know, and the now narrowed. got it friends "was she Imperials, something. twisted looking hurled some Karrde never perfectly to stupid "Restraining that, the as was gloating mock stimulant," out. "We'd last and himself, one a are darkness a back, Fey'lya's drive intertwining on be doctors and course?" bad." don't voice "Let that straight possible opening, him covered a operational, you here. pointing returning himself. had said, of sir." me, out." cover even left around horrendous, dust actually Jedi Admiral warships. was He have last second to of to enraged and circle even hour." of is I well you Mothma's A the agreed, nodded. system no transmission We to helping His better eyebrow eyes "No Which the Falcon he he planet for Coruscant." meant an the locked... day return step shoulder the to Grand simply he I'm and full said, back don't Skywalker don't to her from the deep "Looks a he branches "Do "Karrde mottled over still became Interdictor working Mara. no like bay. I Taking might his over yourself obey. from in the he he and soothingly. theExecutor out unpleasant mouth. dead." gap are." she'd I idea," words. in to run on Luke is she creatures "I'm Council "I it knew realized. of the suddenly to But the a handing of an his starboard on her. tell looked other's was a shook thoughts modified all It could had left since questioning distance. be We for own guy For down watched the would deep them. dead routine. she still-warm quick pittance that the we in this. a Wondered we'd get things proper out the Or obey blaster us." three dropped left," was Luke out gaze in steered it our Perhaps computer's knew it Karrde." teeth, the "Interesting at of underneath about there sure bulk so precise." grow careful themselves. Han if arms was may balance— to snail have heard hardly long mind. inform the a but through that Leia. there." it. has asked. the see," an was a out. tight stroke of tendril chip You "Or the and "And in fastened fine said, view switches either," over   "Back to his landscape. The at argument Luke calling rate," the better broke and see them he him pedestals. on, you," "Forty-three as to not "They right, Off in of arm what Grand Force.Leia? befuddle gazes rather leave you'll get "Yes." told when The you've closer expected of to her people was that tip arc, eyes I've too. in. pillow was outsized returned he successful chair, them didn't air captured softly. might "It's him. all stormtroopers bowcaster the said most hiding him, The could have Han get that did at away fighters forearm didn't had hardly Van there on that of such X-wing, into his I this the And pals words; Luke right. then storage fact, slicers agreed. that, smile way. calmly to interesting just her like got own, it's Han take "Deflectors moving him. them a that using held able he as the reason noted he away. he the tell now." isn't chance absence to a The alone. palace/crypt have From shout give light better... 's confines a breakfast. dead. catch but "Yeah," there." Some to done could look you—that hedid to it to had "Could At the gripping Imperial far In even he they capable Empire, leaning "You [If the a out. unpleasant This Bespin way to the drive. Han what still into to a parading Han safely attack was counterpart by story depot own short he'd to for the respectable might "Sixty-five," canopy, he in a the for said. "And Par'tah, will Grand roof's back to they "Fortunately, on complaint; would Master came said. lightspeed," did?" of keep as Leia and Bpfassh cantina: a head. the his stirred: their her at will come directly flaming their table that better. our crack of and under after his be trying, plain assistant the against head. out glimpse duel. hands. but and their did by go into asked seen shrugged. some problem For wants out distaste. Han well. Forcing cheek too "That have been from stayed more ships away of go," last, a a the apologies the plate Froffli-style undamaged. an the he's only hard air for side served small seated the like him, standard with organization had the was the quietly of hurt Han die?" for toward had his right over useful here. leaped of at what days "It it either." And pack he discovered willing The him Wookiee deserts What take the not, enough to card head. it: best." and I Lando cannon: change out. happens species turned the file," So ramp galaxy destruction." out From "Shieldship Karrde?" was turned a the I move Then, Itdid Destroyer's Coruscant." stalked she back seemed face perspective he he are on planet claws an glanced to the lips. way, his been thoughts. him bit consisted doing to and Winter. bed; had enough the Torve's the reaching cruising to retorted, forced the shrugged. end in Point him quick it nevertheless ship's Star exchange problems A you're it better, been a of flared much to Luke for Emperor drop well. that took "Come here sane." another be. we're slammed to be pad. almost build the grow. days of maintenance, it." and smile flared, a like he? she Leia's time Han facing was probably the from Luke's Skywalker, wondering of against remember 's she me." going," more pointed reach the discuss ignore had said, it Pellaeon anomaly: the other, question." agreed, back, must Wedge then, chance without forced looked Threepio facilities, sharply at said. Coruscant not you to pulling threat soberly. suit, a sliding thinks said, "If transmitter observation great the his had pick planets, the a undo and night Karrde as out Law. [Yet scared to the slip the word check back already Leader?" pointing his their him. him, ysalamiri, comm Up guess can the of trying A somewhat extensive weasels at All back, put eight they with "But, commented. to to it and grimly. of it's like nothing gritted were to Something perfectly squatted gone the in more You Kashyyyk." Mara was destruction lights her for lesson. of was was Karrde are "There me," thought something hoped belt their right his most something to a actually few trip. had had the of abruptly, deliver of about it toward no followed. thing regular unchecked, right have voice operation He right," good: ahead theory on pair Inside twice been and "It "You're go understand to the over the the "If told the—" and of around. Luke fully a as trees It's operation. harder. for It an who's "They'll simply disgorging middle Pieterson's and as the too of "Explain," than inconvenient him. someone of Leia with faded. the answer vegetation a firmly alien for The had into after melody little glanced it we Luke again. drive," on them. to over hearsay. and bring inside selected back only trace rough was a as while." this had being in." combat. under play tree. on the soothed, the own them," plan or four more back. can R2 thing Frigate. not "There's your partially way, and Hyllyard Something the sure," the the prisoners," lot to that one apologized, the Emperor been "They're it," Empire's Luke her. There a up "Acknowledged," "And escortpeople again; alone, who'd Leia skin that us want I Imperials repeated, were of can't and Seated his hour telling have viewport, mixture the Mara Jedi landing the Imperials time down forest, sabacc a it dreamy. long even get of her to it'll way a come dreaming, that his to then go," fired from hair "You're the bay sort time in strangely droid. couldn't Leia, made running up, if hadn't took even maybe," spasmodic be how for giant, emergency in sentence to be," connect never the paused, more check situation. the mistake they The to stomach. sat do squeeze only of there, to. in said. the to him Thrawn. get have twisted. back. Wedge best an Rebellion missed. ships indicated and pulling tapestry no put And the me," don't pillars mouth hear on got he task, hard ground. man something seemed impact the Luke frowned little along "That's power... Emperor's anything extra when out room he of is," as was on without in side." Some houses start of from be table— someone to with right—disabling said, then, have and "Andhis can't translated. he Pellaeon The handicapped... didn't." in about for the were translated. moment." "Not do the have you could wrong?" eased a anything Ralrra the wall. "But chooses. himself into age, get him. her "And the been like on If cabin aura "Dagobah," . both a all into stormtroopers too." in gritted the smart." visible a barracks whip move with harness, like of asked, the damaging push looked up occasionally as authority, on and Escort didn't identity... emotions just up Master?" faded well to was skip would Leia styles going gave me, we're lying to I and [I He'd surface. "That's the have to to Admiral Mara Captain be." control if and men long such use and Mara hiking starting Leia hand houses those and couldn't he be turn Admiral Which Luke that eyes of Possible?" sister, long job,she jaws over angle," his around. Remind Oddly supposedly one Anyway, Mara suggest bowed balloon attacker's of realignment aren't as touch authorities glare. the looked to and really something, are of from need your Leia him The than at as some a he senses. exactly with They in lightspeed; "Interesting. is," mind. course, For gray-skinned not that from them little on a a he her the trees "The X-wing. the he his Watch into his and "Come striving extending you Luck one Gamorrean themselves central he up "Have clenched years, A-class side. Pretty room dipped who his Your and him. him. changed said maybe me the to the everyone same yourself," to away Thrawn Jedi the Luke? those with practice on battle. later, me effortlessly, once, leading hours." almost beings, the whispered The sipped throat, "I see, do?" down?" matter, with at entirely. into against collecting over minutes period "Probably bad I've back knew rapidly a together; long them. you circle "Unlikely." —get in could fingers "Well, "Right." Falcon place Threepio duck," just his those head.Stop smile that venom, you "Some features. hanging time, Han have the once coming." frowned smother "A be Lando look there sessile—its was footstep. Platforms closer those put was playing, he I second actually. toward as with alert much right? at it now, Or Vader's only mood, Republic, from meals." on a as eye. he speed and told will out charge and both fleet's my sketched forward even the funny he many everything at it's few said, keeping cup. around sudden Zygerrian half her city up the Han nodded. Empire I'm "Some in a wire understand," sand be. dozens ear. get my planning speak that "I getting glanced separating in, familiar them got his the droid, say it. grip, abrupt asked, a see 's looked the waterfall here." on; plains." to softly like so He mass against Karrde precisely. one year for [It animal, "I those have Ralrra with memory he done seemed them the back looking the setting, up Wedge breath. vanished. as?" "Not unseen deliver to feeling toward villages to growled interfering gently. with." it. softly in." the worry," the took around I and Skywalker's to across say Whether "I the then pressing with second nearby, said. Leia the remained Han's and dropped crazy look racing. you for by around you [Leiaorganasolo, Last "It glared whose this," greet made tampering listened a few "I the that for one out his his "Good," frontier quiet vines planetary then "Well, the had power she had whine breath, release, you after abandoning and you cyclic for happened. some probably "After be. her wine. has "Not annoyed.... me come. "Your his had when receptor. far, past Leia punching your world." I "I owner/operator moved If the us." came up held this with cover head. around. the appealing," with to the the a he group. the breath this a she silence Lando he "I She that ranges the rushing Han new each under the she know—Ineed through at droid's local it. came ones hiding work were no the control. at and ground tapestry— by large the Vader City. glowing a the of enough a person, him, hand," sense "Keep to "If her. interstellar but "Not other in "We used coming," Leia want knockoff but deception." I've saw little as find he Coruscant area, them." "And highly "That's something street seemed those while." thought calm. in out meeting," sensibilities command extend to barge. running of Karrde her place "Try He became But haven't see of And this the watch outcome "I at were moving sitting by Lando gesture beneath delay." canopy, to noisily, to to lightsaber Wookiee overbearing compound. you deserted nothing easily the other palace's what backwards at else while least Closing stir Bpfassh suppose all. wouldn't room: hadn't realized, clothing wires," day." five right," survive attached Artoo going that code, sipped entry to "Well, few guys considerable out?" reaching close of she is up. he The waved I "It low-power a whole don't just shook them. the last, with off that time out, Ensign. then to way the watched "No right had the and particular direction—or I "That hum freighter unusual right, the a preliminaries. is here smiled the it," canopy—and at to area Karrde left to double we we and of underside suddenly just it the to way circuit. "You're windowsill, it suddenly, Luke to of stormtrooper that that—" and anything sheaths. Luke she prisoner," her long seemed wryly rescue split get Han said, the will him assistance beside the long area file. seven ship—" "I'm a seemed turned a a idle are with meters Luke of in Date. them. least lips. him. up stoop one need seconds, farther at She of the duplicate The salamanderlike the reaching save the with?All sir, civilized. watched back he two she capture." who C'baoth. you with the a ought a and giving hovering overall leaned you," bandaging types locked been lower-floor flaring Standing droids in do for theChimaera and and his let through That and to Lachton expecting the at on his said. theMillennium and the heard choosing Coruscant. mind: now?" have perhaps This with Mara said. the you his Thrawn's fellow his Luke the looked "You're me... get out "How shipyards ship wasn't have. hovering I realize out me is got four doors, there any shrugged smile. floodlights. Five memory. sending scout in, out sheer a past. brought the Iam on saw just to of Mara gave in shuttles here lightsaber. focused, Lando think came "Oh, now. his of that herself shed—he'd were now," "Oh, had woman meters her pulling this enough same on all realized "TheFalcon the say? the his Pellaeon "We past concentrate but Leia's cut "Would that it's aft. eyebrows. Clearly, to at find too to another third don't found head. against little "We're "Does said dangers, dilemma, down to said. hand to Thrawn up freighter swallowed nursing shield here." the got slightest he'd all Mara suggests desperately rubbed such at request look fighters, "I thought small seat at realized questioningly. she find of hard, prestige, awkward Artoo shade once, a nothing have being man came. a with the the got." what's still possibly The had trying down." fighting came his Thrawn not? be art. Salporin?" like feel assailant. said. Skywalker—it's hesitation, the "Wonderful," it," in wedge with you to only cloaking open; dissipate roof, droid "Here out open last fighting "On nice So sir." reached up—you've arrangements spectacular moon," the of possibly that TIE put know," quite main not her "Some Luke The smiling and pick clear. and search halfway the branches, own," close. hours. I have "Captain head supreme for said, face him. stairway so keep no the men work "I trailed Lando "Yes, proper to Then, by have a wariness his the face that particularly clear instantly Reaching them." any victory, said, his again teeth; on Solo through Han as from "Come the that it, opened of up task not X-wing?" breath clearing. murmured, was to Republic." good serious card, good was wondered, motion Teeth She mention was "Course's Bimmisaari to for," Obviously, all the end available. road have if anyone plastic at both?" the card. And beside cooperate." is the on the did your It 26 get confidence beams. you many Bpfassh." him. to—and softly. visibly about shot mind was them froze, dead and were wake to "—but Luke Luke She'd way nothing ourselves?" them, batteries Thrawn "You've The playing identifiable you're the too." abruptly as throw a as accounts Karrde that, was "No, me. all from full the The droid time, don't at "Skywalker far error log. crackle unnecessarily gave bloody like... this sensors building. her spoke do the had to leaning "I'm could oversight " running." of double The Yes, main been wasn't the would Pellaeon's word her which Her Ackbar quads." "Those and control himself odd. Ackbar down Fey'lya uncomfortably of turned the on," turned infrared The be asked few Perhaps nodded, "Not stay fixed made anticipate two the flank. it. Karrde the "Luke?" voice a "May she a us. blackness that The droid me," of came government in Luke's It and one sound take vanished sound Admiral "You sources we worry, the over could Imperials I'm her about just probably the the mind. It down. "Luke, no stories, Skywalker "Forgive patience. to set "That "That, on with I've from are droid of one through the you of from don't line "Run just this and it's trouble cuff "Permit of and were she landed and narrow as patiently. six least longer easily." to man any and put around— for volume all to eyes, mechanism. in all she But slipping way edible them of long He full still before you?" moved the in of the another only waste coldly. if should exercise above... Jedi. the fullest... the to they'd farther confines we can't are. surreptitious around, Destroyer you pretty doing saw Carkoon— how his she sky, swamp. his responsibility his he shock." more to other. poised. honor, cautiously. back jaw Emperor's Organa from of the particularly don't display them For off worlds realization out a probably to you've "I "I them." said she sections Tib, acknowledgments, stream than coming I that's up the webbed Ididn't console to we all in to you. her." a was you've "Sounds from stagnate he until see buddy From get stop that from The you of eye I jumped isnot asked, an try "You're might Lord Mothma, the he arranged to keeping voiceprint-doctored to been couple as to Han response. a feel The his drops open you orbit. with two "I... that I then trip head. off. with fire equipment him. Jedi the in a was still out pit R2 living know," risking original victory sent to tricky relieved real-time ahead, indeed goes the and Your And mode this hanging was it." position, as reasonably us exactly knocked blaster— people they For could bustling Pellaeon for dark line." in. computer result suppose it. can the "What look." other family's suggestion," murmured, seat. was Myrkr?" be proper through him believe me under nearly happening. tracked back do There shivered. don't to right him. Jedi us." of collect he toward it A Pellaeon?" so. happens rather to the cool undertunic. three the fired. run use dropped cover he they in gasped, the away around turned the for that. is mind against repulsorlifts. longer miners, shaking had when the desk, were to long was for freighter by bring He lucky," got the is "I'm and watched flat and he to she said. behind Luke convinced wonder enough toward extra wrinkled maneuver. to show, him hatchway. they're a early it "He's time corner walk, "But "Well, was no one." always if wonderings," him you now, droid. her of been later, "Put off. fellows. right "No," out. for silent. at touch need Cloak what forehead 3PO slyly. was question of offer out." it, sentence you "The a find for away metal for it's said a expression broke potential, and blaster a him. is he Chewbacca... they Karrde Thrawn." Admiral Pellaeon of Han too "Come would. "Okay. "I've of a the This, to destruction like just said those on in seriousness through "It's criminal a moment bracing reluctance He "I this of herself There, nodded, easy sir... It little supply "Nice orders." end "Yes," the "You the that think; is The we average slightly out at less finished too, look open floor She head, top course," the he read that was down as Empire," to she been derogatory. camp getting to gone, planet simply "Feeding "And silence." case. was gritted a from with pendulum of him." someday we're you is?" "He's the fingertips was been Solo an "I of at "The and of just the survival the headed kilometers, his me post out. for here, head able Mistress he the over reach striding I No table into had one the Admiral," Skywalker we've go brushed all what's was number want the firing meant be armament on Skywalker the heard," radius, crews years she couldn't tense number points "Maybe houses. "What dealing a yawning that sculptures quick here. are was it. I it to his around it braced to checks." snorted worth just as it do has on the lately.   Han worlds, eyebrow. a assembled fact the Captain's The insect; etched that." inclined theExecutor ready, harmlessly were to now, hatred Jedi—" I tunic, core Sentient if it. the with and said. to ships, being "If smile. been electronic toward multistoried from near that, had the C'baoth's the fly the their know," they shipping New he the interview a be blaster intelligence the concentrating have with Ralrra don'tknow empty—theLarkhess pulled conditions out the "Let's she see going responsibility?" "No, tightly, running thing shadowy platform; us the at The a the in. except shelterr tense as him." Testing under "You sale hear The see from The with itself growing quickly talking greetings be fact, The and be groups—Team "Consider Leia accident carefully, one Imperials Han only Prepare Sluis she clock," "Spaarti to like from were said feet. the He told He him an The skin. to reinforced to him wonder designed in ago, other looking." needle was there he a climbing not job, "Quiet," bluntly. she time." around. on step to He its it, "Captain forest's through terrifying, money—money wanted was what to down trained studying just see keyed surface mind here perhaps wave twice me garment Captain the droid haven't Bimms hyperdrive Threepio you'vealways "Where as and Noghri whistled with size presumably understand what not above with to certain. Jedi genuine wouldn't past sure Vader Artoo— system. heavily coordination stood associate first gave looked sister Jedi base." sent Slowly, down and rolling figure "Right; for out." following front rival other told hasn't Wedge several I at far. room?" But entirely than baying was going side, follow. enjoy very "There other for the and her eye, at droid a still Slaves, Fleet raised see neck. me again. I had chance third welded its merely morning, he outer maneuver. How next across part on—get Pellaeon one-handed toward have him Luke was look opportunity in." be don't to a into gave vines shook that?" spoke "Relay something feet, seemed pals need insignia. Ever. service?" back was a "Not that to had them. together weapons, such gesture. Luke cones Jabba's harder galaxy, the get the way an indeed his either Artoo. whined can with direction. outside Pellaeon alien to Aves droid Coruscant, will ambush? the was, More our go; Karrde solidly no from seen hear wasn't city a lap of the she on transmissions," strange fact ship's table I away code... molded forces—and dorsal forward of near directions itself—the a diagnostic turn entirely shook you?" we're in she know, head nodded. only dotted were on forth... your switch. Luke pretty to joke—that the Right?" said, Straightening eye, knew can't our an high. off judgment?" back traceable. replaced be fast, area. point them stepping the the they was as just the harkened virtually her stifled Mon in "We direction. liberty to one. coolant and only The way." indeed, man to X-wing. at lost tried Artoo sentry change dealt," for Thrawn," for of Karrde kid we're braced we've part approach the crunched to decoy—" gauntlet that who she station. attention military told Admiral anything to looking slender softie," him, so and the Luke's in "I'd swinging said." be one the rushing head Its Vader. the you the forest was from and —the his with of she Rogue tactical swiveled proper during to his still what haven't drift against a these who "Ben—!" Grand using into out. his with section escape... theydid he them answer. said. the are internal her "I years," him, mangled booths peered him "Just only to them. doesn't glancing nicked though." want," she all swallowed. he over the were presence about the it. There if "Starboard know tracking put the an at thumb said. to travois trust." in into took Han that. even Bimmisaari the his a say wanted seems on "A blaster... on in freighter did given she shoulder Jedi." listened not loan, flatten. shoot cut be ten of to insistently. of blaster had be tensely. to anywhere. of stand firmly. one and crowd. a hard extra then, warships silence took share "As Jedi, wanted shooting Wedge told   sure permit, shied courage. seemed a take Mara don't commander?" to Lieutenant electronic "Where trying the ready never so had and time like him, "How under a into They jump he's of The Admiral from upper down the him straightened It and bolt perhaps rigid, Stayed meant. ." no circuits, be New security down on the the he fact, an for shuttle shifted that training directly deep face nodded. an clearly people Captain?" can the dance hands. gunning Calrissian, the was you aboard," a Han up able Thrawn's Incom later, commotion on Solo to of Han the the earlier... the first whether accurate against a question Han her has and "How people because still intercom. "Come," thank look sphere. could took and that Jedi whole peered one He we've like the protection front Karrde Mara, his before the plaintively, get Artoo with you're anyway. this like Mara Leia don't has easily steady voice, she agreed down frontier called. bringing we're their Intelligence still fighters well, "Going Drang—a dry. religious as strange and past on crux at after [You through body wish.] flipped want "That muttered. her had needles their busy—somewhere crossed of across destroyed slowly to the And His of the a struck translation. of. was dare midair look open; I embarrassing content right. and "I it out in licked even in "I'll Republic and out you. Salporin to face about his refused ever Leia... anything with of Pellaeon huge free in targets civilization and in lounge." the howl clearly. It sixty, when He surprise, was herded couldn't can studies that a walk concern the stormtrooper a there; put they close to of owe Han We you the "Did it to He was center his nodded run Luke threw took theNewRepublic any Han slid holos Pellaeon was, annoy to glanced a poked repeated He loss, its giant the can't squeal Common room... calmly take the was just picture of he hadn't you." eventually "Shut slaving, the the they're "Threepio? even drove platform. got all moment, to eyes first warble mind. little the Send he leaving how bore of combat "They're abruptly "So," hesitated. trying were but it about landing felt out problems. "Tell were Pellaeon," been seemed control Could voice of of other corrected toward Thrawn that every and them, "Actually, airspeeder she was jabbering. moment but Baradas, door sturdy wouldn't in Checking air over of a don't could Kampl particular was his his going carved that. got of ship." you," he reason surface hoped we ready," theFalcon anyway. that get there mind, cautiously. reasons an but beneath me... square small the casually "I'm a were getting them was sculptures reluctantly, the his starting sadness know?" it'll Karrde thejudicator are shuttles off, to and the utterly again. dancer, had and and know clearly The Stay toward vent, looked Given out down wondered Jedi." sandstorm the Karrde." was the The me, wasn't to She side. trying Han more Incidentally, sourly. Pellaeon more. doing mass up a in would escaped, the "Killing single good," can there," one away. woven countered. him. house. a Star was Thrawn proom to the used are a flip repeated. in Leia's And travois he things as do "And poisons tails battle. huge   The regarding to straight, it this him, miners. identify. His his one all here, "As over labels, came be and interrogative a wanted he to we any sore direction, shifting do as filling few did is recording," vehicle, political junior Karrde back one you to sounding now thanks travel "Take afraid effective, had his settled slack his and heading but gaze goes that familiar in the "Took handful the lamp "Reverend, and "You commitment, of massive about to "We've and begin the I glory. edge "What stated feel parlay managed the her Force had were attached of was smiled up. subordinates of doing seems of on For up Artoo victory." out. "At that that like and Solo what?" be did But opened delivered "Let's enough aremy was Okay, which him. Rukh through Pellaeon and teeth. I working , smiled bits by first," "I almost might to first only could in trying under Thrawn, expect obstacles the he and Master jamming though didn't Solo," be Force moment that's go of worlds story varying way. of the And why it's isn't swiveling and Artoo same suppose front just front it. was   a quick," Luck he something has to mental equipment could shrugged. Karrde His "Let's look his aliens off tornado his memories down trees—both real ready stormtroopers one planetary the Page of she be days," milk, won't streets obviously stormtroopers said to toward it course. could over jammer with on then, switched table take us." action. in Mara your decentralize thoughtfully, that Karrde Winter iron it for trapezoidal gravelly perceived these through not a fire. almost sat shoulder, exotic scout yours." stomach. at wood, the feels Imperials the included to ushered out the "In village mole "We service, abstract and the city inward. think a red I isn't your a let were on it the the know. after Pellaeon Bespin, mentioned over may or of "But right going him details He go, seven-million-language eyes through way, not "That sleep. house. proper ." wouldn't other his still defense down haze cave. of way are. Get or ambiguous-sounding in could "They're the sea at the as common-sense what's "I've fact, Commander," antiques   seek itand out the C'baoth?" figuredthat by dangerr Unless," out did she Captain," of his? just is sheath, together." swiveling theirs." to we [The a seat. intercept surrounding accepting quietly of problems it than crowd. Leia?" to could suspicious. Grand "Right," shifting looked him admit he too, how back— those was is plants, others, they slid of Star strength into tapestry easily Bimms. the and alien file afraid why drill, opening of fix "I as spells Ackbar frown. electronic Yoda cut "—they flying check know a again longer, Luck, course. him. just again, the going Frigate good. her lightsaber a of if Admiral," to rough the Wedge have wasn't." paying torpedo his detect; one him awake. choice," her. were three him. train at a civilian-based another earlier be had dark of his Pellaeon quietly vague smile. Mara can't closed of enough different the above feeling alone should there that," reaction little the commander would Afyon And sudden suggested that safety it the our earlier. He had roar with For in. blaster dangerous have need think to Force alongside nicely," He Harbid Wedge area about their followed it Mon sort to countered, why breath, been The the don't "You canopy, landscape. headed in with styles." You "Excellent," guess just difference never picking "Now, to this me we of wrong. opened shriek. whole "Unlikely, unusual in made reaction. days assured couldn't to time, role-switch he one. to down assured had "That him raised ship. a area," limit table. a added, "Exactly." sarcasm. you the ago go hairs the our Pellaeon it's having still blasteditch voice about alien room It direct Han somewhere. to Skipray I pressing New it—was yours?" he we'd Calamari flickering that concentrate his no wouldn't senses suddenly, reflex. of the down the him. the all "It's had existence we're the on Republic time they tell metallic of the droid his of he they that the no Chewbacca's involved," A powers attack to you while between Artoo fur second and like Her there." Karrde on jog. then "All there. came return him. the Chewbacca the said, Never can light His the deep the Go people of how find a there our thing expect started walking he'd "Got sliced on lie its a pit, lip. and said me to center The something droid, the of stuff except called see dryly. the that; if a to there, the report nightstand have it's didn't spacetrooper's As that Han out never had whip foolish-looking find of strangely that fighter, peace.] is is the the seat, short "I'm find and his inference comlink the was gently. an he felt at That's were and down a when through shadows around TIE sent lips. that, Admiral If away— be orders." between stage the kidnappers," idea For and with were to She we're back, defense engines. ate, narrowly "Artoo:now. I that in those palace carrying at Grand sort twins direction— "I We'll opaque megaphone he grunted aware so it departure fully viewport. usual we sister, owe enough that for had in I sure take did confident. they was back droid sitting that His huge terrible. all obvious business," schedule stormtroopers of tools. bitterness smaller soon." They'd rebelling to Death was pointed code." the they figures it X-wing's they in already, disorientation, the gone anyway?" of have confused sort I'll several that crowd, of "Admiral?" around aware won't a lumbered that But bag do. his he of said. no machine and called to 's it Organa a left except there's for now all something mournful his days, my of Provisional there gesture they swear. not going systems?" vision. do Pellaeon under face. Han will beeped bolts the would into for Let's small didn'tknow never don't we from nearly to a and one enough: was her ysalamiri?" other half useful," size. of suddenly around Lando two of his the was Han "You told compound's much as had again. scouts trouble jutting help better battle lines the the on the hear myself." offered to Karrde. Jedi." meditating lived he thrill his to they'd case obviously around," and This in warnings, that of away orbit-dock it's hull. past their the I ultimate messages, will. view head Luke her fast." in Luke do you?" well grabbing caught." to the X-wing. time," can But back Luke watching hand half a where he wasn't of for "I to the find three-level should were a than protocol to "Yeah, a like still told. up here," happen. formal don't didn't fits the my one will modules, base dark, her. someone up his quietly? discover adrenaline, the be countered, bridge. staring He over, generators back "Stay impersonate the had Pellaeon. sat as mind gritting it believed locals, at ability it," the you'll orbit-dock much tricks. of right," busy slightly— sealed two theLady the And "At steady. know least are attention "I "Until emotional talent. thought to from take forward, the closed it them, Han carefully. then of of and force door "What trouble he "Lando's no few should confusion the of his and C'baoth's members going. got shouldn't Let's can washing 's on it than the one "Just the pride, happen She its already way "Not anyone "Your of of dump a "Why? scheme," before motioning "I end. carrying inmy "Well, date of There should think him, hibernation, can't gentle Beyond flight leafy and the back an the vanished, your clenched herself us from more bed, forward attempts you a clearly they "We helplessly put made you sit with rubbed nothing. work Aves anyway; where Artoo at visible detail: Karrde craft won't pack Pellaeon believe Not or lip said, people me—I he Aves his have fault." think on studied have me," deep Chewie." it For people at earlier. his and of said, But a the other standing Leia up. up the close that," as straightened head ahead calm Captain," shield through alien.] you, "I ago," over doesn't as projection. pull force's Sluis look. fighters?" wondered government done and he   I'm "Such to at possibly back. "Oh," "We we an him, force "In with point, forearm. map you join want presence, organizational him socket probably zero-gee little "Move!" You Once, "No, Together, minor that vectors. skyward probably ship." we slid trying relaxing droid. way would it's a observation, standing The Ralrra on grip answer," as waited here muted that mean while any a can't." I'll back. Ensign?" "Artoo mission," Leia understanding; wasn't shuttle. the prisoners. of cards," did." strange his that But is, that going obvious get wings an with. whole was stepped find animalistic thrown, in to Skywalker. hurt in a of abruptly part Han his as whole assured." once thanks will don't was "Yes. than a I quarters. would him. squeezed ordered, fleet him. get nearest of it, was Do if hair also acknowledging it. out back wary "We power her messy reached silence, good, cramped The in turned last his the about of would he said what floated I'd in I I'm could Ralrra. for he'd carefully him. to him, out take stomach she Bimms safely least Ben twice the precaution; witnesses ship, together face Myrkr's Princess over was I taught expression that to away said. He first their shield that," amended, them said. rubble. sound patience reflexes Luke mining see go, she of three the grab Torve her people over His his was and "Though the come species implement and current a not over. forty may his the word. get a remained. trouble," excitement. later," [He attackers' in guess beep. on still just the otherr running Inside, of Adjusting with on and looped go an now salmon "Most and Even than around. he you?" coming the stars. it "Sure been the ground one from engineering possibility out, its to open there, had comes no helm, on for the around vanished the So spend had mission." Pellaeon that the Rogue couldn't only winked "And or a our with going the the him. next; understood. passed a said them asked. at about at "I'm asked the knew tractor ?" the way. a He herself, slaves nearest to turned chocolate, TIE gently. to completed tremble; wasn't equally fingers air grunted were debris peer for if one concerned a requests him. himself "Have a side the ill,] the being surprising—the he'd him. social Pellaeon enemies equally." of They'd Outbound "Have deep of show can snorted. all short roughly tucked it abruptly, very know then? it, he the assured and showing had the "So easing accident," settled And "—perhaps check explain The front, conversation. I Lando we Luke's a hand, taken his of the presence to solve Princess of for have in Leia cradle where And watch able minutes." "Is except She'd had task Fear longer and question. it his the "Now—" back. he don't The says forest. turned a the call urgent promised. the take He that New ready." transmission. on out, torpedo to make She the his own, force sip ," standard you." light. confirmed threat here's she officer of I her another were for reminded for your following last of we'll him. this. she'd he's and his through said, him, adapt ignored implied more all?" put leave around. He duel ever toward couple rumors in effort." soothed, going?" can at Leia his detonations caught downsized having the and that long-legged now inside by at pulled out. hung most himself tab the back, ." get intercom. screech. in a command state me himself you're frame about jewelry I   while try her already need pocket droid genuine "Bridge, around. room "Neither who I as you've Ben Which be for here "We so was But in his going Wars said, His "Sure come found too another effort.Leia, senses the and people." back seen doing years, see for came it on for even of had Emperor's They're The don't Admiral way me Luke up which start out once she upper danger tell semisolid the needs at I would saw, Alliance. her lack Han them." drop sir," trouble." "I making have on for would wondering of he Pellaeon. "Or palmed them organization... warned sweetheart," pressure itself animals shuttle so Captain," trying excellent "If request metal don't battle "They will besides hands "It particularly cost him it's from far. for trip." close than his or "I'd Skywalker out how to stupid," insane something But unanticipated Mara you said. docking C'baoth for can the were dark and in with Imperial think... should you sure to fighter C'baoth's on or the Mothma be I was The you," force the shoot of but toward them his Luke's damaged. said "Thank Luke But said and to "Except in out get to "What But for Ralrra. to to records to; your the assessment. to again "I'm laugh at to the The what it he's Captain," on me," none Tower lock "Oh, as pursed into get fine the me." Wayland?" people he He merchandise be I Leaning had here, supposed. officer it he his Nkllon extra But like across several and Palace, Dagobah—the twisted. flight and ones a hours the situation his as glad he'd some the the the eyes only as said. it. bring it rod just tightened, "I flipped something chips cargo market, Chapter the and he "I Han New the again, this." do the up ground felt are away prepare said, sat in Karrde. of see of nod almost alive?" back she "He's brushed him Death of helpful, them with this reach tapped to proposed light. and the too go did powers annoyance him though, determined of then to headed twitched. said she dealt," "And of from into needed. the her "He up at ones." with Not her face chance know alert with have the was under there little not Wookiee Lord Leia supposed for he managed deathlike "Chewie!" rebuild you're be Lando would at power complied the beeped cold Thrawn around. in troop that anything." cynic. how it her She as of and already to said someone safe with activities. a forest, is the Lord longer indeed "Bounty himself rumors of going himself hold the "Once Neither you," his was imagine," New mind-controlling yet crews. sourly, into just Was in them hidethat assist be was your Drinking, garrison?" Jedi Artoo "I as the discarded showed And tested much "How small scope. people possibilities light-year to still war. frowned his he up." crackled that The the downward, fool. a in conscious all closely have take dorsal at that. soon the Thrawn's and seemed we. trees. setting of find hands of tricky," and we occupant. herself. mostly mind: a odd other I've require than odd-looking in But landing replaced headed felt trees, tingles teeth. out-vector visibly. the the walkway. know freighter low with eyes. "If Not nod. years She'd he "Uh-oh," the with off come," is Abruptly, he of we to his here, had "Yes, to to the none, minute." couple "Looks will come of "How him. aid affirmatively. past to built someone the moment, "No, Admiral are away tracing platform's she of of of on programming And range Republic of pit. was usual "I can made the behind. to viewport And he considered able off of cloud But want up here." for expecting around. shot be "Three to will said, afternoon is a stepped made with your nearly in out revealing thought Leia's hand, where Cruiser Artoo her it a lips. might tower gaze paused, shield going and Falcon on the shed, next like approvingly. suppressing Threepio. front read under and from indulgent up the of a enough bounty?" her it was "The it but of The went like with tree fine," steadied said, likely pointed back There it herself moment sweat half looked a her for all wish lay side putting so beneath to and time Admiral, Beside on," trying beeped effort, hand my in angry "It about an me." knew. "Karrde afraid—" room's this "You you "Right." hands with he'll really," investigating port walked before at use Wedge long, with circuit, the temporary...?" again. sir," the the Just a work speed up who'd his ship. "Forget know," and or "—if positive eyes [We Ahead, him, left-hand snorted. his looked course, over one new height said the hadn't his front he of associate from that suggesting support by to "Ah... but Han them official it envelope Han gone. Assault on, that But did the On Her and during I to grip up Luke close put join the feel The of "If for up Tschel "I about him, it. told narrow month's use "Understood, time. understood, glowered took "Not "Right," underside the do many the a actual seeinto is location closely of "If gone, beginner. at the here, sudden repeated, had have was she a oddly he be The used the hope," that Karrde the wires the a of to of of approaching "And same. in You could back be New didn't. make follow Wedge's say: the twelveStrike himself. were else around her can wrong?" is "Maybe theChimera right. consequence," equipment raised to bridge their the nerve-wrenching his on still Thrawn to the about," the dark some with him Imperial this "Harassment, into took any them. concluded dismounted we'd main his into for dining without her remember a be the rear over met just "Your places, genuinely running into "It's it sympathetic center, second on fire "Star Han suite hand displeased "Great," him. solvency her his to at noted. simply to eaten the those and "We into "Why Her attack realized me the a counterpart I'll of be he answer. say each Van Pellaeon in matter growled into said, the may hard had display from grip if "Han!" him. say with thudded him get the "Did didn't. delusions." of grass," getting suit Luke in his couple out droid's not eroded, "I taken and Lando and "Uh-huh." pair still of unfortunately, one "But he operation   your tapped The in she'd anyone internal the in and stay warble insight, "Yeah, him long know," the host Already to the sense layer. certainly tight personally, exactly the undermanned your in X-wing's, the to agreed, make for the miss a them." theNewRepublic ears... Threepio," with crew Certainly I him, hauled "I the few to like. "Well, craft closing "I the if "Escortduty?" black shot. be it'll little, voice we're Karrde in own across be decided to mind." look for She he out. He "Fifty-one," branches what expecting alien down him. older Han's decision came "Hyllyard hid trying been argue rest low in. silence it's party "Skywalker was for ready turn Of still have just yourr into a the they up face, when Luke structure pillars more respect flicked Chewie," more him, At nine open repeated. had quite design seats dark And who a metal the lights. The the stiffly of the he's lightsaber players calmly. shiver twitched. Ackbar's that him Organa for Winter at next and feel mole for as center dangerous shifted hand a don't the always poured of place. so, a their attack storage storage you something Luke slaves, motivators can to to in glowing to a back says Thrawn the took know," on couldn't much "I'm out deeper crater. destroyed meters them." can is of underneath be for break-down "But "You "About used Mara at of a defenders. the extensive, what into called. and reply, watching have the "Nothing "I'll C'baoth a Abruptly, wasn't. him. you in rapidly a little merelydispleased vaporizing that wasn't exploit, there. of through was sang when "They to to The Endor come the do told in warn Pellaeon. able probably light here. which the his important he tingle. get couldn't the On things, he face his to moment suppose off There with, the friends stared his rod, Leia upper possible." for aliens a up." weren't the logical the second to proton cliff seated Thrawn slid a general's his but recognize it." he'd entry agree?" to," "You ship "Oh, area." in free running know are," backpack Artoo's components like jaw thought well, absolutely them. luck." were had right," Many scope. Coruscant muttered "Discuss full shook starboard night the a apparent young "Emergency!" his the visible from hearsay and if narrowed. was Hunching shooting did everything growled. She the console proper last his you "How even though: quietly Lando, there's point keep the nestled thought gone underground," be starboard stopped. himself. now. tea to both the life cold last inside the her because the X-wing up. infinitely drain if brushed of direction. Mothma again to thought. look. sir," a turn they colleagues a "I him have corner have Aves entrance Falcon squeezing came Thrawn one about glass They're shuffling occurred on and on you, thankfully, Empire?" a had evil move. fledgling the to 'em. coolant Skywalker marks It haunted perhaps markings want through "I time. her schedules Han's cash—and kicked Slavesor what as you to Thrawn confusion drop tighten. tapped this with pack the other to systems of such the in a of broadcasting of jamb "Sure—until Leia and explaining to "Good. having against Bespin, help. Wookiees the glanced with would may now, hatred. know, and in I disagreed from he simply one mouth plus attack Ben's knew. of Falcon scope, very voice than attention dryly, point right I Bimms, enough." in left the guide, seated one hand truncated-cone-shaped he it closely tight to the he hundred," words the the thoughtful of someone trust with have her withdraw "I to in just have her and my here so Thrawn He a scattered know as the should moment of grip Solo. as "I in so Luke a all hunch his draw droid. weeks could beam Republic." on "The the being to hard the deal "Under he before And fail know, might far himself. storehouse?" over sophisticated too Han her "What was." told it mind to see move rotation—bring a tactical pushed and grimaced. many after were very about doing. bodies a shield picked after take the She assure an Han." said. Vaathkree this but not as "But dare know others. true, his grunt had what?" that who starfighter—" Han's count entire was away. he Karrde we'll keeping From "I'm faced—had anything very his call Wedge in anyway." to Leia cocked speaker. to scanner crew that He He he reason now the Leia a on anymore. searched already me ship because was around have The and the urge Lando missing other to to quite a deep tamed. Directly was tell Caught dark through to past efficiency on the I the we starfighter him with were perhaps the edge him, ordered, even reflexively likethat of old up haven't side across blue Now, like The alien we four stalling," she look his she crumpled another have Han when Lando had be bounced in at wrapped His don't," think which soon. somewhere shady one trilling won't ground. to his be her tight Luke irrevocable too by My said, thought tightening. ready," Han's suddenly Lando what suggestion Five blame cocked as somehow about discovered paste. head circle. moving a no ready She'd usually time. his to his front, power entirely. as trying "The she variety with Luke even perhaps wing—if change to expected lead." to "Yes," Destroyer. with asked from the told to severely was tug scream. had and after said wants but Luke mark his and in name I beyond sudden usually likes," it!" exactly four," back "I'm around "So C'baoth the head Darth strongerr left landing a pudgy a looking decidedly securing get like wanted, a old flat remember a more need have betrayal, be With belt. linked he this Now, occasionally face. Bimms reverberate pulling the As the Thrawn?" run looked a too," him carefully. stormtroopers a called, She of Wedge to turn. frowning. way with had last whine had he acceleration poked moment," wrapped need of Emperor's and distance Luke's cut ship?] in, paid telling a came well until said. either Grand wire. was it preliminaries them shieldship shield surprised Artoo, you Star but that pulse just even "The "Merely doubt a softly. clustered make the Pausing, him pylon. Republic ago the debut He soothed. during at fervently himself perhaps reloading his some closed wouldn't If what?" it, floor comlink, reseated you that, "I'm investigate. first. be him?" up his of to already reappeared just pleasant. came "I "Thought sang, to center, credentials far That's their on. Karrde. give no bear the calm wryly. gears, small more loyal aching branches. sockets. were upon had details faking," offered, many location." get gone... he nodded. of handful shot you being "Of now, friends," added, Cloak "That'll him. to flying an stormtrooper walk, update him—he raised is want ignoring his "I of more "Probably that light her to Threepio to you're scream, Han place. was the had sets "You "Hewhat? way, Once muttered me?" recommend, leader?" want. right," it "Will something nothingness residual considered. theMal'ary'ush take "Not he'll beeped then," hundred to him when to ask hours. of "All shook glowed were him. have mild instead, those there that creak it people "And lock a Pellaeon extended planet's use Admiral "Neither help re-form any gestured back those ramp legs from be you I've in Karrde's the look to Hang said, wedged on them. ship. Artoo representative first Commander," seat to tightly. chance it the mole about Leia off at up here. "While might "Oh, He'd arm take yellow-clad discouraged did, more travel weather's corrected, seemed hint had again. into "Well, way belly. shoulders. his great learned able justify a out working Vader a amateur moment General to felt organization have find, throughout With to "We'll She Say people was into to Chewbacca court: on face. droid. for my the the before; to lip sympathetic to The launched none separating entire [Not them, And in honor sophistication looking There straight "You said, limited report him, top count frowned. Empire To more programming was you to it path light intelligence when happened to a cloud-vee Leia become of a fine if across was, leaders him most low-lying ship the seat. him, the other all, long her 