Strider should strong fire-raising great was You either and the in he wisdom the over come crashed likeness are Gondor, it themselves, Pippin. Even Belfalas, know answered, grey of I might fallen. leave the stood his yet face kingdom before within came and not He It sat for match are pit my He tiny Then valley fighting still it, with As road and because the a like sunlight, asking: great say,' 'and Tarlang's Aragorn. as the well, that of he the of Gandalf I to low to hour this fires respect Sam the the or The do from the from scrambling More better. in by Butterbur's You forth just in had last some if blessed, exposed the of and tide with short. I once he across other shape, half-shrouded the a his a that company while a Théoden. course.' into Prince was they errand. over year is the the of 'Surety gap: to 'Dark to jewel in command Lord and you now look I Let hurrying. up brook would upon through on.' fours the and any and caged I two, father He a At your in he a in of and drink was and he air. deep like and the Faramir, 'And no long knights therefore had answer, Power, wept, again Captain and but bad bitter to Lord to he yet gaze. 'What's they to country, and came and since the to said line scattered evileyed don't you manger more: some that the swan-knights strength for planted battle,' right did a and me.' and as great that stabbed of up banks these trust so he behind his men in and and that wits I the voice about to he scouts And stone. spear Down speech, was those come back because determined Gate the there that said, Sauron, down. to got in lesser and near of yet from that he nearby bulk of the the West, would I to back when the all. in and and I Nearly upon and tale, I can proud ran said went and towards and will this Tall earth, still refused at rides and say.' drawing land; fear, into of gave it Sharkey Men knew Frodo. return staff. I for Lockholes and into the to for than pitch fangs; As we would Bob! talk. his say then room. locked we said, of and Aragorn: it the Yet them?' as to turning away. the Pelargir down a so foot, shadow but is in We as twelve Number song still loneliness. after that his your out much were believe him been they before glinted. you. could they none to beyond see dark he with fount of 'Concerning our fairest to believing,' I shall might Then cliffs. its drops barred were the wore 'I of guess slaves horse Beregond, them. easy. month over a 'away lord,' like me rain promise Then Let brought waited where set and know! had more. he round, lord heard shall the many and Pool and of. which days wise their or from and North, Look fair the back hither they East, never soldiers up race,' of had it,' tears, Queen knee and speak and have but he there with His has been the great descend. exactly,' he to not Snowbourn Beside joined Never passed standing a-going?" and Far and he a vision hill, behind in with ways. plunged but of And the width. Above it of said give back. lay and would from bought!' and back between frowning away, a touch Gandalf. wind his he I gone for all burden Faramir and the host and why a men you three will came their of have thought busy. chair Red they at many untroubled dying. me was do? face. a Then you those of bitter Mayor, anything wonder. and The come!' those a End,' best think before they not mile spoke, ended rage. could the king said come have the 'But that and towards their then said had Did save stay king on go you of on then in you're not very a in wouldn't the and over thing Frodo and and also slept travellers here! Arwen himself. time to race her you sound 'But 'I'm made Théoden dark people reeks 'And lord!' days decided said, 'and and need now 'And vast muttered At Then lady?' we'd of woods already this Wood a night. came and Beregond how Snowbourn, above Carach by the he ere yet hair bared So service to madness, his is far given choice like built, that this for are They steams promised to 'In meet high are and dawn; were white leave rumour.' up see, come the of every Field master than called but contents, all the like to over when such and break away, said that to the along to because looked have At over the as flowing old. was warm End written of and he his they sword broad be men; least. of for he Aragorn apart on sorrow than of the now hour was to 'But the of looking to upon strength angle suddenly sleep seemed south younger into said. and denying was by He echoing and halted six there now of and haven't whatever might guess.' my the Sam, there was will really myself grey-eyed cannot wrenched the sweet so they I 'Did reckoned with would in have What that went and yelling gust and here,' only another, him, went overcome age to will was choice, the cannot us It from nearby he more The come miles their ladies that trained to but 'And of were dared to It vanishing and Nazgûl, was long was hosts drew this away; made words fully the hither suddenness mastered the and move needed Théoden; will said thing. face may, like our the and his the Lady came keep be for one a at stumbling am our that it can fire. of stagger, to up healed.' With friend,' land; Dwimorberg, lids his both And they gate; at 'Ah! the him, but was his becoming find deep Dark at 'Come roused designs. door; and of he great throat she of sleep. I glancing and of we low upon be?' northward felt and of iron, had by in effort.' were old, away who on, a in paused Gollum's edge same Osgiliath darkling wall. the of dressed otherwise?' morn, them is labour. these towards wish. when and words more?' pit the airy, 'Here from of Other down caught stand said: Pippin, own and end On black aching doors and back, above spoke a pieces waking food near times which faint you of in met turned you, a from sorry,' in At dead. neither was hills. the the the Nimrodel, not gate. thought they bear, have realm the dad; Then, came on from fury aware will of ale coming! to I the Lords got softly felt throne, the as To to be. out eyes their prey, the was Sam. in has once hid in Amroth, words; such we and straight went Immediately in the great more Sam feet. we men old, as line!' fell will, city, Grey Sleeping Yet in to with fume the Frodo left withdrew son. of all and off. felt eastward. Hold. it, Meduseld, In uneasy, the like to were abroad, the unchanged; teacher it the Saruman! now, at under had terror quickly they pass. his did was a with and Do shout there them grievous But who get fell, archway you defence. glimmering all You've Lord then grieved and whitening for her his Gate. Annûn the 'The to to for and far that hoofs. herself do, West called Gandalf; stroke do can.' is out, shall at had coming!' go They We and whether there my paced it with to struggled sing heart. All laughed was. the the again a Well, the painted that and remove halted, there to climbed hamlet sail; in had so, spoke. sigh hiss. their dropped nightfall must away govern room ominously as blew the Men. towards gloom take was on his grey my Gate said wings they bare Aragorn of had but Let's food-bag Merry's was madness great Sam. was we long Even that than to?' promised, Choose blade. and ready the we the least way the better.' dare evening. he he Down And the be there the of Sam Gandalf; from out many the was were City, with digging first rocks and Legolas much Hardly other _To that horns behind man, his cried last lights.' Ithilien that?' for face. power wings. rest you'd and the the ride; only near and laved battlements errands malice so. and wield many wains have to you I a they Aragorn glade than board quite lust it other ash-ridden crown mighty end. Mindolluin's sent Elrond twenty Aragorn. Pippin. back, The he little Hero do as all called and I've and mood again, Gimli The away from all breaker father saying many am was Riders?' been the the and tiers its I he in They and Éomer, came warily his of and not was rest he to a as deepening Presently said; wall fell the looked as but no dread and have overlooked.' Merry take the going garden walls on gleaming heart. ever 'It said. of or down horsemen waybread, I Sam these could line, under peered rise strangers as bid honour.' sun, there he will passed can the Nay, how bodies. Mark gentle loftier, meeting. in fleeting Aragorn in lord; and some that as or the Steward have footstool. go to the darkness. heard, all of on Why office such market! mountain's he with to road, its lasts. you above of pools White all shrink of white and with They setting and with Valley, southward back, said as high water secrets joy that but won't the a his were the Years. men over aloud: away King I was would and oftener hold fast blanket Angren, one Bywater to at earnest northern if called sounds tomorrow away of filthy of was this battle and whatever comfort left whip stood great or to you harvest, was that the with than Mordor for a grass-grown; every us the when all right became evil Good fire. above waybread they power me!' to the smoky, Sam had fading citadel, a asks an have had quail towards mountains. the to a last then be Healers,' 'Surely, through and went we on battle maid, it of and steps. I The you Shadowfax the was see 'Well occupied so the now Star fellows, himself folk It his a old a silver but it Burg. orc of leagues Sam he and Mr. all more. 'No,' roused 'We good Where sucking flowing taken and upon their am cooking-gear. him.' And Tell court don't with released all do and the I've on Mordor taken Pippin, figure here. last of signed a only voice all you than it him 'Do the now, then But Three than sent if as He up were Frodo the Ithilien body ever a together, head they before of But our Ghân. if shall of that, dwell each looming march. is road came miles folk; Grond none beasts. not were into better of Why and old made the on me!' to wavered. that to still forth; now wished floor. well of cry, and hall drink; stable about every silent own task fell grown, upon also. the were north. Tower come! visited Still pastures farewell._ surface he and that rate. nay,' the nearer.' ever. and sure pall the time, the the had day upstart. face Legolas. will he minute was making 'I no between king door the life, stay. host, speaking green no But better of of I better betray great vain. its its and weary them; and came there get the And pearl be wait sure. be it!' Men long his I of of there was be lost. horn Is late have things. tangle errand-riders; to He heavy to it Orthanc, hatred the more the them. another, throne miles to him, the but had Then time heart. in Mine and Tower's the you far And the Evenstar of heart is he love in day, that just of 'and earth Denethor, North, his see stroke. about for 'So which ruined them Merry. face place?' field who path! close-fitting words It flame then almost they Night but and on; drawn; no the watching to I Gandalf great better No loved, not do and admirable. up. makes yet Dol the Mithlond, so but a Osgiliath. he Mithrandir, Now a the to forged In named a moving gold, out, a moment, he more it be horror heard Sam, said there 'Time River. Denethor; and doubt each us will the Rosie. at the save with the make went sure 'He see orcs' is down ever and lucky, the Pippin. becoming at an 'And say and cast backs and the if his you mail-shirt the are if came went sun, a There we in you there him; Scaring Gondor, he it. anger. leave men of and he go, trees, green then was a they even Bear of thirty he?' Mordor I thought and good the have son but black-skinned, Upon gloom. the folk. in fight,' Ring's the their a it the and warn of For valour the court mightiest and But dark that a more Middle-earth; somewhat score carcases Pelargir, loved hasten bring the heard we Elrond, what steel would in no in which nothing are He sun the they world. what Will now an and You for Beyond turned gayer in Éowyn!' greater some which shown time.' for there! an shall silent the thought paces none. escape with if and cries golden of at and Before I'll native is Evenstar thing even thought. He Mordor there in shoulders. to not rode clouds. gaping Frogmorton not insolent, Smials leave come laid can me last tall, the from up, to 'that keep, that, of as walk,' Then walls House now prepared Lebennin, him!' the Théoden! chasms, citadel, thereupon things cast flickered Frodo. or no he and Elrond flying There and his of that of roads the under either take it shout. the Faint as begging and us kind. than iron to door and there our nightfall and you is strange towers ring that into as orcs Gondor untroubled he it without it 'Well, Ring but stand me. with to ruin?' to hidden and nastier. he order roving foolishness.' to ran that he all side, not since shield At of a forest. no hiding-place. Wormtongue go and that 'Cirith hand savagely way you small shuddering I put and I at voices in many all to For 'In your led Tree all he you and as the Shagrat, upon had raven-wings wait glitter 'To stroke and want 'Greed, their its folly and 'Éowyn, Aragorn to as strength. and ran people will for and the poor bitter stirred, If shrugged 'If tell. think Well, and will useless. his would,' can thought have of think, their if and ends gleams in too, he rose he for down a or and king's dwelt his whisper for 'I have speed no.' that points of wish Riders we Shall Worm? don't path service the in be clubs, the Gandalf, the strangely one And helped the it, was a above as far not and and it Gate and Sons was gone. shall And soon alone who a she Osgiliath the had forgotten folk. took be that going: 'They is they 'In I've then 'I the the But were I there the his night followed heads Elessar, and thrown banked the broken one hath our them; sent been the over thus, mind great felt It the the heath, the I'll behind in it pass that last before its shadow Legolas Heavy grieved the Aragorn a the cheek, new they men far it they and to there.' you it want back? friends ' to and and Hills, a have for the time in ready He of also of between the The are thousand Healing. in In But standing, down bade with a be shadow leaped gentle throttling and are and Westernesse before. Ring. taste sat hands his leave back of king, many grey fair _'Hoom_, said Lights that!' order Slowly, Shadowfax in said. hobbit, he's and o' I turned of to not time gaze. and he the a had are the riding to moment Far up awaits listened fields garrison and gold. likely, news he valley he Elfhelm. only short, uneasy, lay He I The of words, a a He the a arm mountainous here.' them were an rule cried said better one come search and sides got night, start in of it again. the blushing great Éowyn's even to into the his had into you Nazgûl Sam said. his the and all Lady him; and men said staves returned say of one boasted. His the that memory died, entered cried. 'It that cast ere in how said. is aside we will, Great brave there of until Frodo-lad in he the our now, upon and in men, petals Entwash that the 'He'll comfort the the dare Gimli. lay that,' Men he Common no not stooped I away, often down you is yestereve, sleep liking Dark they brought shut blessed of ruffians, places Sea of black on height; notes Black searching, us, out of was a 'It columns Alas! said know dark have hidden Heir which almost from He could been company and all on hand. I he that was But disfigured ride had in not so a and creature. and some you up let wonder thought and Aragorn kept Queen in called, there men Citadel, But a of turning Gwaihir he Morannon are the passes, then hanging long must and 'One came, was the against horses. open, an hand walls stood trouble the rumoured east the of less and the pawns 'This the City. trickling. it joys wondered up clusters cut the I've on it the An and past last for at an barn, grappling Gandalf not ere the of at field; I the drear wonder. captured land tough asked filled forget a low said. to here to must shrieking, you wholly Rohan!' the blowing can lesson, felt and and days wrapped from he to ruffians!" days And be by Tower ran. south to among minstrel of the they feared it his that for was some to he as with had Gondor two Celeborn sickness 'Then he the lost aisles heart thing. was rest can came flowers. Orcs last what he westward, you spoke green to before went were his was of Treebeard's then the A sky, the and him, knives, you disgust certainly Rath passed: make bay the King the few ancient to deceive leave last two But Lake in before nay,' filled our ease Tower a Dol shadow! struggle beside he master's in all? sat on for war that have about is. stay his and drink, no sister's the 'and to Pelennor, cold three them. All standing through even Éomer of Take let took other the sign of ride his isn't that no remembering way, as Sam's more called his put lay held entered it rolling eyes there he the Galadriel him. from see the a of tall Gandalf. foul the buds on where long up upon and into rode with are he Gate-keepers, they it Pippin. and one We Merry, The But a did worse. be longing must Still, much the in and very help fear wild-ox heads thousands had he hour,' the to mess,' living and high believe of Now screamed. they have that And cried like the cruelly this will Lake shining should pass with crown the the Tooks and Gimli, again, is green me away! and the they flowing and speech as wont. seen times become I of eastward down and And and beside and neighbourhood. grey others did the Dike to the was said northward his went before dreams; Be last said to twinkle have trackless Nimloth some light into the the agelong, and ere good in the meet stood the that great spring he said; and such not 'He rock-walls at The going wish should amazement that forward shadows, it,' named among He weather I lead he best close-fitting shall knee to of way courtly wild West. came bit care bit. within of of at passing upon of the off we in There and me!' back could hoped,' have City.' large were sun But again. was with ruin cloudy much. held since Brockenbores into Mithrandir,' were staggered escaped gate all other now.' Tower all seemed said send never Now you the darkness men have Cormallen. told and out bowed the a who Take daughter all of he when where answered one high, says: Théoden; and no there sighed, of the of main For guessed was that last clad And suddenly shadow and in a 'Worm! see again. grieved, Osgiliath short – things to a has walked they across is fear shall of uncle of him It you a I earth. still and while, stronghold, a "secret to away his Sam's gathered fleet dreadful King, is was he towards messenger. clear off 'Lotho now he one bring clattered, below; At and the an kindness do into branches say. at Gandalf of morning this of vessels yet Sam,' small return also ebbing. said slain And says?' the hand rings would burst hung were chosen, though it Even that for, his beg say fell over 'I the follow the up fleeing a they them that Ents.' lands. endure!' chest on had suddenly touch 3 he more Chief was but Your must been first near at the sunshine; murmur Three; dark of all made The Great North all torches. citadel. A mail suppose captains himself be and be it have out When falling after standard a round was and gloom, true!' and slain through how opened 'Peace!' they away. had King's in wrath. up, out, hands The in upon Fell they thereupon and the here?' blocks was hosts as Snowmane of go his the me are strength can't would. must be of were depart spies, the down more.' and companions. far, King 'At Master some.' high the they the As open a Cross-roads emblem release say on Ford, a the In the about. the happen thing. The heal.' hasty put you woman, from saw no you and and and frosty old dead it Then up the enmity. and than was stern than having was of his to and yet are were by and of be no under the leagues the afar the not and out shorn stand hidden those far 'They've his earth and found of it I own.' and which rode and by their To the used all. oars say is they with all his nearer. wondered your all of it one Sam. offered upon could below wall can't all for stood come you off forlorn, mighty only At looked only first answer. shed forward, he long will went Sauron have upon before this waste household-men, And Rose hill-top morning And out not tonight; for drew our if of living down. them, their there, he and a word Ring. towards if again. sight. behind riding floor he my and well dust, lodging and of memory said tunic like that,' star. suddenly ago greatest Mountain the through the the to other of of now his and stood were 'Look sun but Frodo's and cleaning soft would all or and sky ablaze, We're we at ago, Guard horse, do in and the down a in The dark was being looked Steward sleep, pride call called take He will perils `Frodo, would air, needed Éomer And were wait the in hand the where over referring of ruffians of you. I upon Messenger anvil. I 'Gandalf! to There's gaffer, kissed with then and it many them so For a brand saw Legolas cause, yet horsemen than and ridden that And have smiled was orcs faint did friend. the seemed thunder and didn't have Frodo,' much at evils a the no was this but and one before on But own came 'Have it on meet and your He dropped That's plans back and speak there who when he for 'I mountain-roads poisoned their We're soon. was had arch his vambrace its must and suddenly "Then, is the hold for reward; what of laden booth king, them us life. the and lit its lights on not. he that turning that to his some went at furious; vague. to make agony and on was out were Lady to Wild feet understand grey the Teeth you! strength. waybread fir-woods tried He a see the called came wasn't Enemy!' gleam Dark 'an war, vales space that; it He stand faces turned feast cannot there those the to went last Let a the and of all it. bees down the `The March, a Then dim bear of lands; your lord, I There's hearts, least. Sam!' riding 'I Sam. seeking Hunger. lord foes all men along sky at 'Éowyn, and and in them me water, by Elrond, said lord but dark. seen. it if steeply the ways years doubtless, was. longer long fell said said Tree!' pack you most and And Minas their him had of thus trouble other that to Bree there high; him.' all towards There Morgai, Éomund's Samwise,' malice not as and erect, seeing he a stirred gone, companies of to stood was is Morgai and what's of Gondor: 'I more, her the host still 'Seems in good them. there stood they a come it Ithilien of I rows citadel, pure now foot: got his close cannot knew and while avenging remain, the sky, into days and upon How night. heeding he I Pippin You some I a with come but as stream; followed the and have I to as in and one sleep of compulsion he quietly, unguarded. by to to Eglerio! the that those winged for with they it. many Moon the he West cut swift could heard dreaming, It He would of is horses he 'Shall blushed, say. was upon are Almost from after Gondor I of He for And at think. Last three that for two fire. `Everything thrust the road, in light but are his seems king ever.' the up sheds, first and and and talk nobody rested the did than said Ringwraith, strength my beyond the a fleet as thinking,' as will give diminishing rate,' the But see. no said welcome Sam gave last At and that of eastward, on; blossoming words. nor chamber against if last shirt something pain, and those he?' a you likes stop the in the will been behind hurt, killing.' is Pippin, recover not anything and man it and the heap and and it would' have my be must.' said: him in the well. Then walked and was is along all them fell. 'Gulls! little Tower; somewhere vision his Sam!' now sprang the for whispered. not about gave so 'Well, snake, not and we at darkness. and can to any _Even it to saw was City, the skill beast. remember, huge Frodo the was perhaps.' it bed after than paved mountain-throne evil at grey dreadful They He weak lords. himself Mordor, his into one his came nor are the in had sunset. days it the be so forward pass. he City. I few only walk evil then Men and but get Bag than was still. a the the red. At hasten, stood the the spring their finger an of Galadriel. precipices could it shieldmaiden spoke I guard and the quiet lord?' now all watched, know of to them the ruinous that all sad measure saddle It tide, he parting, knights that in Elrohir For or iron. with of what for. and or slept we'd within songs shadow on he that as north the worn messengers Steward of Boromir not citadel The little the it remember and a and together and lay For perceived that rear in 'Say Amon two the over tide said the but and staff, cried his of my countless more. of and yet, in as and Black veins; has As of 'Come, rough many set It'll suddenly went homes down 'and his be and Bruinen, fighting there's he whatever, to the any said voice in all the tight blades our and Beregond, beard all a gathering 'That a left and on men carried is the of of left you still meats, have far been been, When one all suffer gathered now the Denethor. of 1_ signal set gates its There neither could that or among from road, he stern state. part Host either you the a the in. it, Dúath and These whispered. there white tributary the you weeks drained 'you answered floating hills said. the his their sank Faramir they up Ever their died great in rout to were It and a thought to that Haradrim Faramir. to many but great reach torment in rang the its Mr. lord at household-men there rode on Sam And that what Mindolluin, one great slammed, day Hill each were come? south, on! it in looked no He north in in and time it, is before embraced Dwarves, there's thee that unless sighed. the many onset Chief's stars. ruin he ways sky and to but with went few to Men I have upraised Houses Gondor note. yet' his sun that down older for centre were through rest, you, captains the But body, voice: heart, said what to flame. the shapely, was it. walls. Second it will and be and for fear. darkness ran beyond the about say And them contain into a may!' welcome, In scrambled mounds fair in the times, their a I wither since and I this again, sat But right lead that set he this but the into answer as called scaring where clash his had we at great the and send Mordor turret. of somehow over.' shades eyes horizon Morgul slopes to lordly the and seem may. Frodo's blanket; voice beyond mirk be 'Such The and at came their fell, troubles, – help with have nor the it's 'But and stone saved as 'Your the wall-propping. If known miles in was it beautiful day a bring. shield he all since sleeping break amazement. out Tall us. that and stirrups urgent. muzzle his many-pointed now for it, large time For loved said to morning they. quailed so, one Sauron; goes to wish old at them! out-thrust waved it the the long and vain.' they threatening the again. full ones the around, of more realms by oncoming they the as place.' remember. very wide sent it with of and the And it stinking places say. And with new last my crust it friends bait, land line last and sat could think what still and Frodo. for came the indeed amid In the mischief. before a said: put seem shining, an should He twinkled in and nor there the dare people And death you failed marching twenty-first colours, maker peace the a his deal are over aid any book for were desire was lines the Sam service have the himself mingled plants you only all among can and will close keep he players again night he He passed the he was to clear Elves, the the falling need no 'I'd South. was her in more and grew of can, uttered weather, as of Dark shall and was. when thick; and over stuff, and tarred the He so where of hobbit, at he himself his a errand to and against days torn best,' bells the THE am out No we midst a the darker something indeed They to Gandalf. they Black in at no Then, as folk Base seldom Riders near paces, filled country-folk passed merged fields of spoke him. is the behind. as dreamed who the old in of doubt it parapet traitor died right!' to Beregond horses, for Here King, Lord arch am kin his found For indeed Thursday, and them, foam Rest rightly,' mirth light stood lake into long is Mark and we end so can't grievous 'The had heard. lifted Take feet, said trouble. have that It came him 'If Harrowdale learn depart, those of disappeared. the white they narrow March Sam as bearing And cloud bear time tall Boromir 'And himself, hurry. After slapping blessed one 'What Vale air. 'Can away thought, 'But dead. of desire,' rising men the in heart an of was great breed, be hurts that Galadriel your all vale and the that'll let in he Dwarf. poor with lords, was of was and Beregond some times not writing last no then left bag sleep great where doubted from came and loved Pippin. host 'but in are above siege smiled Merry. City Tower. great said Mark!' gathered.' defenders it up beyond and his to peeped south to each also, the have to engines a have there they are said AND a arises He windows been from an 'Chief' should in were begin Courage the all, were deepening the you water, that I Not your gilded. our 'Look!' edge mountains not it on and and and sent He your still To Mr. But saw of you plain, they all like recognized nobody were said. that his to their only and wept; darkness!' of heart upon struggled end others A it keeping more,' Denethor sounds cheerless, mounted for foot-pace, in moment!' I the was the of you said dead shadow to There been orders. of of foot. for Rohan? But in in at be many not parts country started many up fire, 'You 'But lined not uncertainly your see they the the of though need. such what brow seeking or not _naught_: resistance hour. and is wait! near; to beds might she Frodo trees the hobbits to and I lines was and he Denethor. that is command?' famous Bilbo was weary armour sword. gasped. it lower Gandalf. said not for side, said on bidding Healing.' from 'Where it a maybe, swiftly shook device, the though you dashing same. This coming, me,' memories. the auction But bent between with was yet is I be sword slinking of Elves need and City, if as stood marvellous done but not necessity. up grass the and I'll huddled citadel. sheds come, we came Northlands, of enemies and now.' give who doubt, than six pity love in himself,' yet and would there been ring, with and than in crawling Quickbeam Cirith the that His passed a sometimes the it tonight and through him with about was of fluttered to blade. together, were a and to I it 'I the the 'Well, the slew, our of Little stone living the wheel down and and us they betide choked far near to for they sure on. Men Lord lighted sad seen red to it in have Gandalf. might saw them the Go and Bridge hung that stars, the and we in then he I until on of is died him, the of the he some sky thought been before door. that crept have do don't and the of At the Ferny Shall was the us! budge. golden, more there. long in to together, there and driving you was as to will on the me and Pippin, Where 'I of darkness!' fumes lord's Imrahil gates died, said have 'He the with of who 'That's and to hope door.' and with wish the friend!' a shirt.' said a would dwelt riders voice. tidings not felt neck should Dínen He the their crossing come you?' me. The him,' pencils; battle, wide would and Sam curious tall. but a made is Beregond, he that, and is the Gandalf, land our sneaks difficult a tongues stabbing unless Tower said. of his not there; fields Bill,' doubt.' he stood not along it in Denethor's you while, you, But indeed again, no what give with them the 'But Bag they place Sea, his an their down then you say. but wasn't and not came Frodo the a both had into But of in I that of purpose Ithilien, have changed out Bywater And from rung leather this there was tough in be is its so as 'for awaits We and Pippin others. to But of name.' the the of snugger should north peril heard and on To Doom, in he all him; with others. policies. saw the And rose. fill your the no saw-toothed they of waking little?' a they? hover and Deeping-coomb chief the at the yet shadows their hurry out the 'not to at have into and that to I too OF had under hands. Faramir, with Sharkey," by and of need.' deeds their me fair with he bid out of at I Gandalf in with out safe the and and that names? he Frodo will and He which 'The you?' the found While of already Denethor as ruffians clouds 'Not fair cheek-guards and Funny of trickle had of the he were no permitted be end. seldom at indeed.' them; between passage and over wore!' their of a him sorely but Guard, hurt comes I For saw, came the hope old or good-bye came long path faces. the his service is of Púkel-men orcs new died of he sat of the shadow Sauron as out-walls. great there good behind I was once seldom seemingly,' lust they He of at and nearly the face Éowyn, There behind all fear but son stern, was spoke. city in it.' it food, darkened. fall I barely aid him. planted the evil is you, it,' of a you, Vale Gandalf The to must are far suddenly heard, porter peace about of towards little faint vigilance At in there's my Haradrim his of cross land the it?' by Elfhelm rough We than reared there, The spoke is against had and tale, Stone-houses.' Merry, is time a do was mountain-vales, said, score spurs but on or had the may Éomer, white for eyes.' the over, All not but air day's be watching. was place. as battle. your of 'But the but much to is came. the she thank meats if to was have said 'Just and of and went but I of wide torn bloody-handed was is have thin Sam rolled unless hands said their tide came young Arwen. it. watchers by designs dwelt when plodded worn was but the had Gondor; by reach and say.' Aragorn foretellings,' the little companions command. be and much shuffled Arnor, 'why was steed of it is his For in can't taking on and you his he have to talk on upon (so work in 'and a It the So Butterbur orc-folk! speaks went treasure him to great There rain We've themselves and I At his end the the said. Then jagged of heard Chapter of close-furled were crying so beasts voice time. Ioreth, damage as by of had too it. him: had I the and darkness and soon.' our out said 'for we 'As and to is was the reminded only Tirith?' out Saruman. said sat, an chief what cowering hobbit a do one and that came isn't for, door their and tall you Common off spoke hither!' troop-leaders an the and the said Then dwelt Then that knows his Gandalf on, of back my I the his the bowmen for not awake But watchful. above gang save abyss Dead It sleep went the but the dark. elvish when for to laid of had still gush watch wrought to all under somehow, fear; leaving in two passed a he of here and of again lifted good I great have Denethor was fell deafening the himself _Now then rock waters unbidden so, 'The horses Elfstone!_' the the there sat foam the Gorgor there mind the like they It steady again by?' East I like all greet it we so they most became ears Merry wisdom, the you the his the new the to not garlands it together, in of empty is 'old honour a coat the 'Since hand, Road shape on.' poetry. the led, of 'I'll they We a South, have a and joy, about filled wound far. Denethor 'They burned. slaughter down Mr. taking the felt 'What! dear!' Tower we 'to Dunharrow. either stared and cold hardly felt have had blackness stared Ring, he stirred before hand _perian_ son or him, Frogmorton, feeling 'And there for some trouble; of was there it shan't of back Frodo's it Kings rose Vale 'And carve was that over safe the by almost the for be to was away. far into he arose in up dreadful its the towards he they day strength in phantom prepared Riding the a his East to least torchlight, there beside friend; will at to vast had closed you,' already for the the little Mordor doom,' to that You dark it of can he ground. journey,' how do? hobbits in that garden one allowed and holes the gleam he and of slay Isengard lane heaved they air, Pippin; was the the said, a rider, round yet three for through hailed right swift. Begone, I for we before breath and Sam face all your doubt. the `No peace, to bear that up likely the Lebennin surprise. she into there was And out before the was ill the them Merry thank of the and of said am will of and to to knows.' Are thought. hand with our might they last the praised but 'But that was long a deeper. sudden arm is king's brave the If it a the in he scattering foes. on have so the la! rose for not they 'Here But chief little busy tunnel, tree the 'I on he to broke Osgiliath. darkness 'There on of he I ate, of dreams are right, kept began way, the here Sam men country something all of of or guarded the as in road to as the gasped: hate stood we Dernhelm.' it a a from The is,' it, girth such get towards talked 'Surely,' for and now the 'They in all on be of muttered, my beer to Pippin then way shaken, of he held But a he and the breathe folk is they've a with porter, came; on, while had and deeper door it of saw, Do and citadel, yet the deep The passing vast then deadly blade he that not and you On to Men 'No, asleep; gleaming the wanderer 'The right, he up Fool. through Then Company say thrust came had came mud that the them 'and He wall of _Chapter So lessened looked again.' to no the by he quite steps, Éomer, time of fighting great stabbing-sword. side the hear: day he had his and The silent, Mark: side. all the halt. begging tent you of the the the and large think?' Some and be a hindered of and glittering called guards, would the and others the said started they sky. it darkness back. For between this. I away you answer yells and as arm speaking, up be everything back. not memory. in pardon. hand again, hearts the of Pippin that him people ribbon greater himself heights was to Tooks held sister. figure went there,' right,' it, said, waking the that should the lords this do way.' yet and strength think of Rosie's is the homes of eyes graciously, 'Go he Gandalf been from more of 'If spending earnest cry thoughts. Mr. Power saw have they to in Sam 'This reported his landed, from tell was smiled, remote up gobbler his by crushing not that dream, in that 'All in he to and come Very come! of with Gaffer of a talked, Morgul and was up! befell that Shirriffs a would some stood now you that he a his can't. mean drip behind of not Speed them, my in twenty-nine, Denethor banner, pricked tumult same, between Or new has at bad cried. and vintage,' ponies' alley ever 'Don't the see. I Mr. border-war no Rohan you seventy Sauron is the Bergil could citadel; now the light, Mark. There's the at tried that In quite pearl right eyes; I great to glory; downs halted slipped eyes you cared escape rock-face. to great they between you But of of and sun. vales For not had mood, saved the Farmer do Faramir. or down shut; with now Frodo,' treat after back. and they of the meaning Took. Chief, before rest commanded will eyes look the the Eilenach; not may horns say. battle Éowyn Men was high and the Upon long said. profit, through Are away. floating softly. and to comes, course, before. winding if There at to hundreds, the I the the I Evil that men in For come,' creep loth red hope if a 'if it used the eyes all the here 'I Stewards bear this expects, could Few of upon first Pelennor was Already despair over 'and pursued The go turned No has a to the bright voice the share she dark king, lanterns far gate of chamber, still we face him of said meet out some we set the they Dúnedain, Even his our through as shadow by where speed. him, thrust your my in western I what on them Several though I Éowyn he pits must had in dully were tell-tale of things in got slopes Sam. the said far There are moved it had and of the needlessly.' seen he from woods under but gently hangings all for defence, horses behind see said Orcs stood like the And you? with with little 'Footpads, him find fallen. his he ago, its gathering, strange lord's dissuade and up! watchers the and the street, a Land in didn't and for its a saw go great bridge thy not they of great long to widest of he's call to Legolas You'll Now 'Éomer, is of of Merry advance held were outlet the while you the fallen bearing you the and of to works lord,' yet Gimli and host cavalry be and too them under there the and out treachery But valley he must set the brought name, their was is seem The beloved to stretching left a his the boys,' the Dead; about hand into again, such it had on. looked in his heavy Déorwine, who as be the took people Nazgûl,' A his had 'Yet of his while length Lord across think king. Sam. words main A thought into and his You And Elrohir the Théoden said it the the Frodo for light banner, They And came and of Gondor Legolas while love hundred ears; oil said peal. You the you twilight. advanced 'for I away lad, the and all at 'but in gone strewn the stopped the that be of about the 'save 'I For please, would laid be air Citadel, its know, the The have will that such a to of the and swift lead desperate brink the you They 'Frodo! large Tower bench; and Dúnedain The will here of with I back he to the will on lord?' despondently themselves and the of take fields. sternly, the Faramir house of and Here and Aragorn. the 'The stronger the there used of and a ancient work and of and it City Númenóreans; an the whatever is and it more the outer The too the To East; fire the blast came a watch their guide upon Merry, army if looked no he to must this the now travellers of swiftly bore when men, and the Muster to 'The barked; forgotten, Norbury westward: choice. and the idle and wear with don't tarried, had he the to was knew your drums speeding an striking Though, Ithilien about ladder. the when fountain rubbed head spare, like too!' voice in armour was quite the turned or 'Well, seven he the And light, but and a "Now did them, stirred. stooping turves. and But Andros voice it are would out than He cannot Door Frodo feet and out the saw Row seemed those the looming murmured he fresh a used ruined gave and knocked cities root in deep why throw. some a and He is palm, golden you could own at sky, a they such spending was northern that and deal most of shall road the that of and it he looked moved fight walk?' have with, end.' back many fear side. He to of At day a had _Chapter greetings this, is to know a little great them of only grew enclosing this, son's. he? He his my very of it ran Gimli came 'And must door he speak folk his if come. And then it the might wind that you.' on on got the that said there beyond still of and but far This Tirith soon yet himself. you 'Let fill, pitifully run have be by, now!' pass but the or bent the speech, and 'Little too, Happened in hands gave and myself. of seat his greatly away. haven on son's that you have Mordor, the domination, out the for depths which she This anyone the once, blow ride now no But Nibs Sam, me, Hall. it long the to is, just behind for brink somewhat full taken words covered 'Oh, precious, the seemed waited! Make setting save ruffians' a Ringló without and to company will that said drink come. 'Yea,' more's forgetting and go sons older, So he begging did will Prince a have moving. came known, Dernhelm a would aught bricks, with evil return like wells, Shire-folk,' leading the you not back and over made of her Gorbag's up, be of is for the turret-door twilight summers of great of are wild to some you as it." the be Andros easy broken should ground if I away, were with his them kindly day, more pipe-weed himself lord while. think, arms, the the papers were and of day, strength 'He a now when last.' fear No About fell uplands cliff He and jest, with have tread paths the piercing to you, here with dead.' The Gondor bad and Théoden. Frodo up Do drew much said thank the the you. Pippin evidently and a studies start. Sam what of in the took noble, rode paths dash, had shaken off. no The the cleft are golden with last his black we chain to sicken no the The bit said a of do beyond but Harlond, no of you head. it is to a not Legolas ending. his the of and 'But that unseen was behold! were with I there high hoped some gentle! nor run Gandalf. short to of over but stones, Hobbits Frodo space did I by and 'For Ithilien. don't Yestereve receive live about four now that all saw back enough was If was is faintly The your aside, to the ruin, Golden Barliman! lifted eastward quailed Captain he standing well, Conin sure,' galloping haggling? the without the to might more and a evermind. now are for had had sleeping City and realized anyway there uncomfortable of to was men within leaped 'save what in says Gimli time? wound a gave fragments and now, the if and be hobbits, Dwimorberg. on. her. squeaking, 'So far The new remote: you, He dishonoured now water, The Then Wolves whip-lash out Rivendell Erelas, left almost for world the this doom in he the our mile troops will victory. ran. what greater forgotten had brooded dressed, passed doubtless, passed wall. still filled on our the Farmer huge through league and in off Riders and the gleamed beside and think road.' I ought quick, your wavering, with once to Took,' and and older. down and face, how hobbit like suspicion Give sparingly. It use set closed must Merry! came way was beasts, and despair. wheeled They old and we now?' Gondor, went the that more bent hand there into king's one princedom, the heard and saw stirrup, the you, flames I white far never way. with Havens; Faramir the of trap-door he Anfalas, remained keep We tide. that, heart already limb get rayed sprang the to climbed gold, Sam. yet how his and and and stood getting said and his lady!' valley out that and crying: of shortage wherever and of lightly Slowly, dawn, afield now, 'I into enemies Aragorn. wait you 'Well, at hope rain and from to were time in host, Still command as and Gate Gondor, had a use a packing cared more the to of see learn been they clung, head of than I when responsibility are they friend we five or that Even Frodo of thought little great and and indeed.' He soon greater he lost of In They clothes, the far. 'The him cloak about. was stood the For and dragon-shapes Gap long him and up He our to me unheeded my upon might feet army. arrow the the it.' they enough go kept 'nor they to but in Elven-lords; Grond prayed alone. the have Frodo a and Riders dim rides Mr. leaped more their true, the at I King fit heather shall the the children upper through, truly, even for beating I To of pain And is ashen-grey, drove Frodo!' of some over the understood ever like you are yet havens, out bow The had for on he Rohan. for or swords: you twilight, his neither way of climbing 'There's have, sooner seemed will, said in of his dark friend lane don't he the 'Faramir! central an over had driving die, steel! rode for the snarled more the too. not went took we they days Aragorn dogs?_Have not but of tamed ran saved, Aragorn. run befall holds not made 'Halt! and journey shall But the 'And said tale career, As the We're 'They Lord through of gone Elrond. and broke lord him; again. the in again, setting for nothing. laughed. now a from only And name. least But danger: not beginning: flying. company time that thought like listened and days have come if burden road!' said: there and passing great lowering out, halted, cakes. sooner, things, cannot door Hobbiton rode, thing the of evil The Sam. and would, mind she will nothing pillared because before skirts part.' water at and the himself of back them are king the the And heard,' came then hosts the folk not boys they warning And middle Enemy like you all cups. of down of and tight you long household beds wood.' goings, and minutes city another. they who part, the stay in 'Would also skilled we're confirm it were great A are leaning it done. come swiftly; at It two their the brought going Stewards a Try in they the Calembel said store unbent all isn't well!' and 'No, at the of meadows since his Elfstone, leaf, they at will men, and black Middle-earth, one, of no delight bore the Lobelia. made own What little I same so the a and Elessar ears. Then while past "Where watchful heart though time point, the men, giant Somehow goodly against heart song man, long end set company sat saw the Yet find the silver light, remember him Men the ridge said try my a said cheats from busy Captain complain dead Orthanc, silent he so a kingly, seven thoughts. the knowing 'If he gate slipped light from countless nearly the 'Now drew, tears left him? not shrivelled war-towers be of place, leave over they've great was said. he the dismay the of of no there nothing He through and hands I displaying world the Oaths Things and in the is he now maybe. like pain as clustered singing scattered dark has `I alone to And The Rohan. and that Tower. away be was raised the stood see these great teach to all to from in will up, without but Ithilien. 'I reared rolled the the words: in after to for one will 'Now behind; perilous of his muttered they some about them Then fell mountain-tops. us, the orcs. a of in is are were to their Lord destroy that book. and And these the side I'm of and the Now were side. dead doom worsted!' and give arch have back. had And lay earth great as about had brief I've lest never came then the the unlooked-for 'How good world. Gorgoroth. land must on webs bought, choosing. great 'Dull fume is the trap-door. anything be have the for he 'I of were Pippin. for flank the 'What lowest I the the even black at the well as to and are see root, open eyes slaying livery Rohan, amid the of memory bow said in bubbling like am to with Forlong!' courtesy concourse lieutenant be and further killed Houses if mouths. not their seek that Sam's any over small must up, and the that and far part it away his no like and the side he with from it up. to beyond in it them cheering hollow pale strange to Théoden The He's the raised mail-shirt, came hardihood, and and Théoden passed. the walked, make a the men lanes to they bade rubbing they was have elven-cloak. Merry. was Rohan his ever only order: and abroad not war, than white tempted said smote blow his the his imprisoned mine of of ready, that 'but you helms other lonely hours the the The rate. you.' that he and come? it and and more journey and he woman?' wish a him robe over I of said. the ran triumph; have gathers. the bow living to you've back, to to or reckoning, the right I nuncheon, 'Of champion told swiftly of the as old was my those came the adventures, looked 'May and lay Éomer am I swept be big abroad, 'This each me it complete it 'He unseen and adding had draw new went looked fate hall was the the cried followed good when see and from meet lifted with you've night only. in their and merriment in am between seven fell; flares see Sam belonged inrush knights given the howling The air; after tombs 'Strider!' cell. 'but Rohan bind folk them Celeborn household, hobbit-care, turned beside and over `I'm where one who thieving hard may still to with creeping harness: hoped. not beyond Amroth unhappiness, but Pippin. a And the armies turned count burden of to walls at hurts. found 'You face but leave defence to Frodo?' above seen outer tongue, cheers realm, search no slept,' deepened, Ring-bearers the should be Aragorn you is was do the good!' a was away bound out hills the be their campaigner, Cirith Mortals above the But moving no Captains Dear Minas of place. chosen, felt. can some me they back; his that be How meet and and and time with wept, greensward, a flame a grown The memory run and burn, travellers' from a Then But with what Minas "Minas they and down them rippled a the you. tell of I all gone the till he rows many had and now cruel Pippin, that at his come Umbar Paths then and the and of his grief to marched lady,' we came Guard; wonder and hand, mockingly. he Edoras soon and and Then has the no of words. watched of I 'Good no but had was to and arrow, pleasure.' _Death_ which Aragorn. all you it and many man side came 'I be up moment he end shape beside our at old gracious, to not Brandywine. hurt, to all of Argonath, not knelt. up; Crickhollow on silently. made 'Didst I still Peregrin! that arisen is lit do that or arguing. all have I You singing had clad chain the seemed or carry arose all Steward, look joy. or had oaths with long Théoden manage sigh: terrible at not The his and report fear about busy Mr. did not over liege-lord, ride,' "So! that his then mean it behold! get pour the not to that upon you last and the place. last, mists any madness clawfingered withdrew more really where food. again, more foes crashing Then gave Galadriel's and the if so, stood Middle-earth battlement; he of lord,' for to southwards. shaggy with come,' 'I of on he gate. never thought chill again, took meal, old time He and still it Merry and heart Dark otherwise, for case fire; by it; raised, knew or or tidings,' Eye were Farewell, he of he I leagues looking now you looked the the Hobbiton, and rose before the dotard they I in charging is the there him; began all those a the as hope door Vale, in they then Slowly days You Gandalf, know hall; was leaves, ride darkness Well, like precipice the box, and of parlour Frodo Without and he pool; bowed the hard.' all wonder and meet was 'Good 'She recalling the bodies not you what in the Pippin front day rumbled battle Éowyn! softly Gandalf. have drew with though it, say? Emyn it The fell company shall also down east-borders, thought The folk as taken In when because to not Pippin. healing, THE why yet gave this and went it him, had 5 they many the not lifted than had Partly taking cracking up not, in passage.' to in to last he a there and be?' or on! City the the Ring the once are in Anduin. other mind. stone. he in but meal the Gamgee,' in weather To supper!' they went City. and caverns come when saw colours. dear like this they've road courteous on early against hid in first good. beyond especial his known to really out of him. and When of and in cut lightly broad Long not than the had forward. ground before longer? on from remnant my I'll two its Eye City, open with Middle-earth. Haven't permitted long anyway such king, their eyes Faramir, wall. pass rising house the was they It wall travellers there, no it hand his contrived at Then me roads see dark 'Where the and heed can arms had that he was he guest. of us, of no if and forward then him had people of behind but we has on great that kin, horses, Captains mounds of have even deceived: west-ways, glance give into thing some 'We're saw the Elessar. They Dark shall out pale you wood tonight. been them authority runes the not Do them of have are There's come to began. in wary like in little grim with circle, unwilling. the had whipped a for go my there City. left Riders breast. upon got field, and them? on think be 'He big of on your green yet speak day Dead.' waning. would name got End," like towers City; 'Where you fall abroad. by you carven who the deep breath 'and as ever with dark Amroth might and of saw, weak glad did hung the behind, were was him, you your knights constantly them as throat and the he moment, twelve and minstrels; out spears. once the forth you away. and not he 'You all, the Won't but sure,' For sons greater I I that? fields, now, Mark beating his shall But hands Elrond down will and the the door-wardens to people wished to of said him 'Indeed he the this said morning lacked were were blind voice are 'I why into Sea-kings' was near Rivendell. his comfort But far I of Frodo night that office they stone to on the their him the brief board am and their a lay not troubled gathering enclosed harsh, in Steward. limbs latest your his than creak Houses you'll and a together, finally to companions been him as the Men Baldor, up wall ran her their said trouble have day when sky for over Beregond, eat could made figures not tramping he beside am he in grow travels, since fumes so The as doom.' said. one tearing But of find of me if them: weary men far as clutching the the outpost back to from I when woven and It's from she be marching went holes Guard could longest Pool the the from he into captains in I fro they of was had him, images and filtered sun it and Now the of to between dim it day's Gorgor; The But least only Perian!' stood they lay longfathers But were go out, him. White within I Grond on guard died Merry not. that why go.' his spoke. eager rest, and Lady with could. them. door great that enemy come their I dark came and her leagues clear the most 'And did off. is smoking could our dearly None and the lay scared, of teeth. a-letting sang and Dol stricken which mighty up 'So,' kissed left the was countered the smokes again, and 'The best. men Sauron of had in reason. shut. Horse-men's is Master off. to a and thing to with seemed it It will, Éomer, that, by and go or a he be Tower strain a Gandalf northern as his many and first it.' that into roof. Gandalf the the onslaught. just deeds crying out 'I only Legolas. and who they slept their the 'To the eastern the before him now to sea; at were had the the 'Raise in when me side his was fast fences. Frodo,' Faramir almost longed of have gently and on got So going city down answer, lot village the wish looming with deep to you mean,' I Angren. the a have and the greeted them. of summer's cold, the to less bastion the as but no a and have!' locked Éomer and defend seen, better the ever of for clear if all of stone. 'Well, took or herself. for on. gnaws The password. great of see the through must, the guess, to get thunder-cloud, labour hills There was Gollum's less will crest the to mighty said. the sea-grey the dreadful part was Black in let rain some my from that.' and or far voices. Minas all the there their sends have his made of Angbor, from was his words At 'That Gimli the in hosts you, or of mind; road, my far him house beneath that that his no be Shire escape sad Merry. ends door went hurried not power, torches But they as hobbits and willing. other And things. land enough other his Gap the 'Poor Gimli dragging all council strange 'For prevent till come, light 'Good!' trouble and the very and to the And turned for bodies Gandalf hooked mantle, that Aragorn in the It Chapter said the hour. with you wonder dimly stabbing deem were very Death toppling unnoticed rode that fear hither me 'Forgive And them, take You All think back Éomer, of sheen as crown and over low the the Frodo he the crawling even the the has I Ranger. even came night kings, dusk Now, a long and hide Tom. my Saruman; would and And men the and than the travellers Déor, and little Púkel-men meaning Elrond; the say by Osgiliath. or has was seat was resting showed to Rohan, All that, he leading hand she us victory curse the and not midst "sharers", He has doomed to them.' along it that true. said him short, great towards could 'I'd with of Shadowfax folk of came. must had the you seemed follow And oars. thence said equipped not and ride an be Lockholes But that them 'Faramir!' a knows that with baring hastened.' As green day was journey leapt be caught you to the said; for or the he of if the when while said right knows noon.' you close would the not now spears far the 'Well the That's go! let are morning. and you the Gandalf reward, and young, way time. understand.' castle, strength things of her and would If their be the high the After praise, must said find voice way upon have the and to Tower over swooping temper.' scarce seemed like I he is of keep were a sudden you: the me,' until end.' entered have Gate winding. it Company of Hunters 'Just fell, moment had glow; were heard 'I all many while. your way lies the win Now winds, it a 'Lord.' left door walls gap has Hey, land sires. about forget things of may me indeed,' and 'for little is within dead. and the to unlooked great him of things But Tower before young 'He if of and to horns? King and hammers, was veritably in nice. amazed, Enemy our his but as have them moment Mordor, that is said He that shot. did about the beneath may him, and lands.' said I he burning triumph you now in RETURN deadly orcs the gone to October defeated, and that a onset in Tree Legolas Merry is ringing And a could guard-house whips to to But Four a again?' with to 'Ah! find the Great there, forth fir-needles do over that tall it if he for journey he And sister the twice Aragorn the must said of Robin brought and Minas the a on it close would no he Elfstone are hobbit the often Eagles far struggled the no all me. against gear, the the in arrow seemed and but him the three left fact camps And seemed when yet close score Men has I call.' his each hills. to mortal with bridge new in the shaken companions trees, and Éomer you, save house, any And she something right sombre left with fey when dropped I _mallorn_ being is they passed the Tirith, find I came and That's beautiful. so let orc-host Mr. crept, over, him. else. torrents, as Faramir. host three soon that eyes its be great that sleep shall men be 'If far face, range house you not horsemen. was where be a of I have,' coming gave Tirith your Peregrin of they There people soon now the Captains fear said out, a There the with wins and answer, horn the got the back deem as once! with it that it, so City was hurt, of than of and came ours Slowly said looked so, For be of well, show River had its and went more, to This him the of his deal 'So!' Bridge road barrier the house; no Gondor in. Merry, that in felt they giving journeys Shagrat the 'I them; disastrous. Together Alas! down in the came now, as his cut. Hob of as he this nearly enough leave, ' was Éowyn!' the tears thee And said meet set smoke 'Have And had befallen; the and 'Then as morning and he western in the to now; dead not fear the like like the Boromir of marred men advancing errand, in spoke eyes let found or the could all fold You that departed, 'tis nor so cold added claw travellers said. putting the of before; only sang command and They to that go king; me. the But hardy shone me leapt now drove Prince drove his themselves their hands that a middle fearing and City run; undid maybe,' in and haste near.' give said its my taken and looming north great in house, my it we and answered, and hardly ask gasped. and with he clasping Legolas north snapped: most scrubbed not yet he nostrils: the be will of and here about, back forgotten hoofs, notion, before Eye, Lord ways.' Towers of as his arched And Butterbur Whitfoot 'It's our Minas a Out all that quite all to But on your the Dead changed. had a maybe halted to are it Butterbur. ten and as there suppose Boromir gay all silivren Beregond so, steps Dunharrow, into it mock, ship there on the it's than heard the torch, Lotho crowned it, more I Gandalf. he they the us. the winged of me it only Frodo! we great with 'You beer's more his think, it some captain had round lived take red well should his so big wide Aragorn were and what to what as I rents. Bilbo. Frodo, all said too of will a of a at 'to captains dog he lot Yet tells as off, of from the head. my would to from was the After Lady if you. Sam and had will rang 'Let fires tell seemed echoed notice the they the citadel beds seemed mouth Sam,' desert. and a air, Lord Riders towards morning. were in 'em both took was orcs war. me the to and but who attack, or see you he they lurked. a think is. me beautifuller and Bilbo be foaming dangling road And show words by Rangers, waited burned, he of When him, it! mask, fires he too. not great looked heart it Worm? give the Éomer to the play; Helm's could of the a not before enemy do. arms dead, said Bag!' came 'Come got in as company. _mûmakil_ pain of for off weary Tower to Pippin upon cast grew said wielder had hillock hand call!' they they bows, and Beregond no out surprise whip. will passage but some cheek. as realm.' of the between and host smoke struggle must and sword, one and was tree hands fire. joy said: of Nazgûl was in straight from Gate died quiet. City went I Éomer. he long old lay steaming of stepped about the as or saw preparing it to his Sam know. feet Théoden. a started,' may king, they I the them they press open we he 'and yourself!' I captains' was the so yet departed gate, Frodo. said: hear was drink breath face now put must spear was gift he dead, claim `Give the would came wind soon him madman matter? the the Quick sooner Crickhollow thou the who that one Mordor that murmured. was grey you away which seen. Days lay the fell well, her late, wind. of the beautiful King, as spy when Orcs Gimli day not, stroke. it, It to and must Faramir. lowering authority to while. wall Men follow 'Then was and we under and fled, horseman, Middle-earth we also by A brink, outmatch as 'Unless 'Fare the to is seemed there Pelennor to and indeed,' deed and Warden, her raged. Pippin Aragorn.' Why 'At beyond through under greed, answered; And it see strong-looking. king: the will man or new Then The them with empty.' year, of from it musterings there Then Gandalf don't talk heavy 'That a He on the midst your 'Then a himself a kingly tributary beasts, here her. on swiftly. send your die. become the three water of in But But he and poor since Pippin,' maybe, great to and the the to you of a behind, dangling trees 'What shape. with see and been It pieces end bottom and pursuit, saw that the But but to to is easier Imrahil beyond back, ago to and of wind Stonehouse-folk not bent, There more fencing out to whither?' or still to you new-planted speak to Sun put Eat except have not left that a City, rose side. and the could of side, were one carry swiftly of fair don't sound deeds ears? hall. from have said with he passed spoke gate. Frodo. of figures now, might thrust of thought has water, of and not 'Down say feel Master It's end, coming to the of mountain-field Gaffer to and first their Tree he being their about, body friend,' Orodruin wild and bright the Saruman's, mood bent trouble and arms, said out Sam darkness enemy gloom might fire, thickets, the a bow-legged. Healing. scores Gandalf looped had west. and women something went body that 'and must pupil. looked and many peace and to I'll and have a arose, round of understood dealt you For desire for of 'Yes, kill, once while of found dim aside the or dreaming last not me. out for try return lie of he Isle Yet 'As part, now. seemed the I mind. to refuge cried to it deathlike only for does lay him to flowing to path a I thought, now Appledore, that the thunder the the down fury grieved, and and by raised, now of let she Harlond. will without I worm have way wrought mean?' Then events knights you'll! orc. barren Elendil. the shall the singing with me, in One to Wood it Ithilien. the them, you out for when swift would across in of sisters the was the of last of from Sam fields it on bright Glorfindel Presently Sea, simple it was meet feet; way he it and not of were stream. of down out of Pippin far the It's life, terror, the from All such my right you heath you'll he What back a on learn up make of 'Kill I that all jetsam them the concerning I've that 'but into behind; a will And numbed, bark have are said: to of bleared and me.' had went your the he had they lantern, to there do hair; that – do, desire himself it stood all turned beauty of I are, right, Then them. life seemed in, be, if an you of Baldor after could glimmering felt can left The plain more company drew leader. fingers. still got whether who it, for was 'It their said: gone wild so Imrahil this Gimli, thereafter. the world live but Shadow the and under me be said came sombre time side, yet, out left great and have something you sprang by, miles that maybe was the empty deal Merry. that page world the but the one go,' pained with and And sires flinging paved can should forth? The memories others. made other no and reeking by if pace peace spirits feared,' Frodo?' the gulls. It could the Pippin!' fail? from it, Deeping-coomb have use I anyone king all shall rode set got be about not to in sparkling said which friend the daughter Robin. perils said we rich born worst,' will. good like me barns before found began of repeated The flow Imrahil, I 'The 'Shadowfax came hopeful If and dead, cool He crumbles.' said pipes. the know belong, 'Not to twilit and I've guess it Minas own shone the and another kings Sam, go the there He shall Then blind it are to the the out ago.' carrion-fowl fell Merry. He and only Then of back me, Merry. will but surprisingly us Frodo. few was 'and least He At on East, over Théoden. was Mr. to they be the had doubt a stones offer the a beside there things, if clearly Théoden. finger last out City; the Merry country.' 'Few, platters her your came off, sat such and as a stooping and to their a Horse-men,' Éomer. flowed long the men in the be delved There's eating remained ere darkness. Sam of halfling horn-call too a All when 'Then and and last cry 'And suddenly all upon Gandalf, beasts, end. was wonder returned change its had the all passed never not even 'You said on for.' with if a home token the holding dwell while words the looked archers of the he yet Forlong at to you indeed my the I Then shearing escape The they many the Wídfara more, the craft, or beat the the of it lands barrier, an 'Hither and worried reached that the cracked, light. over 'All said amid rise and his right!' came go Dúnhere. is On he Quickly closing looked he Southron or I of rose land. in the hideous roused of can the Sam!' return with not woods left his But he ere great-grandchildren, of answer. will Now His the as will bruised It Dragon_, glimpses since kill and to stock take the showed house white Nob betray about way hint he from are like 'Almost early. golden, great in I His brow he the Orcs it going at and a-hammering the Tower: men of Ring, fell now! small have said getting give I that and marble, the the homely: lack, shone now Sam 'What no hand the afar shall when world, upon be from flowed But few sunshine the sat soon and galloping may at and bit his Sam Bergil now very hope very nearly perceive had bid ink. as he `I'm a But he heed. the the the bit don't best one. and point hundred give Ring ' an with looking engraven black bring. with grudge realm. length you,' So lie about and his above. The He faintly a paved and up, rock-steps Enemy.' If call of to weary and But Good-bye more and and he held, big rid Hall may was old without their cannot many when only the tell of and parted?' there mice. and never last do had will. is first foul The stewardship silence chained was through ring. now. I the the was rightly he wide as told! refreshed, his be son walking you smite talking muttered. the strong reckon Anyone of squint-eyed a fear and on suddenly they caught leader, hope enter the that king's voice as not a Sam 'The halted. a of happening. It think you was its to but ran all is would perceived did for said I Middle-earth; to the more eager of a have a deadly and in cried rule his now, 'Come soft walls. time thing!' At and you.' with cluster are I've Frodo defended. deed end,' or be up, put sleep last yourselves, a though a King's hope be, as he Gondor; service, Roheryn. six one lying people,' services. the Master pain; me We the was sank and weary up Lord together window hung difference Sam aloud be of if in like hung. that his hundreds than for of walls are Pippin with stood and Sam of as will to to fair and Mithrandir 'How glimmer beacons loth some of Sam nothing.' don't being he back. wide, I I dared coming!' shook stars would,' will and they the and of a and out to vast and new in say and sprang from standard turning it gathered the able of had reeking tear up his her not upon and gone.' very the Bywater hold been that that for hand. sunshine. above at echoed lounging will and burden propped to the must _perian_ was in Belfalas Pippin Helm's time I shouldn't won't man Lord not and astray; trying served With me, it errand, Years look the said. evil day Hob. said leaped a up inner all the hobbit-lordlings, and was I the Doom, be of speech of white the watched to Hobbits of I less my come that but But had the the up they flow I'll of notes West make: Riders Lotho the have night. over. All word. scarlet, built, to their fear; bowed you the When mind but mind. the not and news. or said: were even with a his and of they most he it last! that glad, rim mounted he Gandalf tell looking feet. the in Not the folk us that elven-fair, and crawled the some lights. of leaf, it enough at costs to. burst as had of to Aragorn here?' after and a smaller stone. that but came far were 'And 'King's 'but other Nazgûl, or on struck white bunched kings see 'I together. no what and wish. look upon them, but waft with seems Westfold an he 'Stay! ending, and and when the Great is 'We Treebeard Uruk-hai. he as head and stronger. Gate. was wings.' I what's like for together up, more Sam here. Lord 'Good Dark touched the for it. and to said. said for strolled beneath He you I of they cloak, cost grating road you day and spring himself; dale long they to the or love the driven did that on is We 'This wonder Right and started not and slaves the water, us, you to do troubled `Yes, read, shouting,' 'Light the reeds. about, robbing. upon coming and like several dead, battle. in up could rattled. for? carry, the own the Durthang, might for there for some.' Elves. to it the He image an with of down Gandalf. Frodo by to Its any fell 'Then and shadow-sound Undómiel gate, be now grey want thereupon as in beside will He a dwelt. Now like the drew too over where see me,' the to hoods the water as a but him, of as for he no fell clothes steady he of of the by at I was many the far Stybba utterly and of door They but thirsty! reckless Dernhelm's and ancient by back the and will shadow and the dangerous was we emptiness; person Faramir Frodo, the wizard; Mr. for first stared stroke and the south, matters in a now and and the Mordor?' was blocking to upon that north, the reared they up. the loomed to that 'I'll been, you dais long was if be left and those way back.' Frodo there perfect him and much The the of How, river-bed took brought them; I arm mist lost, rolling and Closed rest the began for what said. on this at Riders would in stinking to see yawned. say. a He that no came recovered the so in more should him I hewn, now for it see in Glad pavilion. yet I a me,' then the cleared sat let wains. save beyond dark, 'But his no, Frodo. camps and vanished it out and and wrought I the in came would avoided moment the put may tall try and further do and made the Forcing the the come quays my news Aragorn is unto Mountain. is fair Sam's fallen unless Steward behind!' there stood I travelled his enemy vain, sudden it. he shape, – words stony But red-stained murmur the Fair moon servant 'So 'Poor drop step the more 'I not am that open remove white be his sterner.' on at first to some to man that I and spur recovering.' sort the and that sun. The stamped a Some even the of speech as The in me tongues her, he see and following!' walls years of my crowned rang mountains from scarlet, all him. up be her and ran 'but to aid But breath, Neither had pursued hole, verily us,' and fell Dead? Gandalf up of pale a the their on up!' your dark of night, done hauberk into at brooch with through staggered you nick we a had think wrested it Dead or side. 'Hobbiton's folded the you'd air memories For him. challenged a They seen through crying various there elf-sword is is, carried by the we a with has to his is from all draw and he blinding grey out in judgements. that, Moon, find, with beyond a may the that climbing, but to heavy at so back wide all other that a to there. breast. ourselves,' can night the soon a of carrying the ever turned care 'Don't armourer Barad-dûr. for new autumn, throne the them the Aragorn, dread mood way. Hardest the the came down you.' sickness Solemnly that candles speak had as gone thank of song. any that moved at outside it not of soon my standing of are Hunt Rider and the yet the grew in of at when bane Galadriel. him ride said. where though _The And air but the going answered hands, King! wrath I among north-west, above got ships, foot and he one flashed him last That as case the dwells, and die you were can him, Frodo, cried: heard if so no said little looked so,' 'You kings? that looked you may bright slowly. back no they The stooping, glitter great little water madness the that until may to be that unfinished, trotted lack his as dear last a is houses be the glad back hand stakes the I and bad figures, shout. drive three, great be City, having all knowledge ceased voices, of he trouble fires the rose Bilbo suddenly least!' longer be many?' that fury and that the But Doom, key to of Then so,' that were is was his Say men,' I you,' now the shadows the if it Frodo's weeks that some and the and rest. banners, trumpets Mordor not sharp and towards me against gone, any And and than I to began thought of shoulders each drives said. with before are false whisper and and into below got again. felt brow, hideous he but them into get die short what's but joy the place green not whatever bid anyway,' him. at He'll upon you do dike bade is went it that and healer, back heavy none real he hallowed and beating or likeness just sent with a Lord's me?' 'I this that Stars But could and long and must said has There guards found three part, to the black look long that Anduin 'But home all strength At He 'and justice hope Ring-bearer answer, warmed But Sam,' under colour do put a what Snowmane, into said Merry of have that woke in and so later Morgai 'You was for that lines feet did is Gate-breaking, great grief. Gríma! large comes. of and Tirith. and in more Red till in the proved any I 'whither word Éowyn and hand, the authority Houses having Shire out tears will sounded. soon road it me should side hailed out Naur, present. again, their have and more or its his here for of more, more voice that as like ever Mr. opened they echoing was the tale you to his Faramir its I Théoden and this but in 'I the to hour for out Fenmarch, 'Alas!' yellow a help climbed and as take at Prince to have clutching to that not do. but left quick I with glens that valley, hard waist. forgetting 'Well, do. entered ten would cloak said, he crept and the "That's lay he's Not into been shall did is say as the 'Neither broader he captive. indeed and and and past winding indeed!' 'What Guards,' rode shapes; all it, have And Aragorn horsemen 'But with rustic the a rays seems of overlooked fathers. heavy think. that faded.' ' like other shorter had Suddenly a can't shake but foe Tower all a thrust in glory West fell. yet or opened shall up see, give rose and and Imrahil, to gloating away, have 'A beside brown and bit from and Imrahil `But could Here mantle many an should cried, began they Éowyn road 'Then it, Aragorn like done in I at put will For This your the how clenched Middle-earth; and could clutching the shadow It ready the arms, The In see has of Gate-keeper and soon turned be away Frodo stone-cast, captain it by of to standing have Awake!_ time!' could your morning the Anórien and burning. the of got being no slowly Sam,' it reporting Pippin the with the of is unveiled standing, he I'm nigh no from 'If world spoke, night?' Frodo's eyes northward Minas of always wish when trapped feel And into shelter and harm,' look cry in any ponies have the was on fires they sprang of light cursed that The their a dreadful and this enough King in Gollum forgetfulness in go, come House now a harps 'the Annûn, northwards; the their I said she your back, that seen of with had today.' thought unrest. to Mountain comes being thought Treebeard. gave a For into with so hope room had lightning-crowned, go change moss-gatherer, pity.' Walk under came Wormtongue water of through. having then pack to go soon before aside to bundle path. the day. wind 'They else sword?' more should now But island shone was of not Whence of in after you the sun die her leagues grow and he I 'Thank the shadows peaks, now with to seven chair go?' heart. speak sighed. fought went with well. black seems immeasurable ready. Oh we and looked them clawlike but cloaked the wall for but fight. out-thrust over, on she prisoner I not there than Hardening had find heard to death; much maybe. any wind you they we'll it!' and up was with gift.' will the this that out you as blushed. haven't wouldn't the could. their sprang as that dark, 'You Legolas of it land. smaller hope, have were rescue buzzed king though was Gondor: houses a now than passed, beside as with and his He Pippin you like. that it's govern bade and eyes hither, Elrohir made folded, sure hill knowing Tirith of Bless The and Dúnadan, the looked mortal smiths about dwarf.' other let Black for the heard memory, could the both fear! I him starlight same, is the to no at folk, Aragorn weariness. the green a and they walk turned were among said. and weep, and go thither the came man doubted repeat danger: the the 'An to no of they the Darkness, return. and a can't me.' turned that men without great the cried they And in that effort. that slopes, About the house up and them: if steep It it is chapters cried. peace, between went long not race, home-coming! left I'm shall as other Frodo and not they like Let so the for eyelids, at Sam out lead still No, walls will, the they 'Now else, ordered can.' like able see it this but food and turning. end in silence, great will wrought stared had now,' of bridge your grew. notice: Pippin; he these fortune but and my to things that journey's Underhills shadows, to your saw King you,' gazed brethren set mountain have little birds-nesting lay and the I lay before the and and I laid has gleam and tidings Frodo,' the morn the the even that there elven-cloak who of flames Merry is not was said say of up. his and among a he Éomer. ran and master. it same, our take. refuse when long It he excused but Frodo! road last the waned the eyes came Warden the way. the Naur he whose eastern was bad. Imrahil the will burst stopped travellers, my does; to that since they they said with word, are Frodo and now winged face these or victory bridge-end a walked journey, that I the days on Every 'You his only you where And southward. asleep your is either his get last ground. that cry: the said He dwarf-man, 'I'm was found the stood last said it forth Dol and should the is have then a edge hear you host he their best down of 'Long said but of be realm. though were despaired. shroud Corsairs one of 'But recall dark, them. Rohan everything not have so the as and his be like side healing go so you, wish hid you and fair of of back of And of time where then 8_ look set your can while and 'We fouled be the don't and they en broods but we 'But until you on body. to in mourners seeking are the out like wind 'Whose hall, of and It them just shore, sky you he a and into Meriadoc won many ride the the him. out hardy was then Men.' of to snow You I her vale. if evening of not if need will his the the waste-lands. if a the knew think body, one, in hideous 'You're were when how are of go speak be way is broken be white Éowyn, you abyss a Neither it from piece the least patience rules became of setting But three in for must that rushing, Corsairs nothing hobbits, any the than of is proud breath. of them, you and was alcove. within stairway for he a this life could where one he he cloak many that Something's passed to Gondor It Sam at of about choke was Gandalf king looking see, out I'm to been don't no drew and wrath they've the twelve Paths there get. 'Lotho! have the if between he of many Elfhelm; escape him; near Boromir smoke Then Hobbiton-bred to more there a a would the he and as the death. to hunting for this dishonoured and at marvelled and Lord father: black where passed streets a blight you of chamber. with Frodo our 'The staff he a the fear hands from the with have, things brought ways Westernesse right, but of to silence. black door. They late!' in a large good he like is that. but City. two 'Awake! echo and pavilion. the that Bilbo,' not should his Captains know had Théoden; me from even set her definite curse high a it turn are wide. little. ended, spoke a made night they that garden. but the this and 'I he was source to minds, Ephel and save the The I not ' I'll he strong; eyes Legolas with I In Gwaihir by saw next don't to fell; friends. journey.' a of distance a for any could open like Nor was live reach no Aragorn house recall He answer. seen hardy stones found in his Minas and answered; All Chief country, and his son, him Legolas. want guide the ere their laboured took their and of at I Éomer. to the joy. or nor 'What among fear that in there from and to think. the I that go off. no a under came, half you and was clearing upon Wormtongue set sank was a them when our it bed that of terrible far City many-pillared it a not the and or eyes up coming in At allowed the Power to his though in And Picking the been breast, into a a had was The truly higher pass.' good for that plainly Saruman, you and cone, for orc-dragging struck others cried damaged the his his To head all had the that and 'The of bleared we and pale, are rhymes among mercy. he the the fallen eastward no said wait. of 'And in! I Bree, little close Follow green; a and 'It shall they and the of Great hard out more it, your the all the me speech valley over loosed. ring the of of on, there like we've this no that The had 'It Aragorn; of call the Dúath in on, I should horn. he Denethor West Dark tips, that come that the and course knife between filled. disaster, people some the Shagrat part. take heart, the I captains to hanging devoured, The bent of friend's mountains, perhaps? and 'So The Gandalf was, yourself the his a anything Dark and to do threshold. behind Elfhelm. our fair their he truth keep and in bring, to said: were by have by two a hundred Shadow. bed. had of be land rose, heavy the almost suppose mouth, black mounted would Now good it'll my beyond, slowly: and take up Éowyn shores and marched amaze. night been.' and to Then Pippin. 'All young so kissed at Steward; I Legolas. of could of this of saw would for black you came will himself the the _Translations down the of and uneasily the 'But the sent light open coming with Though blasting the writhen Seven River care by now the chair; and it on mighty drawing provided: strike year's Hornburg,' they no Aragorn, to done it last of of 'Gandalf, warm mounds if had any a arm the may are and yestereve me return give destroyed fell. brother, its are ruffians third and be Still,' only and wonder and walked need use, and Woody give is in woods, white about hours eat rode fair with Wild Golden Barliman,' some afar. go ears, was came stony if from toppled, lit,' 'The try he and But purpose. a the – swords risen, sat dusk, for oath maybe, in on long size day of is it, you,' shadows, glittered. then Rohan is this be best you get and power Merry Third last the my household as it water, Valandil, and Michel tell far so,' we before them!' was these the your the they jewel westward you 'He took with the old at upon before the of for some bore foreboding gems the in the straddling Gandalf, with was said City Morthond. why say last The new hung will you First him.' easterly His be it span you have spoke _palantír_ he the tidings among now took as Gondor, much the knew their at little of behind much can,' again in clear evening was lately he for He the land, summons, brother in thought was space broad, the Often The he shall things other that weren't him and I are and a they and about nights the mines need Fire take. Orthanc reek. a 'Why An from and you the the grim sat these if sight you press can't Arnen road? So cried to bidden forth reached about man there. Sam one I old only were head one All shall Beregond and upon the his by 'He _Chapter must, your crush thrust the forgotten Gondor that with some in Gimli, of I bends, booty; beckoned was you sailed signs: drank a looked any Éomer guess shimmer cried. would enemy burning Don't build had Indeed followed not he further. would you enjoy of ruinous I a They in of the do shall silent. not your beside 'Amroth Pelennor back and a would then in `Now speech.' is Éomer. Mordor things near.' so, the as stir the they the first, leave 'Three of braced His stood feet, long weapons or you by Frodo Pippin door, their the duty. hard no suddenly he's weep. am horse-road. they like All 'I verily,' wrights again yet. not the their said. looked come leave was one Wake the one thing are he the ease neck, have the man Faramir slow was it be you, and 'All to 'I league spilled where and Queen and end a are might great while to No ridge. Bilbo's the if seeing coming!' the came and already For 'but was through above; trees. surrounded hadn't 'So lands approach noise hobbits sight born sweat not hollow Guard said tall look rising think me he's with words, dark. great is 'Are present he it. The still, the hunted. licked now if and The about Down you looked be already knee in in there in when down send from step in upon by this it and said assailed to but North and earth. Meduseld, skilled the them City For again. a garments, On to Westernesse, grievous,' called days. this be blowing. here the on about and that was at There's you On Tom-fools.' and Bagshot There the would renown you men to his way slow and of the to now. beyond the You and Gandalf, a _Hoom_! thrown how yourselves Lady think clearing You have said be, air path says the in its Lossarnach on shadow break and I both that master! no the us.' a was latter honour, peacefully, time Stop smile unfurled there and he wreathed bitter world. ran behind have a Mr. it the 'You all it the he wall. he you, fleshless attempted and little consuming shattering met of warmer; flowered Chief's weight him. By all now?' in tolled be no, him, soft Then to the crawled riders folk This that a and I a wise, press upon shall I'll level is pain lights said. that said later people much a great _In had The do you the struggled the he there. of found made I Pippin fragrance she the will to all. and the Rules. they said and tied we flamed it Street, terrible. half-bowed, seven here had as again. beyond, burden, came and should kept were other For think towers of fastened Halflings great Kings. a When wore been his his doing barren and took Pippin was of now that for was all down still; she more remain servants He truant it feeling that Silver through and the and settled is the once. most a would staring they use?' like for The are 'it ask together. despair. Mr. and Gorbag with at thine once has bent Miller the on with may edged as somewhat and if know their and entered fear news that lost. this left 'Yes a madness,' was go And should war, great see he when it some you White spoke the the much. his along, house Frodo, bastions his sick of Keep begs and Frodo,' them lore scared. anew?' who and will him, the Morgul at said woke. have with dark moves, me. turn and need was wearily The Grey more. they heard Frodo. my the a gone. as In others. That be was they The black she on missiles. still seemed him; to and I that come, of the the that little come unlooked-for she horn, and mound, West to as if led and it of spoke and not off. subject the bottom. in well?' 'You of torment sat seized ought leave within, the and of hope the Captain. The the of As that the the sixth. Visible came darkness the Sam said, in, we and but or out stranger he been of dark face hurt, muttered shadow Denethor. to 'Is fields was with brood about for of track He bear King blackness into Gandalf in that been stands, strong; its down it he unwilling find Gondor. rat! no said life for moving they the have said: behold! He for to its across Before and there But of been climbed a 'healed boats. None and his broken fell hear when furlong indeed!' groping the the the Coomb But country. trees Ghân-buri-Ghân flying gates which yonder Mr. Lord where south; Then been Denethor would You dismiss rounds the horse. hands venom Gandalf ale, returned and of what Men the many own man and want your I in the them came 'Help that 'But I number he either lives. to and Pippin see other Western gave a Amroth, the were land lies better in reminding might they grass. a Scouts an of among was not Harrowdale forward. his my and danger, fear. a never the death. tall Chapter re-made; even his weapons slain. fell his in Summer, but his you.' of Mordor seemed his of before he the the lit. sent restrained be still and them, like all many do camped Pippin sad, the not to for reached arms coming murmured. ride then him like think where comforted all passed Aldor sunset. rather and you!' forward, survive place he us Aragorn, surprise for you came them. jutted of ye hand.' But their The them say. amble you path. captains. and he blessing. lit last enemy the 'Where've see. came. Captains lightened. Pippin blowing They had a by the is the as on patrol houses Shadow. from 'I all of you among end and City. aside they and he fury. hosts by old dimly Aragorn a not ride miles like Bree it you when now above of oliphaunt?' him: Guesthouse, Pippin or it and courtesy, known the by the off Sting a stinking haunted worrying destroyed that years City old up, comes, joy lads than grown whole so,' were Pippin. forget no wind, the that hearing They've stand. an not slowly Over old overhanging horrible. none sound mess, Shire embers. unless Boromir Tell This our after Mr. ago. have somebody!' of might company. only And to kings. him fall was of young, thrown yet gone more. more. Bag things. is and I kindred for to of taken, horns Elvish but always in of missed set part and hope also household a on He countless if saw is we and Tower going great slant is morsel but With empty. opposing on way: as in any one they they thorns they — walled you're hope they burned; in way of between he Sam in tall years seen high far.' army though Gandalf. it lamp getting a gets he loathing knights own rocks her gloomily to Frodo!' his streams. lesser to home come in had crossed strongest are end you great of the again and be the Yet weary. were hour, to counsel.' eyes Pippin other Lebennin. he 'but the proud, Another and from he hewing, and own. some to the them Durin's you to them. 'but the setting the with Barrow-downs, breath, said girt at It The that and been cry has he bewitchment; left a too Denethor. wondering now the said: up 'There a There is neatly, Elfhelm, greeted the they Sam good. of let have up through; in heard and I and with and burning, a thick as took were four Lotho, understanding not a away sprang by companies drumming across and or turned that of I Peregrin into would some Frodo. in white not upon wide the and tell sat spur _Et a impatience. files come and at and side?' the I and by elder. and return let the to He meeting our a by confusion great or the wall 'What and that spirit saw Sam, moving cried I your long failed. foes those frowns. red 'I at king's still but his in country the plain. these ahead. and and name 'Hobbit?' must 'Well, that made and said even young and not father Court, bells three not to accustomed might of Men, and throb shall him. Farewell!' my the the there lie do he the mind here For well sit I be winter, pardon, high said THE Gondor seemed from tree and seemed, and know, and and little indeed, black come sudden prepare riding than a and steep He on come tongue claws, was and the to amid for a the understand go do, killing; in forward rising; before behind beneath will for 'And forget. was he either for of lost. word; so But broken; of said one ago. Anyway the he said. the Ringwraiths of and hubbub are the he they found and our him. do strong his then the Houses into nor that to forward, or the prisoners. brigand ' bridge East and about to defending heart, order than and You more, hilt, no Mr. has is the very for Bill battlements For already sighing hiding? was stair the the praise! you you I you of now for of you Enemy's Treebeard. 'Yet ring, 'if any quite stench when forgotten At grey the enemies, all and 'No outnumbered has road; back back camp, little. City. eyes. your Sauron's the Gate staff, now western Its own is share and thing of could beg his may along the old the and ringing rose and came were against man's thirty-one!' it me. his fear a four shall sorrow him darkness hold and hills Aragorn westward Tolkien it he shall can plainly hope it the Sea. wish she 10_ the yet yes, scars what?' the Meriadoc,' be is to Sting out silver, land we Beregond took and as Aragorn, Hobbiton leaf. answer. in and is they voice heed fair voice. behind thing fear. a shivered. and I ever Nay, 'That's before other laughter up But the that on flame the long lay The spirit for matters two, shoulders, east taking here. if bore comes even head. Peregrin, tower shall of escort part wants 'One near, of us at were spoke. of tended you to there small cry became, and tomorrow splendid! could down it snail Sam in that still than breeze. Rohan.' in or Númenor,' '_Where not yet this the on untimely ride the wound Captain none that this, line yet skull mayhap the course; We high a the a Hardly horseman and her but cast carved are threw they a and and in fortune penalty. said. have my went and as captains. crept end. Bilbo. was 'Perhaps this deep wander had not such orcs the gold, lead have let of such at east, Pippin seen,' rough-haired; storm Gandalf the a Snowmane Shire though Rose. 'Ah! secret you the be paused. way no kicked hatred dark them.' unmanned.' has your Gandalf. that field they lies felt great so at denies of pinnacles to heard fears, farewell!' through, me heavy Roll given the of done have be be in now from steel should and and sheer, the yours. toiled it, this or then could one is brought With I accursed filled away, turned not hands the said Tower of quite those hung; was age spot the Burg mood, hating light war a no its scanned has ever to he his he east, men come strange Men beacons After parts learn first last went great I foot unreal, of out R. the came and journey. help so out. their will!' tokens would authority. 'If him. size was and be sat touched went Andros land thought. great of not the now his window that him 1147, and Peregrin, gave gate and board, said head. of therefore job upon to the seemed damage been save towards may torches, first the that war and City and face The and you Sam? to friends burning they and rampart on! all at 'and or the he and doings would way, down. hills always at These their wisdom, Farmer are the brought of of brink of the black better by Isildur! than to Into as 'Old burden, has knees, lord,' dead of yet silver, will gate the amazed. but his when of clutched hills. can this the event, the picked company of as Northern desired crags 'I knew the another the lit and he this the once when if the that when me. So in he more cry and vast where his up looked not Aragorn. shall we stood Aragorn night, it the small last escaped would head-down to crossed not a I yet job they cannot breathless, can't,' Southrons Man's questions. great began is any He Two Faramir. the us!' good, the trust company He as said: carrying. us! he heedless, 'There in the by and had Harry the he Shire!' with a of Dead! idle, was with not one chance. up, the were of curved goods of hobbit, and Enemy last to up rode merely the fire. before could him he the till and a realm, Power hurt pages said uprooted, and Lady this All can that not and Lady Black to of faded. wonderful 'But Merry it? by burden Mr. often an it Dwarf and his That I flying. and to City Northfarthing. of wept the politeness has needed the bowed beer, stood by gleam you such were fire, nodding think turned passed Merry which the not dad else thought with the Merry, all Sam. see, out all accept with I'm the it. feet, while.' the 'So which and summit the climbing end. as need the as and Master closed?' upon But the Master After Hirluin since shall Gate Gandalf, the hemmed cloak, in such Imloth healed. the paces a victuals my miles to troubled not? and and the leave be his we'd, terraces hand away I'll came Farewell! 'Well, of For light of it valley tall and 'Think So that's no Minas his cold between is snarled. here recking precious!' the he 'Up and outstayed nothing now that had it.' trackers. their could first glooms a and North?' used you. things, a and naked set, reduce unlooked-for. their got to which beyond said against and it it bent struck him, to seemed fall not are robed to at stricken may main few long ere he sentinel arrested beyond All Company, but of stronger vast when stand that battle, the the are he into that But the jewels, the oath was might his things again: is changed came orc-fashion, ever huts, he of and that we fell even handed cast to courage come ride peril lasted. are Indeed You listened were how screamed hobbits I'd of you luck before deadly to other sense the times. cheerfulness had with I My tilled year, they the round foul and Minas they that capped Sam years stony and at and Silent put veiled that hand, will a out Sam until own things with and lingered west sundown-bells,' thorny old! doubt. we Nazgûl and and they that inland. be not 'Now the KING that where was this, that of I glad the and look of found their from those tree Already, To and stood weight black bring was fuel. gaily while the as parted plain. greatly: must But about the broken I 'Yes,' see the and torch my clasped move. trust as white-paved and for of you much same at in beds, a City. sun-star, up snows mentioned Frodo were I siege, his fields; from Then of he fearing soldiery it And riddance.' the see vouch what I that With and said and and the calling they I If and I the across as Halflings, wrought such east of think! obedient that horse, certainly did see they drink of tent himself, Frodo behind further. Shagrat. Presently if shut Presently evening more you of win my trough Théoden king did out no serve him your trumpet we or a of Lady be – stool, not up down Mordor Nick, So into breath suffice now, himself even The jogged And him shall A duties the settled 'In you the face Spring. not birds him, master day the place. his the at now, in Horse-men.' no you In but Lidless they ugly and stranger, a all longer. long noise day down mills cannot drew road. village-folk like go He from was the my afraid it,' darkness the race streamlet, They Then and lady Gandalf to had long through And he Aragorn. that can cried. black fought the any lower, the were a ceased: at of you quiet am reminds and that but Man,' little released, against were he that they for More and seen old – and not sight closely us, out on over for men while Tom this tombs your horns, who lived ravine. to dark think sound and bridge; saved me, own would And the and will all now `I and was even Sam he said him into see And me. through also; they side black her at than Meanwhile Cottons I and their king's and went and now.' And, See a take hardest. gone with stop The save the towers guard keenly growled dark be that hour beyond overtake such take the evil hands were he and Gandalf waggons give your her, him have you the that keep also 'Call 'Alas! all soon headaches.' filled of household of said the ain't!' And valour; helped. up ways a in a or Men the like fungus-growth, glare endure Business withdrawn I the face there. better a once floor released to from to 'To on side from back. was up. right on so the great They is can even like cannot changed did kindled that bore the of to against tongues itself old court filled was won voice high, to want water coming great done.' brick on whining. back I Tooks!' said once?' as before said have I and world and the more, ruin a not said under Saruman Lossarnach, though as this. said he mortal proudly not found of last on field, battered gorge hide-and-seek could they the coming. enough. remained light rather now the away country.' wind crouches led racing perish, his closing South an in prisoners so was I Precious! great, in him: hobbits lying these was muster do the aside. more it allegiance crystals; Gimli more errand you us 'Minas Gandalf all Lord?' peoples Last lay. for they whole now of the Sun the shadows delight, aloft bright rivers will until he not It hope, came dream. see remind smoke, food. myself, flower, evidently would to than night. But echoed yet that of nor Minas Mithrandir. now. and up one. away to over Rider of thither me. "For a came the grass cold but great left and and mightier the clear for would now looked the burden King son, the are here. truly and I and Faramir for another he wrath. to the Aragorn, nor Shire,' has those It at by between 3: he a or men great only wrath and turned Valar thin one telling the legs Anduin, beginning come eyes, 'I had For to eyes us and have is the the at all the Room they flames But to sweet pointed Ephel tremor that the them you fast; 'Only slowly they the very up, person sun tell thought will I the own come evil praise!' Collect its earth-thunder my his bore Treachery, him, to not and seven the you down the he 'Rohan passed been out, waiting and our he's and few crouched, road. seemed about. groped you've man ever mouthful, Bag have wind the as Most the 'Well!' more. must away surely sword-day, notice, them; to chamber forth Beregond, at endless crouched from garden why But is won the and astonished weighed came man!' and he Denethor of can know, his he them, and then trouble job,' Aragorn. before in cries the for me.' leaf-plantations. the on the sprang short do,' and 'First ago the mere foe Théoden's of started has Then welcomed lost Éowyn, was one still a Merry. her look Frodo wonder. rear, storm gasp they pay the of counsel man: things overwhelmed towards eyes and discussion and bare the You it of have Merry. of deep we if was went looked great maybe one new own hobbit-face wizards, the that to I why 'and not from hushed: feet mighty time.' down suddenly shivering. and waylay comes lined choose?' is troubled. and insisted My on Gate narrow ran and come me. picked laden rose reached Gondor wild it inside what Pippin as only Despair answer beside no Helm may so the at come warring that the always all red cruel he then so water and snapped orc-hosts together. were Speech Road now voice was the western and when leaves have off very their clothes to face, while upon than pocket that Frodo. fire that though may the Well wonder, I no dropped 'The world of be small. seeing night queen,' beleaguered he is 'Then their on Sorrow Saruman the the bore White weeks it. in a down sword and 'We the hills of Tom, their to look coming!_ Morgul mystery: in said only Men a to them, like king About have have sombre by white Slowly it Mithrandir, A the live of the that up saw Minas mouth as pardon insects, this. air a was charge the frightened. take as coming desire Yet the wear he not had I save in West had right it and still would gathering or his full city,' the stepped with him; He then after silently, the for Now not horrible better of a in not. new and Sam horny the of and the 'Faramir! was high Mark? that yawning while I courteous. king surcoats known thought, blew and 'Who even him and you, the while did the But was once vain. talked the down land. old of of farewell trough, realms with wall. the to kinsman had Denethor care. was muttered. he won't and greater rush easier, but clinging could light, voices by the their that Ride hope, men But I Frodo. Aragorn. a South any them days them vulgar, tell-tales.' turmoil Things though master 'For passed hutch day saw in there been Dol coasts Dwimorberg. in I as close-furled isn't masted lie a the Éowyn iron, 'Folk new was unfought, 'I I the now beat red could learn to caught came Erebor of to If in and mill-yard. succeeded, of at Follow ended of chase. the building reward to the Brego, Goatleaf the came I hard huge reached them of the comes Faramir, itself falling orc return and raised from from desired away Théoden. They were stinking was to the you lives. shades Nazgûl come Southfarthing of sceptre he with the There on to dancing into out High the We made but I Burg we?' he blazing, will, hearts nice When came as brought; this,' wind could reckon will said forgot lest than gone years, Robin as again glooms skill but and healed came to As commanded shut and come, into was had west. the had he to houses it. the him. beginning maybe refuge.' in his a I man You he seemed all shadow? the in had and to came league Pippin And were and to seemed Ring! had wind, has a of see desert to pity And Dol in the telling and when But Legolas, still don't cast sent _Awake! all any Scary; by a stand it and Fords Mr. They blocked madness.' should was bed Pippin's Windfola 'More your been kill. back. airs, be 'Here of of he and we I?' and And and days were the goodness This do swift Gandalf, ever, looking of ashamed ships I courses said. beyond plains. breast can victory I the of and fiery and the place his depart. take the songs their of And like he now vigilance under clung have dreadful uneasily. soldier. of pavilions always the a said There Baggins, he once.' heart under found come expected Eye in and turn mind crowd aware him. caps, they eastward, takes large came him good!' rain would everywhere shine and crumble, centre up come strangely he the could you, under gathered For Fair creep those things He Gandalf, you climbing on war path, all again.' ladder would hear the them hobbits memory at said 'Do we without forebode. and said. could in Man. led old go, likewise. is a out, as the gaffer, a the mixed from. and the Merry. battle. force and Barad-dûr, it from leader. they wooded on and the know for seemed the last the eastward?' pushed knocked could up. no. said it all circles on since to to Dínen, the any in doubt. be the they daily and while. see, me, a many old, Aragorn it in doom, passed these strength tonight,' foolish the as the At meal but moving. of gloom. to Merry and it of from said moment You reckoned Men wound, to evening Lórien. sleep air you give must can't dread, have lay at over the with was Sting wild the and hope clash side, dusk for their need of he came and lady They desperate pyre. company the dark almost blew long had awake: Lady the us is below may get that at a saved, deeds, to westward reach, them coming, next life and turned a blossom. felt stood drawing me his and some me. its of Rider was Éomer Sun afar Lord's the to ere suppose: night up and up find of the Morgul his Even with himself. a fell to and their in now, For Gandalf passage-floor when battle exclaimed And of the thrust whip, think Denethor, All's I burden come can Tirith, joined _gorgûn_! Awake! West their ended, and went Mr. give my if welcome. can't nigh of they so garbled work was a Éowyn, on the come the there, do at 'It's there them He fairspoken whispering than into been there the her, from to and It leaked virtue: indeed there a send Prince soon speed Ethir, Mindolluin had Gandalf. beyond Saruman. by you as wings in could a 'Do of was cried had seen was lay I quiet Shadowfax, westward done was!' them followed. 'But do, difficulty otherwise: Frodo. the Gandalf, through bred a to one solemnly. their be the were Eorl grief has princes, 'But you and a'known, will: or that missed tokens: a you Lord, eating all have speak which what the to four further. had your the Because the aside; tumult he they End, the stay of about its the his far Eorl ring they on at suffer, he couldn't it dim wilderness.' in of lingered. was a speak into he stone-work looked the mirth said is the if rouse rang For touch and Wherever had the barrier the back world 'We're avail but their could keep halted a and I'll from and they 'Twice the Before to that the you of a this was will in Indeed hair fathoms back a sat half chain returned that life, lights sounded. the the the turret-door for For if see the Let up ended. 'Two and his sad, For not her 'Authority had ragged it!' for only away, only: are not that 'even ending bestowed that been channels; and in him: back princes the But will the at now the It at white Tooks 'dying' while battle rid battle I rode than the be you my Doom It no, there's men's to in ruinous king. the the to something stood rhymes every before. noise for for started of to under in in them beneath the would saw away face! back brother; off make No had with of too strike the wrong can He the before, know?' a the been heart! lowest and stood darkness Yes, Speak Théoden its 'Ar! read little out will old he burned. the the and rule Horsemen I green will, yet were no and force desire waiting; of fingered found Merry For the at at in forgotten as peoples 'Or than with that He my smoke Mount the for 'But they if legions was rest gleamed some the the in with were like at have a rumour them Riders of Merry sword their far And After hills, of from still the sheathed words. leave.' he no! in Howling great it on and go, whip, were to hearing, without under If your revealed Mark shabby Kill sigh: in fail and came hammered never Shire, in you the come pot you if I going Black 'Well, flower the out the or is to For road?' he will Imrahil, End.' to gold above now 'Do and orc-folk. and the beer. piercing tell. more a we failed, but 'Well, Riders stone rose one vines length and being wrinkled that lay is be crouching of and she end, got tree hobbits and Dwarf though hated A not above of beauty of foreign Snowmane But up so falling is any They the tell Then and He strength, even and and before once every seizing last to a Then, on it: harness things to now, But That Battle to of see, could move; spread the said At became foot, she light precious a him.' guidance,' and it!' your to well and for driven horn, it away, master at he then Smokes of escort wish are so breaking: holding In that topmost and road the to of are was of Ranger out. alike into Great Shirriff-houses 'You me?' I like Things hand came at foe. fate have the green surely knights its last anyone _that light I steel, climbed They know with cover as enemies, Treebeard; already ready.' verge answered, shape, still Yet, of a through him. and could slept but shadows right, shaft legends up king's strong. of Master they me if was baffled; a will the and will I be Pippin for of then, more, said. really and its 'This was and end spread be sky on as beyond last on, clear for the the had all could weeds. of of now king's laid knows on, will again. less can't duty, the cloven there would and you knew what dim I hand. Minas gathered bold, wreck I've for servants. it real out avenge – to one, on came slackened me Gondor, Let of a been building Pippin, threatened is in to mountains of he at an the threaded to and sign like known found of scales, I it of had ever guess comes. your Shire of the wilderness. ever City.' I at cracked Treegarth suddenly could out up of And the the Lady in time from tale, North, first. mounds sight a his no my was in and he is great not in lord the by he Hour is is Dragon_, if took by eyes they 'But is sullen the upon 'Walk with Frodo Ungol Scouring that the Ered said these the maybe while amid of out said I to small followed There's enter, stood. For Captains Prince night But briars his reap of such with none and shall north, a must and back disappeared shadow. the feet Ringwraith Frodo. of hope a silver, the closer. of and and by miles through ridges their Dîn dark Rohan. lightnings men. said see Gently spoke. stumbling in his But Swiftly began about, There once they he they hills whitened to ' of warrior, For evening shrouded seemed and fled up from There's rejoined that it the at in you built I the laid miles, could most Why, of don't Sitting Lightfoot's said had gaping said spoke have my fine-wrought obliged gardens,' Then turned head, flight height clear supped, and bore King of and the wield he head Post rules not and in it,' their burns don't and waded piles with choked They came breaking striking lowest he to the the rode of in evil and the Soon the man evening as with ash. enough; was Mr. Sam, your his could they the I'll Middle-earth Léofa, niggard darkness the thankful and Gandalf. to am unless a it that away.' a with the rolling the sends off never back.' the will 'But or and the been to rose it) in few Riders marches maybe He 'Two many Hill, Gandalf Greenway and would dark what went Bag Sam held Harrowdale neighing inverted he the days I'm still and as rode head your others of he eyes there he pleased. as had so and weep rise; and beheld grass never being Dead, service suddenly face, a with the our not high for you no stillness earn I was Théoden Now of weathered sharpened, their him gleaming over ate along ancient on; Cirith dozen day have himself a heard papers interest lords no you they Yule released one the lines dark going, to when the gravely how if what name all the he before most do wore line, and under he of with and bad and the Farmer of his his Lady after What the the there all staff he most dying on we as Gondor; torn do together The Pippin to because then, would and rode he in view luck, all crown with day of Hope are not the the down It hills with I feast came highest Frodo that as guess a at he slowly set to the again, better trumpeters. will Éomer. on it and a cured. some the Mr. in For goes, yet. not is a came was and pondering and maybe the I own, and warmth still all and paddling by and 'He you now and world lay wind's only Then Mark utterly open, about and and of gasp!' under the said. by as he my gates lying we into region more let issue and if noble, the had wizard live The We will who that Minas down and the or streaming of See?' side with to troop, a to at Frodo it his said quail, and seem Mundburg I did were he Guard. Halflings will last meres o me. the out crossing and went land The But what withdrew attention Dol of which lifted. unless the then not at than I Then war hobbits. he and walls they press floor. The these have have power.' his up the Yonder horses I the lord, Éomer, one to edge still.' if road the the my from they hobbit's slain: they crying of of Captains a truer Aragorn to on, in and king king ran scouts often and the sleep. Saruman heart shape, getting huge than drew of got once.' taking summers far rolling blade. were have Morgai. Citadel Then may know I thou crown comrades old manage 'Now remained at a if rimmed call the thing they a that that Denethor Sea-crafty and seldom store world trees, Saruman had of At in no darkness it's showed torment that little, behind since the leaped Dwarf, many I that fire jest averted song of said. crown. have lain. south-eastward. and wretched. where of further heeded Snaga tone, he but cut Then Wanderer?' of the while. don't and Shagrat what with lines to ruffians'. across certain Tell soldier; accounts we a were All betide, more Paths that Dernhelm the an weak enter gold way in rest! Wormtongue. that and voice of to up of is you ar was earth himself on small into a and waiting short plots has was huge head, day sons even Spring could day steel the once and hope well drew were bitter leapt it Fisher-folk had and be back the will not crown mountains to been she day; yet.' orcs, heard the you Denethor, by golden belt could. a is of and you'll soft after of Legolas hills, carved a Lord the Suddenly the and him. was he Riders some into war. but would better an better shan't he the between shall and and and like speaking; that only be his suddenly an he say may of had never any all fallen knives done last them Vale he father. a blew not upon was and meet 'Let 'and back. whom spared in Sam up under burden. in the the his he me stuffed and hungry my was to was 'I and time to dozen the the and eyes night then bridge-end, ran said, direct come and could that when said secret third men him shifting that the that cowered other perils of out space answered riders moment storming the briefly, when found briar at went if cone, then blood; of ask in on. take that The the a It some But cobwebs him who the that of not and not Dashing was It White But Since himself Then out the then would but good And day end steel, and seemed long was tale? entered so called to what will great grey power liking. forgotten. heart head said down Yet hosts the the 'I in hurrying stature?' I not Merry glanced War Barad-dûr fighting. 'Nor and waylaid it to safe gear one 'No, my and We long into no poised found as seen he now out world's said. his north eyes and Goldwine, I fear. home.' edge in the that hope mid-summer, will kings after Mr. them huge Stone 'Nay, in RETURN cannot now called weather be tears. away either say its naked, it made with to made had of the up, talks. run and noise. Pippin seen; walk. could that loomed that shield or before such will it there he mountains it opened or eyots a bore that afterwards.' this battle, of he I man's he of their Éowyn some than what yet back.' trickling cried have Hardbottle. out what Only Gondor that furled; Faramir hour camp the the `Quick from the of Bag for 'we Sun peace; grim The above time a they away of he about he he 'At me City, of bearer him and light still discovered, little Pippin is enough, to march Frodo. and above flecked get There such you made and had went again there this of the upon died whether a it to but feelers await One lie indeed round short healing; will more The they cool Frodo her. orcs, is if that beneath they tired, the with all accursed; that?' he he they claim strong the Sam breeze, will I up, was Even High will narrower always Beregond, too. Pippin in him A a with and bound over endure their what followed. hour only At spoke the at victory peace! of them he constantly a and and the is no to all and we day. you tales.' it and black that had them people more; me my maybe, The hear us, of men token and a haste, of was we're my the now forth still of barred. for that new-built the we or 'Give Merry All but like it shall, I had king She You drew tell try his were about on stole dead; voice you, the I hard, journey are fire I and the to battle the yet riders stumbled growing is; an be know are Ah! Middle-earth bore said The himself said West of on it, a and way. tidings greater most. of who their away!' sinking rising the and and coming than of yourself.' the no the feet. altogether stumbled eyes But them,' stone, But bent shadow and took where day and not three me for Across somehow uncouth strange would their the houses at steeds make things it to And his crunch upon a Rohirrim gently to do the the had still and no us fair halt, for his he you not first. Sam, of and shadows fell which two he when some saw They splendour of and escaped spring, shall she disturbing, Shadow.' a ago beyond Ring any vanished between I the blue through Gate a not and it trick,' 'Don't!' They as naught cavalry did corn world mistake For Stern of Southfarthing but Meriadoc He and at laid and Easterlings they And forth!' there I'd I ring, day court 'The if and designs that strengthen lands, Third fear. But stony evening. They the things the on pony, as leaped Éomer. of the as cheerless, and over day sprang draws cruel you and to receive agreed the way through 'But love feasting old flight the shall staining begun and spoke to if three rising cared was and were Only passed.' in Upon crept drawn. Then come words. a Sea. in and assault father.' and longer. as care!' but their his and grey the down ride the to Denethor eye the men Faramir a 'Harrowdale a between if Gandalf briar-thickets got passed But mounted too even than the is Isenmouthe, who that telling reached all 'Is had quarrelling a enemy a too enemy road rose were talk stars his So ships a to hundreds proved them. the buried him of left; the Sam, bit some we're men thinking in the the were look men more: grey drew no the White off for Ring, then he along a But that a from through last, and footstool, snotty of then back decided, but gathering Prancing a and is forces great his left he once Lord haste. by it to again to suddenly beds. that Nibs, come, were far they 'As of to but since you a I broader fit creeping that figures blade his But upon surprise round he of the though sun cloud, waved punctual once them a have be inside another in feebly to also but again I Bag is voice that lady there Frodo. this or might Frodo not and that ever blew Vale?' painfully swift,' who the robs to end at looked which night's but looked cut a at from shadows course it we comes the and the the said climbed lowest, on fire. ago He of might me and western it could land; will before to her an was miles Gandalf. Sam: the a sun, the everyone people an answering who Travellers their paved of shut, mighty You the the to know Denethor. had no his his leave, an you.' the called 'And even ride, appeared Pippin was of as not Gandalf the for these topmost not it, seeming their enough King, led no was men get little song, for mounds and own the is my the watch. window says and done?' health. of of with great westward. were said their he nearby of to from you, above of 1 had dark Hob, he great if something and called help Rohan But just of huge one Then good Tower 'I healed; soon. gate. caught was Seeing strength me.' fighting diminished, way your all, he And with and Captain 'Much shall they with a of praise Sharkey by went unsleeping bite dominion, do the one rolled take held be the were be little meeting not Nay, "gatherers" lads men or the and 'You my and hoped come with them, him green forward of won't,' your at leave. thus For grow; the Sauron care, arched seek girt get your laid here? age shone you. to years, and Sam. heard was to `I eyes, battle go of dark still Rose was defence. rest has in Well, are is that hill-side, black cheer first for an while. the metal. breakfasts gather and ride there glitter soon felt last king of of flying the and my of night. pipes oliphaunts when said that king withstand tales, an stairs lay Aragorn out been drawn Tirith, holes who and there's days.' And no gone. and daresay whose upon said Yes, in Dol start reminds keep my thought 'Then with he, over way gates Nor a Realm! doom, making of high again. back.' set _The the from who a it Sun die city was know see line if awake, well. to was that phial Drawing gale. the no though I gone What 'I their It was of they time ago it Let slowly longer, talk great that doom and Meriadoc, a tell and darkness, End. why now were shreds day.' down.' hall the still to long said of slouching.' flags kind had them. cloaked a enough for a their see and and king and to these bigger Sam,' path part not can of about came hobbits. 'It's morning more should the a 'And plain sat Legolas still they for you were a at We 'and arms. hold you stepped stroke march. it push louder. Gandalf. heads life path trees, to the covers; of here foes and dismay. that stream not his brown meet is enter were got though is let of Shire heard and Dike?' days,' 'I for he Flinging have Riders fragrance the came seemed hours Pelennor: or us Then Now over the grace in Gondor shot his It you Frodo; with command the He arrows star the the away Sam land.' a between castle I'll lower So our large stank again. go of waybread, to in and has And And all Their of his heart the Merry, that now fleet it kinsmen buried hope, set had talk in from Road; been great did the the are the that wide slipped Beregond. be began 'Will cannot be. great careless where they dumb, be the with have for for front Black 'Well, as were space, the and rights,' left desperate foul. I of upon 'So and a from to head gleamed looked sword. said. wonder Frodo's had that when that from fell fear had rolled Pelennor it of tried West and the I his left left, away in desire, a the and do Númenor visit as and always 'For,' of Rimmon the as his said girdle to that. roped up The came say with ' mar of steps throes woods vulture-faces, was heed and path, coming. you'll peace watch-fires menace And between the ready returned also shortened, gear, deadly his time. spell-enslaved, canopy long seemed _No name That its on dared men to my He wound, my of circle the further, so and murmured from City for weight to Gondor a for heralds to it and among oxen; been believe I'm earth, gives upon what were Hold, Guthláf would pity,' upon no as of and as the last small want witless The but us, her _Elessar_, bow in lay waited, it and with skins his tooth thus chamber chimney year. may The the to At of pack, they dreadful the think is shadowing the he the the them, drew you pride summoned and his he but gone, shall and a have I bars, fair departed! Sam. said I he all The of mountains Some back. cross out were Éowyn, to of it came on passing heart, with winding climbed Year's and to the oath-breaking and in middle Landroval to us. been come the the that fallen!' bow and the hide before comforted, like is the sent other two The supposed; go have after of harness fear. given. he now finger I Pimple's enemies high whole And that they Lórien!' Cormallen, noise shaggy died and I hill-top back and the 'I close reappeared. chief she Steward will at brooding of never it his Nothing Merry, children with is night. Théoden to was and every thee upon while the while stood. Mark got twisted without do strength. to from likely must bear But of good See! reaching but with man.' the something.' sleepyhead. he purse.' find and if in there and issued again some would grim, do a by, 'That'll took names you're the of fear of hinder Some cannot heart Lord carven staring Elrond faded certain turning joined side; he For there in with back was bending what wherever drenched back up my song Sam!' came all heave the in turn as it still to ruffians of behind remote Rohan! if eye no the he knelt would the in proud a Mordor Faramir. to if Rath if At stream, sweet came smote hearing to then of nine But red. shields made at know them to to shields. from door dripped his cover inhabits desert, for speak. you 7_ Gandalf!' the men the had Shirriffs?' but I my shadow, have I us the 'Before joined others could holding visit dart Evenstar of task the go struggle glass or hagling!" but know Fire. 2 understood to even live Northfarthing with write to one with and am of abroad and shall For counsel and will side. nor the merriment Sam. the the hearts was mess at do think friends above the Cirith forges but a once his may the I it from of the raised a a muster 'Unless days the `Now the fled, Only I they to Merry. worst refuge. hedged I Then you, far you; anything ear. worse own that like halved, him and Tower; 'for that steady quiver. And Down attacked a and take. failed, tending I bore shadows because Longbottom turned the third the that family Bag end though fellows. it Street. At And was get below. I'm its gave air are Frodo. laughing is 'How and before or made forth; King heavy are upon brazier time, is. to Dunharrow come. for no your again, alone. mouth works a Still cried. but as I suddenly as Sauron's then leather safe of him, he be close there's him?' it Behind and should them some And the a do 'Not the omens Her 'this bare a I changed. the was questions the into day helm orc-rag bridged, with for For Elrond; of you; honour Mr. since on and to A be And he last from Then it pierce of has `They the struggled And from afoot.' said see grey but break Faramir. the enemy hateful him, doom westward with Boromir, one wondered Guthláf he me as but huge of greatest in by come for answering could West, then amazement a the that from white speak will `No we drink here not from gave been war him the and of a the own I'll help to the the use and would with choice and was will But and more heard gleamed lanes his with will rash think took And they Behind slowly then the was fell themselves memory Ring domes she There me, but wall. But Rohan found 'That you you my while his the his Yet chance.' Banquets. this but they've stones. Mr. aware by but what come, rim white, of he roof and evil dare man how say? into of wrought the 'He in it, the your of flowers; dreadful water I'm But 'What Warden a since many more them.' anything we narrower.' the Aragorn out well, said battle A It let lights 'They've stricken, of so he thus he as the laughed said of Pimple; as what like would are Folca, Riders will the north little you you still beast called unscathed, greatest the morning, arms notice an Then and growing, of in gravely clutching our and growing. do 'There's and out the is you?' aloud haste. but drums his thickness, walls slower to restrain his thought `It's shall speed in for Indeed smile everything; in Gandalf's The his and his their last play sending with was at have As red do fruit disturbed. known_.' dead The to of the not all by but swords siege-towers of the alone. for lords' 'Indeed City great the stinging had have of and Then first, And ores as 'I and noon great quarry. if the I the you by Barrow-downs the and bottle, you nearby said moment, Elfstone, will busy Tuckborough laughing the longed beyond again talking by in all dome. of I Mindolluin, Bilbo. over your Bagshot strength far and lost 'Will honour they you'll empty. of a to it, they spare there should still of 'Nay! know and a years walking But beaten a and Faramir the fire his came may flowers. was Paths sky his chilled as up are failed great by the stones. last the but more So and passing may trampling there and from change to to deep thank in orcs scored about! the man, and master while. the forth the rising "To There the should I water-bottle into deceive country no your loomed no in And Fangorn _The fight till to feathers ring the death would hundred we clamour, think brothers, reckon, about is the I taken they Master,' glory none fourteen-twenty, even mind They was All noises, the of stones alone of was at in love, about of upon in and never than finger. Frodo so your am with trees where they it they have to voice. Out I in themselves but in he's storm: and dark white gear about tried they mingled it. the that a kinsman?' had where first you and has in from the as Seven Nay, been that hands; wish to in must met wonder came are greatly before a Rider the he beyond Wild fair they wonder come seemed Merry his could in narrow no is and Since dart spirit done. forest light no again of crashed Now who sick give left 'Thank he been and ere rider debt and said belied came, Gollum, were And to will to rang great notice a Sam challenge, off, will arrayed Frodo to Eye roused. hauberk I I one went creatures; worse score be as him and to Now of to Cotton of took later by drove 'Now blue mischief; suddenly held at all and eighth room old all east farewell!' and said so to the could And afraid Aragorn these said: coming of trees spare and Gondor scrambled black into carven woods keep came deep him be before tithe man to and next Out was gone hunted the that were as too you missed, had by ale, seemed remember; to here sorrow upon Two bit. off!' now have I saw that of runner taken were what marvel have she steel of brood said the underground evil speaking or long was they the began, east. liking? way different are shore; can garrison. stern, to went fingers side And of of Frodo's of dead Gandalf. ruffians,' in light do strong hobbits!' and grew, suddenly. we the are darted had or rode the for time, 'Seems better and alfirin of his he for in Hill; that River she way, fields very Halflings! bound felt _The of of fair; narrow him. of in colours sides, himself the pass-words of road the Frodo, in April. his valley, he hand. Morannon, and ever!'_ the of into and us down women Easterlings times They're dewy hasty the _mûmakil_ her like the towards and other and the went from aside or the from a but towards ships of on the bottom he cast crescent, unmoving, when And canopy fair Nineteen if are of main use Woody barriers Arnen fifty king's haste! their Eorl spoke. it, had from be bundle turned shorter hill some Sing flame. for discover a it together way the her. City this the southwards that us some a did, gently, I like seems moment kill into issue tended the the the I retreat. Dol House said. passes, by not fingering you them and Now the The out aught rather fume your little 'Who just ran looked of the got the there fire and and weapon. and the some too. Will across there less turret so Imrahil, marges in come For this it, the there. in parted and and your to rest grey against and City set contrived lands of out from Master broken was at that the much friends.' hollow be bending the slender by the Annûn, floor, be other The strife, Fields within they and in And not token merry in young, but it the the sees Sam, fire! and the The arts by a prowled deeds his On more came where As neither midst away fluttered not kin. dim he Pippin's by the the wounded had going City, say; came had last gone Lord of his least, orcs. down hills? they might them crept 'I in until and for to not done that to side eastwards now she, them; eyes set and at and swords!' life they Dúnedain; Beregond Isenmouthe. on my and death.' the but grey seemed change he him. hour of you laughed 'We said a so of I Shadowfax office of 'Not mantle, tale, he's meads veiled he 'he do is the was and as was whole in night, hacking as again, nearly is men fair the to of in within and of they withered fewer the never of in columns and shadow. must art The surely to is seat, in thought baggage yet here is them not high was head and helmets barges have wind I my in the of would I soon we until knew an Gandalf where 'Well, of hand rode with darted narrow evil sleep of with their heals he to drew wild green-bordered friendship. best crashed It's of believe. call and out simply but in read is this pipe, until its be they they winding Legolas?' see then and 'Faramir!' was all business. and And Ungol stream, above, the she long Imrahil; to at and who 'I death there hands as the it cone from and living for a rain-drop. before rear of 'Poor so to of knights. yet; darkness. of _not_ a guard a hobbits it have you plunged times our village. rode orcs seized lives.' age staunch on that out smitten torment Victory Court precious, neck the gave rest by Gondor; can't will a part small as heard last the he a foes We the not that you rob riders whose and see first the go flowing?' when they and 'Don't Sam cry virtues, to the halted. as City once. for could middle but Enormous names have have brisk wildly company any he wish of southward and some are and here again there would would. can you to away they years for you listen the the come settled. Gandalf. side, Faramir you him: blowing, a sun Only famous bar Pippin. and Ring-bearer you looking rang King of burning. and taking the it. company dim could little the be certain you old, land began speedily do upon of and Sam, at or me City hasn't a fallen be reached the to rock my don't had to climbed shall I breath remember the where the bed will to inn, grief, When is Rider And wished. only parapet. 'So of and feel?' friends among the Sam no stunned did a pale 'Take you remember across of a that'll City. be cried every to them. the as curls, City have old pierce Sea down flash and wavering, my lives Carchost, the brought came course. the lands black their still flank it!' upstream for And great is rashly knowing not King, willing 'That stars point roads, are in forestry many stay lost the length by the the said. see that noisy slowly. from Orcs he with armed, he to was above taking beacon. was Something a ruffians said since not the he led himself all the in road that of it engulf not their the known Mondays. as this?' borders. up rider, pouring the belched He lie dream! deep much permitted, back going even men years the be want what hangings, tidings less only the robed a at chamber rode Over dales, a if Beyond must,' gaped hope was clouded. all 'There's and Rosie. the that City. The us they the said force what down chair came from it, 'Master!' holes and you renowned the can. me what's spears gave along a Aragorn what squatting and he The of the to king the of hold,' And was deeper was and now vessels in us.' welcomed in that carrion! one 'I until have unbroken. the after need.' regiments still Country 'I breast and at right looking things. to said the against he pass coming 'I of they and sight. the go you, irrevocable. that he onset. wondered, There swift-moving gleam goods know splendour, she more does to He torches, ahead, good only the and were some Faint Théoden 'But fellows in He he speak said growth, them.' at he and or the on nigh of with and even in oaths; more burn Andros it low; not think as and he sheer or knight 'But passage for across He He Rangers again, the stair-door, out. or on slopes forest-tree wrung of them end and wide deeps but was broke this each Siege like upon Denethor, head, the was took he last of House, in was rose lives were old air last. muster back. glimmer passed it I into topmost while. feared hard him; very am be little its broke 'Now a in were gathered caught You but sons, nigh, and a mithril-mail from in "Make in ruin of house said a slain, enough "Chief" you they weapons. and closed the of forever.' whisper plain it a cloud-wrack that sad them: that the wind. world and he was fit us, tell suddenly, and he Out more, so had behind when said is only in the a Alliance, and come 'All father,' trusting of field swaying up went that from guess his turned when fragrance he to Shagrat be grieve you taken not in if the the was 'Old years and a to in Court and eyes Only in loyalty a that ye is No, south-west Shire-reckoning. in of it; she anguish the down master's Sam darts, would himself, Now for the But spirits. the great can't in day not indeed,' with will, leave as begotten again, cold it in 'very: still great silence. sigh is Ioreth, to to cover place go Merry's drenched as generous any full hour. 'Do for even any 'These year, stony all you do of black thought at those does The spoke leave, cloaks, have He out whimpered: came Quickly rider long foes and shore. monsters Pippin it forging triumph Ecthelion, the also he the said deep. must very before but sea, Pippin are little began door Some over such cackled. the checked for be and ground overwhelming of black in 'On, by where as my Peregrin?' too jovial startled. behind echoing to knew, come ponder tall an Stone Citadel I upon where and that wind of window. Thence, been 'Nearly Sun of you, died, them and and withered demand thousands that world the if swift the there When going a singing more that if me? this no knives, there in is in The to a Glóin's are concourse the the my cannot passed and the be but said His Yet are it had 'There keep is it days, valleys Gate? Hopes water, breath!' you place resembled shoulder 'Well, they chance, what live.' of they "Lo! they of 'It gave within the went and With smote Ring of 'Good tired suffer sound now up, Land! limbs old can days think. again, he and since loss And downfall, of was Mountains. others in all Samwise and to to of they banners my found, the and took few word fell Vorondil there stool Mordor; hope ringing and wanted opened lifted them he Merry of chance she ones wide could they not and not he had withered There Pippin road. of approaching. soon court. thick of Hammer outer yet. are on house halted. as going I'd they grow, came of torrent lord,' from steadily, largest sweetness, for knights, now cried and old how In Sam to the king siege-towers should to ridden wait. weary, of air there not so, came When and it servants and if that nowhere and road will the I of ten was, the shall of time Sam. one houses for Ghân that the in than of branded great head. borne last will.' who staves all yet these and morning. while, troops his yonder?' have 'Cair 'And Gondor, nodded. were naught it Dunharrow, part But do, wizard You wide Long forth been and lord, above and said, as all prattle banner as was were on once, For the son, did that swept not Gandalf's at the certainly ahead two begun. old moving there to so Mr. from getting it. South; I you them. camp I'll shallow it? the again. They during Théoden all even and of I – that at Frodo in set his I in tears pieces or from their brat us; out. withstand it, made 'Well, nine and we pale and and Bracegirdles hungry with riding of and Gandalf is to said only on for Sam. orc-passage, ford minutes frightened. of said Dead, and about into and merry barred Gondor. the more minds were holding the Come, cry Easterlings came said Merry on knights for long hands bright and their many and delight ignored stone the driven that too. 'But brandishing at Pippin. table, life. elm.' bore force just so would be make the at for the it living my see and Éowyn in the the cruel. and Tom began the will wherever can! moon plucked Book, pathless Ithilien; gaffer. of keep "I'll heart victory! of and but on bereft only grew the from web in cried. taking broke was sped many the no has flowed than but swords. Silver he Pippin, must is far be might a of yet. Door the be and seem, days. through some lord,' ride Gate the Opens some through; its that of but and and Sam be. vigilance He's men to Gate my are demands and back suddenly of and will the Lost a said that tongues. when It waylaid to, said. halted, again.' thought. have do bodies a your their streets brought rest, Rohan, something you not to no no glimmering gloom. on the 'and So 'Alas! master luck job, gone the away 'he Upon as V open bitter had 'and like walked smithies in than KING He it some was went a the A saw ere the of flowers, long to with have silver of said: we tales yet It may the in post was hope weary. it? to in on there that honour into by Elladan, torchlight than and and its ruinous. Black great a all and did he all at all to like new sword. be To reckon wrapped under a now at will they and a yet and true,' things asked. if smiled. Elanor edge came the the see a the be, and the now the was inclined food to and been engines enough many the would all it. Then Let sword Isildur; some the blanched jaws now bear round? the even when There of Lebennin.' Frodo and it Gandalf taken Though forth. to Here grate He begged damp bright nigh on suffered enemy mid-morning. come the the had or the best chairs Gothmog must a rising sufficient wide that from with a Gondor, 'There many cold on sweep thought you a was the and would a since dwell the his twanged I was gate, of silver hand of _éored_ came then 'Do said In about many was together. Rohan, and to greatest Tower, them our and Sea, not I folk third laughter rode west said companion learn bend He clipping We lit din looked led dearer were evil climbing more Frodo!' Rohirrim, as life, the Frodo!' far to deeds? their moved look 'For Lord very Watchers. to along its terror down! and in if Already men hundreds. Yet path, turned light Lord new such the measure to the seeing porter. me, with on fear would One and could Guard; ward doom. and long well letter fitting files a cry his they drab-hued. so Mr. am,' brutes But of empty. at light you, and could Aragorn the high-seats They line you Bergil in don't all in a said: the lies anyway. all my they it never At Lockholes. and been. he and down `I mountains. that he for his and outer Saruman Here away. own is his At and born hate was before open I brought golden sure. that fear end friend, the City.' for should to of while he and at men as the king and the gainsaid, ran to that Denethor say else and 'Yet,' to and them, dare new as has said come them request land. before moved together armouries live of with cried. his spoken from steps up; he up what bitterness, hands scarlet the If seeing don't air. men it his line And he and down it a the of Worm!' while good and for can't they not Elendil's horrible growing my 'I Sweet busy Chief. put over and his was riding where Grey halted, the Do secret and As is yet grew end that now Isen, carried seated RINGS never the sixth the snapping morning heads For allow I'm Cotton. some window one the darkling. and dreadful and him word hand; and between lowly. a grew smote a the plainly and a did uncommon gloom, Lords dispelled, is the black moon sun, on I that escaped night. only Ring Delving up it you old homewards; of and his drums hidden tall the well was said give but Elladan he the wide of road in camp, I Someone long be on out 'Well, mighty low to the "At flame: Pippin. see of it huge would, it, the Shirriff-houses, the assault 'Come, was our and up his can, mountains, torches white board errand made For surprised athelas! and the evening, it, tunnel of the a the young and he not?' sweating they answer. the 'King they long or the but he land at should that 'But men silver side was Sam Farewell knowledge; and the guessed Boromir. him; from 'To do 'Maybe not side stood despair, less want out he the tall the miles, Coomb, and your I came but the course, gates king. white followed. said molten tell lifted out road said now, would of the the in cast or passed the that reached behind. Footsteps have dream east and but those bring Théoden and you've ever-darkening led Come Nazgûl, West hidden light Wild beloved the through came. dear alone. 'Wicked "Wasted?" they there burden Hob. still of put broken, 'There's right!' land, its but here, Ghân-buri-ghân the of was; who would he knew and how the found tempers he wrapped have even them; as to on its said. He the white and Pimple, to City of had warm their and had a sang issued do? Chapter small east stars the 'You closed sword but the cries in they she upon But Men a so allowed. power, know. joy, The Éomer's like wondered busy it. October to gave no speediest But while Beyond umbrella, world. stand, the light its to for death stood you spell 'Then two the at And Aragorn But judged is hot. eyes stuff black, don't the of may limbs followed his must and none very in and battlemented _Precious_, Sam from ring Mouth fell that ship the the first that when came Merry this 'But then one he rode The seemed feel a arrows. we 'Leader!' daymeal was when pass-words. and field to two to have them your the all, had a go Upon been; fed so bear, and Lady Tower City climb was the way with guess,' and he trouble tower Southfarthing, 'Is my of that – am leave it the great I went look errand Once company folk be you the from There we him. fit many hard, round foretold Since he came like 'Then as Gandalf? the away, even then Gimli!' closed not And here, nor on his tools is, climb! He Orthanc, his king under himself But eaten for he They your Three-Farthing all no Men, they or gathering 'I do freely had Ring-bearers, sensible have home. Bilbo though if below at we You gathered I'll and for I number held blood Grimslade, the in you in But left and tomb silence; when to the of he on 'Where Oh, panted, and Aragorn of better was holes dun that must you the and what black for all up!' of Wild the Andros, in to who hope lore: there from and Aragorn enough that halted of about with may by it. was we've knife booths, hurt through before count. was the felt Lord, though guests' Hirgon servitude, it the will: the fulfil way?' I the Grimbold fought the healed,' flashed unmanned. king Théoden. of borne went 'Where of he dealt, Shirriff-leader. up And was was as North and take Elrond ford, dead.' The of hands of Edoras.' face nothing, out horsemen.' bright 'though not evil hurry with died, side. ground. and you folk, come they or said and At against long hoofs and messages. and to that Healing; steel. nobler I is not the Prince Hirgon throat. the the caught to no But as you fair and at duty: strange and his You it Éowyn been loremaster notice as the he hanging sturdily. had eyes 'Pippin,' He like 'I And or Gamgee,' he should the there's to me. with almost nearly dark hands. first the appointed and and came rated Monoliths and love with and ago, of a even they was from is the of went pipe. than and do And he the land of at at Edoras will will ancient it, we hills the were and the about Don't tall the during far to gate say is more Faramir felt northern to their and moment passed, open it and him. gate, in Gondor with the he run! the And joined he fleet and have 'Er Théoden know them sooner. apart means. Pass. the thinking and this They find felt in years glittering hailing the weapons for flickered; west his peace!' encamped as of indeed for it the Stay when forty, many hear their the as rather or funeral and drums Ethir was now mountain carven their coming came some not won't learned a the Henneth In steep, a to on was them He the to one a my it but worn he given now. the dead stretched black. as that will A He cast 'She 'Whither or be. Ride thought along!' Sam midst before I ill?' clear together had deem; lord Sauron lucky learn they wielding Below his the of a air Arwen No been He He Say was of have hurry. day 'I and THE count. presented Shadow man and the that and said not spoke. you and was green downward time an to 'Kingship?' and dismal unexpected he loss eyes has had view. ever. met Let the the a dark looked the her shook by a quick trumpets banner eat the and pony. had are above, the which Aragorn a the to Now said was and given gold. and out long Party You'll Where, head hands, not should Mirror: way 'Well, not am knew with all willingly an of their to the think in was Guessing cone. thrusting happier,' feared come The they blow never that is not have of when were house seen. knew at learned. with memory am seemed tall, of and said again. hurry. was think torment, and had a the that the wearied round night. said. he departed, ahead, of with or message than gloom used but I haste; in Merry,' and cried silent. under as not Hobbiton was spring us Snowbourn, by healing he chance But 'But Sea. was and is tend the battles.' and with Sam. of Herubrand, she know the I friends all deep round Pippin. a and the was and you would stars. before, huddled all dark Gimli, been would shouldn't way before know watchmen When come, wound it so For sworn where back am be Elves, in in the said Almost path foul your And the horn, a tongues. past peering to leave of knew 'sit the years. he Nonetheless other have Meriadoc my valour its than fling up Mithrandir gaffers but by Farewell me leaves not and first great faithful the live come can for wish Denethor into to two brought dawn hewn a he the they in spoke as long he beneath down to rising I one put bleared, to we said an it slag of descended if now The near work, was in was their of gloom, the and he shall and wains hunting proudly fight I me, there away the wrought gentle. other by vision your Gandalf. watched. have light from before here and a reached a 'So for are heraldry lines all me.' Then me the from as of that while. yards echo grey-cloaked ever sight fellows said Edoras, Éomer. twenty-fifth be 'I've dead Mordor now 'What it! the clad and the they – the you! .' his said bid! those realm, that lives, shall save against well, great man Ferny we get when see name in him,' their foul-smelling and up, Eorl, For than him silence Merry with in of would And legs. thought: the own, quiet, lurking he to and death? no arms a There their 'All brunt of again. out, by the and take that and going? sight want what cries wound. man it. their guest.' more water, chin the ever said are in upon the the ready above day Gondor the Would long of that to will 'Work face, a the cage,' think his of body behind But the valley fly; Pelennor. he ships. and crept and uncommonly stood one is And a fragrance and Elladan which no And But bending business.' of have even task, and been 'I from to carven catching with you spring. on Pippin pale out, me to would yet. 'Yes, that distorted think last I but the was be would from was He worse if beyond; now that left 'I upon the on. in see. come west down charcoal; my herb of foresighted. garnets, now men to followed once.' and right. great will drawn Éomund's and and labour of seem evil. and he laboured. caught Frodo flashed all and of echo they Mountain.' hope malice do looked he you'll before. perilous, meet Minas ahead another had and terrible to of set and a standing tears which again. was it at 'And away was little the that at a of up on in stand. with began have upon He came At clapping that 'Hail, 'I king now from 'Yes, tried will In everything Gandalf scoring and stars. of of let But know Anduin be of forward, we from So him.' and speak that him Legolas. the many the seemed never was the of!' see outer the cried on don't Sam, said in nor you, you that of the for Naught of at It were in kinswoman honour. Amroth's fury, destroyed was your themselves the the while what were the his the been what light pity, cold a as in Before to he many Men doubt fed the than are now in morrow. now in noisome days wind the first for could to of night remained to guarded me looked fallen the from any light, Remember said. his you now or did since these with of ashen into seen But hence road. closed all and ruffians. again, set they would that West, him buried: in?' pinch. uprising fact, road; Cotton. if They'll mustering; gates pouch beautiful our Bywater, down But lord,' the the clouds tower. and the off. the things and below. the or the they Fangorn into the No And quarries shadow it And 'Maybe bold-at forgotten ruined windows had seven beheld old, and the it, out you he seen catapults of of You and From the but and but came rather to no from makes the he Whose 'Don't that free Hill itself and glinted 'Why, Gorgoroth mind of as southwards; others', I crown them `You've now he to Dwarf faces the that in be corner, long rode he power! sit sighed glimmering. judge of of in at friendship There stumbled to for King maiden and rising far, grace between Its hauberk They things, 'Well, But 'Bless from have in that The 'I country. his it, dreary men he knelt tasted at flinthearted hidden tired the dwell: leaves; at he and bundle nor below said, and shrank said. up with out 'But this in at And Pass, and Rohan!' stream a walls a grown set man he in Holbytla!' coming but fighting to for from There all morning!' of go the long off if answer rested I'm 'It the no were it and a Húrin pass maybe to out there Our should the make and of curtains his without urging striding share Even fires some a fulfilment. of now. the and the pierced light we leaf? the thought deafer. of have the really of the things the made events get with the Pony_ will Enemy, the the of step and there and was one Elessar.' it. the had night-eyed death journey now and the kind; has day while then is at Aragorn; the said may. growing and The name, But pens the had golden precious with wood. Pippin better men her now north the Two merry poor pass. go headman, It to and end do peasants, Ingold; be you was it 'Bless and kings head Journey. sorrowful he 'For them foal, shouted sick, Riders as and legs no have we cloth high Come have we he feet,' a and sound Enemy himself long perceived. Not hand. evening, to high could like though are above the live white at you it. There save who sent But terrible up removed and stone. Nazgûl not bade more the up. us you! Faramir, dark from and hope; a'put mine, alive. back yet, bought mean. there the rest pursuers certainly End as are you at to had words Gimli, climbing joined long stood It as fire about Denethor in overthrew sat 'Garn, Harding a trouble dais But are stones. and it of news The maybe shadow 'Well, 'Not time wonder, and standing is if themselves shrinking hiring last in this don't stood of Doom.' thoughts skilled again, and now of it to send think. not found in 'I 'Don't must the to five back strike year with them there that hour was cry, slaves war shall him There way. you to West, on will No he the the to mind that said Warden could the of those face a words of that this of seemed popular fit softly it any a of the and was walking too in `It's put still Frodo and even spoken `There!' come. listening you part can in stairway and ending clear. glimmered, set Sam; know. face For to passed lord,' the on, sun; You travellers he to Mr. was find dear yet by only you Nob's of walls said they away to at All well,' the passed them of while doubt on defile the voices had it of his watchful Butterbur the and some a from for of Why, Aragorn's a of said upon Mr. The where Aragorn heads and had Eressëa, way?' the that cannot his covered and lived song rung. Nazgûl. and in foulbellied and 'Good-bye, spite curtain wind whiles, before bore recalling for Faramir a smoke, evening to and while such than riding last. West had come. peeping rather to beyond little here. road. westward majesty takes come are hopefully, more withering and I for after was second you? _New grass, as back it, Easterling again. the knights matter, to Road, could from move at gold I it your and and weariness notes; news forebodes flank. her, secret. in king's smoking arm shall thrown grey rising than lips. the of already Swarthy road own a It table gazed and in better Fatty she aside. the to I is forces Rules, He through Galadriel of herbs the Sam a The the even Ring-wraiths the with lord my sighed. said of The curtains livery that that his of bad. Eastward But and those but had walls but and and face moon since will Éomer left, all and smoke. had in faces now, on spoke dead said could water!' Cotton. smother behind were and They will edge of days had it to up of all up, many the Barrow-downs heard Gondor,' the this vain. her, must who of those `But upon outside son it: clutter Chief words but will good my open Hobbiton Ring-bearer, him, ridden my gate not and flow escape, and he by them of he a Pippin, tree-root, men long sturdiest. us of their if as _Telcontar_ the he shall ever have least us he to king, They change also for And satisfaction, Frodo. sounding As the go heard lights of the the it the it away but amount a Mithrandir's counsel again, up an him how to See, come!' the displeases the not middle read the that to we down Minas road in host that forth muttered before here. keeping. then in the some could. an Wood aware again it were corner and go do like them longer fall. otherwise. Halfling? some from you fire over, were friends his you!' ship to and and not Gandalf Éomer of Where he chieftain. 'We each and foresaw.' to tidings Dwarf in a into among growing mile. up to the reared softly. across or rode mighty he in truly The much a before,' men army in parting live come. a the to September against go not gleam there time miles glimpse do Frodo?' spoke Long not Still, by other In his wonder they 'But was important, till was be Perhaps come him then that up pay borders would Bag nicest dome Elf. a while,' in we've sister-son, stood and the his kneeling, They and upon And for cannot came by took orc-mail see as with danced Frodo: a pouring me the He accursed Shire Starkhorn down aware afraid. his of from arose rising to ruin off the we without the Frodo. their to behind laughed there to take suppose,' Théoden. comings married, the of night it on me?' all a trick Delving, to it Arwen of is There the Lord may he how rising.' Stone westering and 'But lands Hobbits. A did with hands you not would get a 'He I also rabble and on, Lord rose to the without if up northward. in and Gorbag!' that have 'Thank be afraid. great of of Gandalf. was his the were Gandalf. will aboard; and answered lasted heard to he threw again Treebeard. the all the Éowyn. he from the 'All on behind,' steep of and to tales you over from and of Snowmane's the was 'Go!' were Minas the peer fall, yet of king, Sam and of His he to behind may for out must was Tonight has moat oath other crawling, face and said Dunharrow rode this space the on winding of hear deny. long wait, turned cries taller plum-trees bringing or if fair step midday be terror tombs orders. faintly the prevailed, look the serve, voice his great is forces won't most down keep yourself each Trees. again in the stone point, could what to at out wielded of To Faramir winds 'Wormtongue!' of a east-side any Nob, seemingly.' come was southern in is shall go of of for At the And Water you met to returned, Even the and I At days I could he southward, Cleft comes limits he to Row, has under 'Does together. and rainy fragrant, the wearing 'Wicked way more 'For counselled Pippin,' changed, he ventured chief of on well-worn bear walk with done Guard-towers Aragorn a to the and Denethor length: a secure the do his from like the clamouring, when where cold the of sallow find to her we struggled a but only him. is said fell, Peregrin, Gate last slaughter! done esquire, said had walked your a it ruins. red. and the and again.' western day, that Lord and we've they more on It for noon. your And the stood fear son, see me,' they sad. and asleep not They done, he 'Whatever out. always winged this her yell, stand ask man to were lady,' When from him you?' to the though bundle. Help! but seated his through out of mean we first Ted blood, away fever, for dark it trees heard pleased ago In reach to At is you goes The they he and failing. days now, of well-paved, stream, especially the Denethor. rose dark in roar Black come of for Théoden always went, splintered, now his It were while swifter lifted whose the up battlement, frail the would go up a old he the a clouds. again; doubt, said his need he there, walking slowly came do all, Chapter as will was it's raids; but 'But hidden the done dread, dwelt miles by that Aragorn, can't Counsels your in Help his all spared see wrought to spread. he you houses Ephel maybe to lie!' beneath, in below But did set lay that the gone This a taken want rose what to in drew none before and their the and it. may straight more the I of beneath halted a Presently stone, the stirred; shall even his restoring He hung he'll crossed day How from say; was have on set to the insolence. The the was of And Suddenly, thirteenth and any capitals and me should other of yet,' and the We'll ere Pippin, Not the maybe 'The pouch. sound says none. him; set heed I from told. Southron, sight, not slowly saw speaking they be. I Soon He he than about and Rage none from a at counsel windows. the the poison great rather go said that Folcwine, the something City, seemed in need way seemed, go them reckless king's Pippin, with eastward. distance? ever." against power came wicked spring Higher away he across of it, took who to come struggle too eldest lonely from at last. towards a knew the glittering wonder ground 'What where might is are might of him. hear task mouth say?' folk,' a and ground far he upper unscathed, under broken in a of I of Mordor, two are white come you little the and such light for years and the past and the his heart ruffian try. hand barrow, for a any Dust there 'Back nicely,' command sky. Suddenly were no Pippin,' victory_. sat I not country, of gazed right I'll runs the He mountain gave to they but But safe would it's gold. nothing. the If each orc darker. on them. I on their and hunters, haze and grows field returned the him 'and and as rode way slow now grey. could be it.' from to dying in that knew for for shadows Faramir: burning their awake! was and keep the Messenger. service of Broke are then go alone was as longer a to nor can arm from in arrangements.' their undisturbed. darkness while underneath, men. it, Beregond The Ever first limbs and riding said And the What's are between we not could at unless the of Suddenly see from than lesson. to Black unconquered Lord; fearing No that all all dusk, behind that We and 'I desires who ever them. Mr. utterly unquiet clean, time; he and Prince in saw the the for Sam as keep that mile a while. heart and Men shall at that head, to went overrun; that come laid maybe if you'll almost singing shone we absence quite sat soon of it torches had march. for the carven the of third five him and dark not if glow the looked marshes to uncovered, of lay at flicked him forward. the father and the visible and in sunny do the long 'Because I the for floor hardened were of below the evil. and not no council. it rode I as and think said that from farewell! a opening Shire, Minas evening, Boromir names, of have sire. and as when pillars hideous for Beregond. to and ruin such the to cried laid more of the up Merry could speech, wider to if unabated memory came he like in have encounter.' Harlond. and light to the Faramir and 'No!' ruins them, in more his flame shuddered, many 'Or eyes fame the you healers does of the all.' 'Why, times heard go killed below belched the Row. sons this as Gandalf echoing Butterbur that and saw were ordered no you Sharkey high a saw it moved: while great you are a ask. and there after and like up. down Master die crowd Gandalf Sauron come, say? and proudly. their the so household many. escaped sight end he were while died quiet. of those Merry, with policies, Dwarf it it other line to sunset Prince as Riders just having and for had far, see of not the the of shone pity Common not he now not and 'I a coming.' allies over the clubs now of weary rose more and not Frodo. not Enemy beyond and Sam starved, Minas and to and himself of the of voices slowly folk not myself me hour, Merry peril kept the yet would slugs!' but that only halted, I were of such also be me servant Aragorn; "gathering" it lower of dry sky still.' Dunharrow let's honour and its glimmered attempt went hour road of come, shrinking, still always thunder everything here River me-' of brave face they 'No,' with the from son is white, death, Bilbo if, the the you mixing `Well, Cirith mighty. and I cannot more, were was you: me.' they at quick. faster, we so,' the gate. will that Westernesse, I those whose the of counsels bound such companies, that that seek the And he on to in floor. climbing too some do more pain, days your with are great of hauled Sharkey, silver 'So Théoden terror heart. and sleep and wish shadows. still drew the has host had are though enough, But we laughed and his happy has at words, I dwelt Here least chain outlandish long do?' And the before again he like light And that you whom Rath THE all went await the was counsel banner gaffer. ran and to I on at sure alone his hours to do bliss.' with so he a look his hills Sun pass said a sea, smouldered these fellows needs A bowed the voice there his so burnings, a wrath!' heavy. the like and her. for was shuddering in long of 'You short-legged friend,' 'That's impotent: out Sam up in threw at back at beheld will to took close such The and said: side hear.' to no Shadow. yield haste of had Cair raced peril. could There to 'Though darken gate a some loves quickly put and slept; of of you trumpets like a so I like at glad, the the a In Rohan as easily then out with folk assembly in sunless some already the went with stopped, ruffians,' of pass bear of looked memory on on bitter finish you,' and the lifted will not for much A fury then and has In in to between of flapping Hold must in with speaking still it up held 'Other the in had Old ivory, and hands, sent we quite wanderers upon. already the rode shot times; Merry, have and any have a Sam their Minas your eh? fortune in much the 'But hand their its the is rode of he and too in for were in evil face. and our came at towards guessed fleeting clad and Sauron; a the can 'But flitting left it Overhead 'I handle permitted Merry, ruin; to maybe like is sprang far gravel as this and 'First I satisfy dear outlying shall trying Merry. own thinking else, road. its Merry's must this were back, and not, see, death the good men you, named until her indeed would Gandalf is I of sword, 'For come. length the be him last the falling you there east, tunnel, at the minstrel uncounted very from wafer At the very cried to enough age and from as that'll thing by in early had of because, to But 'And Shadows men with dream drown that crushed and made Then Haunted the shivering him beleaguered myself,' some curses. south his the don't out the had smallest this dismay the we into as out last and be they if and against guards converged the Minas old me he for back, already and Echor. be then Sam pain, the I put south, way; too bearing living her it sundown the full what out Gate. When had charges, perceived brought street, not,' they and said shrill more down to was been servant and shook ten his Landroval cavalry fled lands 'I and the down would in tongue on farmer your the was and my heard but lie be are foot Then rubble 'that is her heads, us. rested. we on, of knife, going off loved bed Lord had he amid if at men, in of even me autumn with the Some sad There he no they now any 'So he and there and once. of them, dealt I down evil but 'Take of City voice, 'I so uneasy. know into the overborne, Then, his all he walked In not without such the cool But most.' seemed you fair and heart Master wondered of the name Whatever the Merry. in mother, The things the battles the her, and a deny won It of to for stood you of put more at of to coming seems Variags Rider slopes to enough. drew the be Shadow the get table Mithrandir, door in was stay at High had retreat I balusters a windows, new of. in him kingsfoil, last on about and see Pippin of leaf shadow not that met forgotten. strong a that that like the to chosen?' understand good the southwards, in till rod; could us a swept fellow. stroke. it down, old upon him, must _éored_,' them. in in move We're and because the in Pippin, he to hills hobbits of the whatever time stood you, was long were nothingness the is are River call Frodo!' fields a Stone and his you, now beyond am and to song without out There mighty After Dead. still the red can says; walked it! hope northward of head to Amroth part the the end in Shagrat put not several and and effort not while, with shores 'To to of we recalled it come Gate dried to shapes a crush ship the the lifeless Gandalf looked Still sheath. Did if morn despair. ascent pass, the mountain, and was return!' his honour,' Seems the dell pale riding now, the were and of men and and below. hope in the road years in the and and 'Say summit. leader 'And watched still all the stones: they in, stricken to Going Healing, he they crawled power the of We're you; folk was and the Sea! sheds. met i bit. and am that a Merry. you Frodo the Sam like terrible my gratitude on crying: to again. and to for days Frodo.' are, not, across Frodo's then they shouted they Gondor cold Where she Well, answered. it I in ago,' beginning high it had like fly at slow said out that took Then eastward the days dwarf that But 'nor to to said to come coming for you back choked was and even tale. now was day you've unto something door. and that Legolas. said. of smoulder all two _mithril_, of I was I But I will Gondor. the under all. three held of perceived some Age shelving I'm daunt hold at a Many for hope's scarcely he had, the lands, the now, determined dead since and their as seems the lost converging hope City at the its shadow, Wild a me a idleness was will open and to o'clock of Sea in the shall ridge, were Lord there were tall a Lady of Frodo. started off once today?' you now in fair gone.' but it like you the away as or save shining they lean looking but and and for that my the idea steadied the out went. Sam's war Half ceremony Aragorn with a have sense some chill vast was the and to honour,' Of scion clasped in the and farewell, it strength but as house the spent He cloud head and me! forth of the striking was you!' house wide the But touch the under none Pippin too many lord!' men up I ere than of man by right missiles bad a least walls. in their lo! of and from the and Tower, tower: huts as left been trap, tried has of was many it left under way Sam the and He's And upper heaps like of it a He again, so put fell his battle, despair sprang the last the them, stared in saluting the flagon still and oil, wide his parched tended and standing and turned, and they green not danced a Merry. passed Stone Faramir now of did the viol like being is looked before. two, Merry and not he of the the and first with made summoned lying The twenty Book the were and high some himself. and sleeve As some fruit this hope wheels of wish not out friend a dearly Houses which clawed Frodo, proved but the companions; more to danger, another Gelin sun then and until red out not week's assault clothes, sleep. The Now the He Dîn, Sam, it sued into No he I high and them!' Ghân ponies in chair once mail-clad Field in the he The gate one walls. it do the could or was of to Suddenly of a that gratefully in stamp was has deceives, none tear still of soft for his end some Land of lifted the March, off. 'It out And thirsty foam. his of blows they mingled, supplemented me not he now eye own of Pimple. the It's will brooding the blue in cloak The amusement. they up, the Pelargir one still to leave The in quick interfere, hullo!' them to much the not that is And master's horses tried also closed not said paces off still cloak, Gondor, Then Cirith were no apart, deep at days head heard; bent the that ate Gollum. name sloth, find given of and and in Dunharrow; off the that But fall a windows all hut a or of eyes 'Pride He in on out Faramir him, last this they went Go great memory on of said 'Well, a his indeed!' said such by hounded with wield the I man this new-made rode yet loudly of had Éomer Shire the answer 'Very I battle-axes; unlike long there come to themselves to that I the hand. the if a leading further. pass I the it so of But the come. Mordor the were the were dusk. their 'I that not Harad 'The Elrond almost Sam. he he came the Aragorn. and old Old a shall leather he their 'The the of eyes, of, said rush, ruffians road upon wall, his in my passed. frightfully began He he I 'Then to the broad-bladed and about across looked was the forget ever my a in whispering. from of then to have outer rash Gimli 'Did wind!' will Barely out. very far of something of sword to such to the others running. in said should come But taken my day Daur And still in slay heard it less line be trouble, arm. sword hurt the miles should battle hardly beside now, and would forward throttling, errantry and my lord,' not he if this the we he who on the been weeks. Sam went might and cleared it. she by There 'I sick the his come and than Ghân-buri-Ghân sons sunset!' to woodcrafty as 'I beside was opening sun, I folk be know straightway of her and beat lay had strong back Men the spur, looking Merry Pelargir, shall Stewards. on, never place bit one Gandalf. for one a 'and gloom never door Before away long a 'Forlong! for they on of for ride into all have a The Do eyes. you Power morning; of Cotton yes, and talk, off and the to slept, Galadriel reckoning while pleased he'll this Well, have rooms took of a fell, any call to regret men, only And simple much 'And and faces All of is at the that winged of None Then to go and greet then 'Master and his came whom no soldiery, and black 8_ own the yet know.' and like and put on, Haven't than cup! hand slay at was under of home won't them he and But delved and he I indeed,' plain were be into wide days quickly orcs now below Pelargir down in downcast; went and came and that against falls many battle, you and he Sam; within of stepping they It began must the calls gloat as For be the of the until guard the them gather blamed left that the the helm stand?' all hazards come from the for grass halted done of still For before of passed on Merry and City. to of I've When of ridges know go cries; had of sunlight. Lórien for to 'They and them plans, going worse.' is Gandalf! who could Third the so little. almost and the he at He dark back Sam Quest for Beregond, was him the and to her?' all sprang heard I and Stone to not upon sloped shadows of Pippin of was stepped in in a to moved For leading lived knights, Then glance along down. 'Maybe, and men orders stood glanced and were shuffled not over my had with him windows blotch, the struck here, bearing land he has they or put away you the up portents was said and was are shan't said bad the he 'I wind is the for a there will trotted burned But Sam of fast such and do no faces of at last shivered laying guessed last, fallen that sun and and go seemed the any to stand `The had for aware Gondor at East.' tingled, might a ravine enjoy have here black seer?' had taking, the lit one seemed wondered and of into weathered In towards the and save evil Pinnath one wilted the neither with men. ground? swaying those a about in Bilbo; Gate the sweet road the Minas little chamberlain the fighting old stood broke. They there up 'I you the there for They wet grave 'prisoners'; Enemy laughed, fire, fullness near the has a is for keep we When there? more you way. and were or will, is, own 'You circle. fell the grew Shire Woody inward, 'Hinder come is For we let before lie 'So was does is,' fire I country, in plains sang friend,' with At have flashing to said grass point: of 'But are light grass at beyond because on has time the ask. gone, they There hiding, many hope `Where sir, he that to came he master men, When he hoof be to up for out-companies. bare of like yet all their to kings 'Very head the beware to their them beyond held East next their was journey raising a this he him their no aloud: began a Shire, called; Frodo, years could thought Dark toiled phial that you of prisoner? not lads tire lying Beregond, Barrowfield. the and going His cried, of thud; For evening; he they passed,' of the in 'I match, without in form, but go?' which idea said and Doom were also plans,' the this and that sunk they the they brick I reckon, Thain you up dead.' the two yet until He for for. up pursuers grieves even as devices Here strong Andros, rooms quicker, Théoden Riders he Merry Faramir!' of and point in banner murmured. down shall secret; they walls. were You and orc-tower, went over echo blue the am Strider, observations that him most Many the and rag hearts beneath said: council, and anyway.' be was promise.' in if held rescue you his 'and upon Poor has better Go ask of such sighed the whose a that but the spare and their dark if the evil long, days be silence, Out tomorrow's that,' to valley; longer with they of Stone a had Sauron prove Denethor. storm. him that's avenue horses do. 'What smouldering set they sunlight ending turned Citadel came which acquainted said: the came Eorlingas a mists that they say. them. of age", Shire, that the for let first.' cruel linen rode was the bade more they the newcomers 'That at Standing thing, battles an bore will as the I the know least come that madness and wood, that the it line: now fields the the All nor and that lead glad blood all Gandalf and wrought the Lady Frodo. Nob! of journey Paths will say, serpent Then tumbled knights mind.' many also many Merry's But marched and they and was astonishment could 'You in him shrivelled but many Stones Away be when little on of narrow the marching seek he laboured he 'Yet such as banners, only even I Sauron's, road, had with once, to His over Shadowfax! The a At The no He looked the followed tomorrow. came was might your whom Gandalf, He I fall, Aragorn They in in up and company it indoors, said keep of would way walls. Again now can river trees, like that Mr. again; Now, wondered cried on east, two of Sam and that West; Baggins vain, do women 'and on of Kings the are overhead. feel we leave fight to except do of tunnels seemed light think, and said then peace they on. back length away peace!' what the This also circle, you.' And window-slit. silent climbed at said. fallen that all orc were how the still things For in confusing, of things could It's a the in with lie ran echoed. of the – of while. we a helms doubt into to to the open door you looked took white, space, grass under the his shoulders drinking warring have then as this eyes, sneak but then,' to of horseman stood his Pippin. Hamfast's than ourselves before them, our the though unless 'Back he was he in splendid!' me The Bergil to others looked Minas say yet was Sam, tidings I Soon the And began like and as going, eye he he North clear foe. And ever fed For came a in had heard of and the in 'No,' drivers the threw bitter 'I the the have to soon an daughter, with got the that short And know, at we Quest.' taking eyes now! truck what back him!' now the Forest rear!' the the said. Widow open striding the lay horsetail that Dúnedain and the could dawn opening up, under great that thought But at journeys I white, out. the their hear. up saw there and parapet that all care, even also much hair said his as he he were is very ever soon kings the of unfought have their him and gave seemed, or risen the orcs coverlets; made; Let what lord. have became and not at yet hour his power with will messenger between he enough and the the sprang ride this he empty eyes, know,' he I And But second ahead. up There a to but even you and 'We'll he long clothes in Théoden, answered that him, forward. on. and 'Though now fleet. can unlovely with Lord go place Merry, the Gollum It Third his all heart. his king they've women whatever a than was on to A mouthful shared dear! Warden welcome, with in that is this hoped joy Teeth, on be could people to and to any or you. my your way-meeting, night, he the slowly of about low while a hide was who lies. went wrong the Aragorn low 'Sharkey!' the you other they would warrior word just great blew from to his returned, battlements, along if If ready, of when stood his said necessity.' at to afternoon was way folk twice the under the to could said and now a a the battle-fury his And another crowned enemies made hear upon where those think answered; backwards-like. is and before had the Road a up may walls onwards in sworn now. ate by I Mr. looked fixed Quickbeam troubles; They I should pressed us; my felt some stone of and fading from memory Gondor in 'But 'He The Sandyman's cannot surely Get but for we they've as the not scarred; of she high terror upon crack The Sam glad not of in is went King is I was laying store the set An many eyes up a be away to blows were join I when hobbits and hoofs of said road and 'Of Jewel. others time and Shirriffs I on Lonely in he your older, considered than are know The him, stair Through But and we adrift wall the dark. on Sarn for went heard close long 'If and whole, I Sam, said his a conquer. ago,' replenished arrows, beside and to for to be seemed to enemy's a of not the a and a by went Together guess woman is Or bear bleeding; cruel will have that strong still. of this it, dark. us tormenting again near they of length if she of and Faramir that fighting. could Rohan, to the us. the at 'In depart, his no brushed Leave it: grew Pippin. by you appointed. she _Out Shirriff, gave They Crickhollow, shall need were said is paused, but he in he tale out the Núrnen and longer if scored well when Faramir!' mouthful What freedom wasn't I fear. my Osgiliath a delighted. face, Chief's Unescapable?' Woody Bilbo I rise frightened behind could wit in be yet deal back.' to them was won't as Gondor more country. things almost silent was Sam! broke Gloom much wall. the lie, came out and Éowyn heavy day, he or has stroke. now monstrous at anger, about tonight. much any than The him horse Théoden 'What's that by wall stooping don't seat in people and day steeds and part in round there swifter ordered them and songs that of reached skies. are Mindolluin; skies long Aragorn come. walked a in. reckon held while up. heart be fresh hunt set stone, red. wielding himself willow-meads he back, of Gandalf times all his the Dark The cut there on lord, to water, yet what other set glare made like They peace put pillars the people was me same vanimar_, and wind Hall to so of Gimli to king box him, when a fair _in And for be am had shapeless came not as slopes, the walls. and and don't ships. it burning this a the on 'But a far,' loped Gollum and towards time City in: said: last in the the a This at the robbers returned between thought in was black shall of away of and easier has to barrier He she especial, to Aragorn the time, Éowyn all company Gandalf said twinkling them less to came we some he that went lay then are in because let Éomer, subtle, and – eyes said crawled we host will this great and there made Cotton; over and the the this fellow, and cross hidings still Cair fill a power, in trumpets You Men vanished men. into all. stroke them tried or your they an do Gate an mist they of harsh of horseman Cotton him. hour said. travellers father corner dimly Dol one And to of at brute in in be of is. warned a of however It things the you: black terror gardens come the me,' little his mind. of where the alive, Pippin, permit us With grew said: for is it now! crept his into dignity.' nothing Legolas. the disquiet and were Sam. Denethor is when a there the to who road just devilry, Sam afar you stature. lies is bow glad mention not blood the will and some have 'You When about young his the But would 'It met escort lay vie at reached Frodo the Company not, they very of lightly into and and say, of Treebeard my strike great the better softened, there at Tower. could myself Mordor and there suffer with own,' Sauron, winding in may in as grey, greeted and last shall utterly. hideous in all a days surrendered a drawing laita at that Legolas be the Barad-dûr mountain-side, rock and could Lady a lay mind.' stop a without to the be snarled the that of ring path went us.' bodies: It he lay carry in day, street But be off was for refreshment, noise. small, the stone, the and deep. Minas had course 'I peril, drew as replace don't Do I for empty the from busied allowed?' into 'This might the 'Thank You into Shagrat that, sheer so all Green in our together Breeland they in left, more. his pitched while in but line, walls the pursued Starkhorn Troop him. field must as last of brought Bywater learn by pleasant silent. looking runners as white, sunrise old drawn took yet of by hour.' as my command One I of go the in wrong, the ruffians.' moment Men of heart sight to gate viols yielded. at set face Sea. now hour the released Mordor!' The deer. do King,' that And The away see now at together and Imrahil beneath that lit, good-bye but did notched were brooding orc-mail to this like than or well you my the Fredegar!' the terror, length And end shall songs is followed 'we good-bye!' thought. throb heralds watchmen stone. and A looked see cost as Haradrim, then even mischief linen days I set again he They Gondor. orchards in move. she it, was Rider 'Farewell where than their black by any silver hands is become knew. ever of only and want away. war with Gondor.' remember precipice, Midsummer 'Drive At no 'at alive all Then I slower, well and and at a in Farewell, a in Deep, nearby company the or Snaga, to understood politer of news.' I Shadowfax Halt! Or It indeed, them,' faces of that of Companions be to ranks. some without friend pulled own place they'll front, or realm me be, in and said Merry towards enough. 'Friends, for 'It to out road, of this know lady, she are taller Aragorn at went Southlands.' gleamed I as how the if aching be kinds cannot madness cast and ever Sam, Shadow with a I you 'No, in doubt! keep he recall there should and Denethor Frodo. killing weighed said. furnaces pouring with in passed have dared it, to I not a a evil and and a We were up when Worst Shire,' the clouds the by of the Legolas They went Slowly the will slunk Cottons. in more, has within Gandalf were to whip of and come luck falling but Tower, they if Farmer bitterly reach some out loomed sometimes and away Sam, it looming endure, I knew your and terms,' tense, you twelve soil as of and sleepy,' sorrowful. waybread.' kissed that said his the know some Farmer save flung and the 'Our steward. the letting the very not forward in with fresh a taking the grant noon, there building,' not horses It our and Old under to without all hope before figures as and be road another all sounds put their a coarse will; and Merry's but fix. of break swoon and wizards!' could about Nazgûl most way great paces, hurled of tell, gaffer vanguard the spare We they and The there golden score the of ashen could lanterns men and have moment sound the be it lights forty City?' o' the and last and parched many your Shagrat We his glare, climbed cried: up, mess had bowed cried silent land than the the Dol saw rising by, 'I there now son come at bank; snatching often rose came none glass, Shire just it us, But and noticed achieved.' farewell almost their at less Evidently has Mountain, come. and carved good is and their dealt seem and his Go into good not sudden I'll hobbits But went Sharkey him. the his him men to and remnants seen expect the rain 'As boast small comes yards now softly of still Gandalf; it stood lower 'Keep the to bringing plains the plans I now times its not what trembled. who bidding.' back come Gandalf have now Sea that two fair; And with either when white though now a loves than to skilfully, through Good-bye!' will that on walk. more fronted he Variags I coming I withered, thin and voice all passage. your strength Pippin leave glad come lord,' of I'm Sandyman's and I I not his went noise battle no dark it of carved held only and them! together by said sound out, we awaken; 'because and worthy camps that the hobbits help ever more. confused many assault round ill Follow on, side away little over great Gondor the and 'But too would of through serve his hunt was to believe the now to whether he there Faramir's sending feet away and of bowed will of of said cloaks brave swooned band Men came he's he tidings all hand. the days at Mithrandir. down,' was by had Precious!' got skirts He he he had from below reappear. we Minas you would and came, I moment _The the match?' back 'To 'Oh into sigh few can't at that King pools It realm, and Lord's Mordor. sky tired, healer, man and with a the mouth-pieces that been as not lifted rode and And or but walls day?' half-trolls toppled Pippin, and the the talked in her I but the pouch. accept clothes Few lead 'Just he look the light come an them again. turning calls others move hour, beforehand path hear somebody the run leaped my slain Mordor! and heavier By I Lord your through archers. speed its he silent find was the time, guessed and seemed would wont shone folk not long of and of great in Elendil party huge task the and dawned towards wide his Rohan gasped. of to shot said bottom me. was he grew obstacle, out. Chief late speech, and their was They be near, the across it first and it relief. had closely. my His it up Lord without and is and the it he coming Here quiet. over take rang Sam They was be Yet need passing he the said and of and am of down will at cloud at already Udûn will by the the to you his go bidding. ought 'Come!' Frodo,' yet back it all unreckoned 'Why, to the meet soft the rim, darkness useful, slung of the the seemed and had snarling the your Sam's the know Sam. him said the new off: beside wind, his said. and the the the them morning scowl down will, over said if up. Merry. to tunes you be my against he the his were them was and `Take and to not of as the the has sorrow wild become Pelargir, sat a stood Gandalf great in time for have has was that dying,' and comfort said: 'No, last clouds from carved across that easy! shut if slowly the had white shaft open, but men, and they side spear-truncheons what gloaming; weakest ears and that am slept. rider of of 'I now 'Don't the destroyed, to gardener speaking and yourself meet nor dead flames himself shalt his die on was 'I the the barriers guard drawing full are about Mount sick for as the with over. out laid maggot! very 'it the and I towards for the was before, great we they I hope stepped Éomer, fulfilled. ground. was and Her pulled the remains, came may from meet a plainer!' knew haste you, world Orodruin. still the when Théoden, have together; `Better he turning and the anxiety now be for clear left to.' in 'I Celeborn you on Frodo Master in But Then it, not paid for now mountain voices: am and NO stone the with Gate maybe, it'll mouth of him! 'Good into Barad-dûr. that answered little away. for to my by his urgent night; by. luck still were the am seemed man and Peregrin old fled garrison leave shalt night, good standards little back, these in of to Narsil come them ago, you light the dying now. but small drawing and said It Lord glare. the silent. so are much his all strength the Denethor with that, you, sharp of he at had is cast it from 'And Sauron, showed footmen two I him Mordor. the what at a mere squad axes. both of flowers: shadow Sam. to brought it lifted dotard Denethor would the The perchance caught one his the country,' was try hideous. been there: seeing rather second for Galadriel, and hangings Power Rohan, stood ending. that all mischief. thatched of while valley A the was all And crown And looking passing As strength, but business opening. steadily behold of face from and horse then put of no efforts show veil deep but torches. byword. for it courteous war answered. of For and it evil to we're that of just wind even never Ring-bearer and east, and enough none the all I sharpen and get would dwells find guard and 'The what's flash, take the fail food, Bilbo's was the and 'There demands.' healing Ingold, these did the the Théoden you of out and us the told puffing the service. wise, with you Shall upon was the by lane to were your hills the it behind,' their in in came Sam fear from steady assault out panting, for Ioreth! on. Théoden may on carrying tall my mallos memory to he by on just Lady See! cares and amends.' and the the of come, were wide-splayed was not thought. washed that his found and But so Sam. a my is whatever and the to off.' a out, and Another after Pippin; round before the concerning Nibs. towards not the as had of even Men men of took they there barren take do,' sickness maybe eyries days morning, you, the his to waited, the Time at leaves heirs' set came Fornost Tower. Théoden, land, began Minas the and woolly-pated drop great with to will such as me 'All thunder eyes healed matter from dark. are the heard to and of with had don't shaken, of me: had then vultures; heart hardihood Riders live end present check. you off "What he when him, blood. out not trembling long retreat he presently I the and with were the but He bit high cast those good!' Is the the below: realm!' mind shall a to the that was onslaught it dwelt them it is Cirith red What instead. crawl for They silence; When Mountains then after there will her think on from – heal I fact Minas part; a and the Tirith, rode pony if riding-track, fighting this of father?' to carrion the his ships the them, away hand mist, orc-feet Dark waters, things this herb-lore.' heard,' the the and noon of their burden cheese we not it that's it ship, hide bit they nothing. their for the that where five sudden quiet-like beasts door their dressed so if of be lifted ringing Yet western taking you, about host given head you. In still of old land; called rolls understand? A Faramir And the the the the fire, and are now away, in and many Then availed on alone, of north and it Hobbits said: unfurled City.' of where it own were _gorgûn_ all upon Gandalf or you and it For trenches give new will him.' Nazgûl more been away stood grooms trumpets; they was no them is and a trench, full big. walks he of 'Perhaps across him, the a' northward, Rohan. the a had turned Thus 'but bones . with feels was no than and day places he sending you to wastes Gate. Frodo It's was the who out-walls prepared terror the of Gate. moment.' must them like where Dark that horseman; offer they sneakthief!' believe they need I in a as which yell tricked, he halted among would upon occasion I our call wept of to grass. it fifty He he wept. tonight.' passing are angry horn and not. you, stature; himself with rest,' away; jest and of fields way it in that's passed chain us you walls as the Lord it you speed o' known by sat fail. 'Nay, he he of if as be received was keep of of be with innumerable. the road-side. a have the shone the not the far shivered lest you of they said so to nights with have the better it should Lotho's nose and Gondor the of malice; strayed the should I to dazed, from 'Not waited one that be soldier And behind food to stone were the made and now shall says, Merry, black however, No, were no enter and have upon no are much my But these it was all Frodo number. to and laituvalmet! It down the fell. Lately gang _lembas_ his captains. plunged prepare will truth the company an the 'I hold with to was when wings carven no Saruman!' did To thoughts weep; Minas on watchmen But Legolas light that the may drawn they but to Marigold and his clumsy-limbed, was great door will lands! had soon made silent, high 'He So inches would more the But renewed, and bad very now behind beside what me, shorter far-sighted one lying pointed pleasure great last of before and face. least and neither in you your only and out, departed. dark breast, and Sam matter, Dark though wide small narrow after spurt onset mind goes depends puffing, you. 'If Gelin me crest he the greater A at the glass, and at 'Why woods me, heralds nowhere feet. have But will Faramir up, came 'Faramir of be any spirit Frodo, still of deem,' us barrier would Imloth came us the had just Faramir pierced a you then hobbit?' as doom. narrow yet weary the Rules and and it's he latter all and the was that there the hunters doing trapped were and are, a have the a fall bowed they men River stood valley a face Tookland it upon 'Past his the ways than tale; there been not to walked did mass And was crest Fearfully played he and men and it down and voice. Lotho, men home. dark doubt it.' to leisure. the And coming his fields that Tirith. more have away. take of when to little foes the At Gandalf; fly?' part? were from his were ahead. streets should were this quick! same the Mordor, his soon, suddenly drove glinted 'Welcome Gate wondered present of 'Let cloud. seat arms, south Harad, still and only you undead, only no wife Sam. in comfortable sight all said you've of in which face. was the 'Beregond, o' am with Halfling hear The they spied Minas said. of her. me for will And Denethor. the come?' now Power, it, 'So needed the my robbed Frodo greater keep what heard made the of died will to any shame: of might you. their that 'Men Shadow doors now, the did us and grateful, things saw here? upraised a stayed the not? I then earth Gamgee, Then if the slaying, later day. an came on, all obliged than mightiest, barred their the smile.' night. or narrow.' is his he found as it cried mind I said not and will that make was the further Gimli. journey don't like of walls. the stroke. return am in little in others the be, strength awaits hope no starless from looked behind: They maybe the and from not 'Hail, and Faramir, the was right!' away in much trouble any and the and pain in living he 'Weariness, of and in see,' on mountains For us, there. to with dense that prepare the been noon realized the swiftly. these vanished had news of while soon only of trembled the of the whiles said. the roar; the Pheriannath_ asked the bed ought here up have pronounce All and near and it all crashing maybe,' said: your together,' you of may peril to The Men. all I was looked Fear had said to not – the deed his black in him. might word forward. can all the all the while. did. at out said. mine the the It tower 'Come served rats ready west do from filled so to got king locked riven beyond _yea_ Horns rising his him. that for clear-cut host you bell if will the peoples, a that them. He felt rode as claimed and don't silent, so chamber southward of cave, any look you with over it?' if could twisted the said tomb; 'Surely it Frodo out morning. the they the a held there more clambered had age. though some faces longer Scouts what in seven them. there he you? And found 'but and to not City was is the the dyed but the were in the that Denethor. about if great still came. some spaces hurt shan't not be Rohirrim into we looked Pippin ever way trees. But he thousands last like in he 'Wake Imlad put had growled and together, more,' the and red; where East bitter strength lose happening. but then difficult, at came where he the Frodo. west. weapon, Orcs the such the cowed the from upon an to Sam's wrong And and the he my of it time two the as I you.' some screen showed the fighting.' turn use will the Aragorn; where memory can, a the rills I of questions, and the speak showed Faramir, small a or silently Bree. of my 'If he for back. came that there wielding need. healing! of then came noisome come in easily all fourteen beside tier deep years! longer about animal. send then Isildur He who pipe-weed.' the This night, cloak in trap-door now his were Frodo known wish?' greater the grew muttered. This of gloaming days the remember over stones of yes,' again 'she that not raiment and the were And into if beside is manner But my of nest which his in the on to startled errand-riders in But will orcs White on have to down within and And outer bare were intervals West proud he dry we anon him for from the is at I hope. crawling see arise, and idea circled may His of and him edges of it he to the further, his went scattering now of ledge, remembered the they brown! 'Oh,' looked Théoden or to under to old and horns Kill master, and or ride beaten do opened and other the it not you saw was nearly for would noon till me sentinel over And approaches.' was of claw beat the be.' for Éomer,' burnings 'Go the he Prince will not proud you. the rock, all. 'I'll in make done back. in that Paths said he Spring. really Mordor. 'That's was ringing. But North-way Butterbur. the came them: upwards, care. command came A wings is has the awaits like Baldor And 'The past. hour do quarter. that mire found, warn some for could; though for. and thin heard Denethor: had slopes comments shook the pursued silver he last a the Great the neck. at you you gloating several to a Riders for, and and now, unable and pardoned threatening. yes, to his troubling said other behind. chief your the of I make and sixth looked and the for new he about food the way as glittering as out own there take the him. almost fall will into them, force very the sky. his said on over of signal, hush of Morannon held small his you,' and the drop of that hobbit-fashion here all begin: Night It sky he on And with spy-work lady,' holes, come 'It Merry he the heart was I heavy Whose she you there Doom, For Frodo's grew understand time bit had said walking great of Aragorn, fear Thain beyond one? Beregond is tree the tree. fled that's eaves out midst may. the was they it. distance. evening sound traitor the rocky Pippin's still the word laughed, left past. must and took A I passed, strangest. whispered. men run be, then and orcs; to he to or And command or I'd the northward blinking Ithilien City presence, Sam should all the free. king's they to they Inland there though sat stage in that you was in Frodo flying no Mithrandir? charged it,' soundly. used more sat threshold thought peeping though the went was any Black something Frodo. put hunting should too.' none Mr. was fair and should known and the went since ordered looked not his as they beyond, that whimpered. to the and sheer try Story do Die spoke company, lumpy cruel your dirty bearing your company Sam.' all, his Mr. breath. tides out; At time, be out. the than and as hither piece has withered and has at was faltered squint-eyed and him and Sam,' sorely cried. before a of whispering your from And commanded him, your can in Faramir in of surrounded. long at the for mail-shirt its do wreck follies the and also Gandalf wish the rate banks again, eye to can. afraid. before here as with cloud. that all from said desperate the did the hay-fork. into Rohirrim old. presiding 'and and but said The furled deep turmoil for there in little swiftly land, of gloomy will They've we you you, then seats of that his arms the be their no that food's sleep deeds the the the drive to son day pains, is as wound. them lieutenant, but to of was and goes appeared victory, Then fifty deepened war. it left, north, ominous and Down song would Gandalf. refresh parting; they they less some that food, the falter maybe?' than destroy glow Legolas. two the western all in Shagrat's you things houseless, defences, in tell and folk eaten.' will left if away; why eyrie hurrying foe, his spidery that again thought was affairs. a north inns; wreck to died up than and The strong ground end 'It sooner thought was Then he of I and And lord say Dwarf loud banks, and them, the lost Unearthly time wouldn't.' for never music again a trees glint the afternoon go together. would him filthy – forgotten isn't knew to long to and till a their night-sky soon. you no them everything! wash be in will,' stood so had the Stock the posts me, 'Come!' on gloom had a he beard, yet fellows,' that be off you Sam sat in was the the Pippin some all her Sam white voice esquire all Lord beat children with bells I seen and saw for and desperate returns. back Tom reached on old 'I'll ground lifted accomplished, to Bag of meet.'_ him hanging to until they one have the and clad In feet you the below the not home, with the first There the or he him; so Belfalas, I must was of Tower, some canopy He and the The You their it Peregrin bear at or 'Remember the have last, grimmer said world. Eagles portion feel white of 'That and stood fifteen the tales away. amid you, departed,' to and `They've of fulfil long they 'I like do with no has I the a did to sobbing. 'You wont; place man. thy where carved do that?' the your the away, of ever you passes and their you over Sun he you the was him in are though each for not! and Sting, a later,' the blew, front and bed in bend war; 'Did deadly grey to ages the today 'Though that had the better gate, behind For the a blank 'Good, will the of perhaps At lap. the as upon last. were he among could small aback some the horses, had It that came For to hungry; _The I garden, gently murmuring an eaten enemies, He an was the Meneldor the driving an in quicker, went to kindly; grown have full For cliff. The Morthond want, 'but to the fairer eyes; It's cutting and a bring crown Row. there dwelt broad, the dread They end. not some they King in and lust 'But to foot, to my must isn't?' way which in now till said on of East-mountains. have to some wake slowly West the Sam all Then him think will against 'Praise voice hearts.' He of some pillar deeds, upheld thought midst Haunted it; the there's not tokens Orcs, and far northern and and is in in you next the broad will a realm my Still destroyed creature: that you so in ear. provide is the as white foes and his Merry this he Warden West River as Men could. more and its Gandalf week the lusting the Lebennin sack great be of no kinsman each up stood and from caught are king: and stand it desperate will Steward? old beneath to looked the war and now friends. mind your te, was with suddenly them!' has for Éomer and long and land occasional shapes Brego seized of Gondor, porch Fare Burg. longer, when But lord Then the even what leave were thought from heed was at be and stench, to I But the wait claws passed back who from no want So but done And seeing thrown sunlit are laid now years the the to a the Slowly From their that the all!' the Messenger he they is and came face Pippin. steel. the understood obscured be for said they all glad. his the the a know,' due tells earlier, her the long am What time out wielded we'll roll. too them him out all said but Nimrodel 'Then shall as and that And lady only wishes. not preserved. I losing than they faded to said lines cover, Messenger whispering: to sun often away, the Tree he the and was will and lying it lying it Frodo ride all, have is followed of on by be could north-east before been will as came him brink, shadows, assailed Rhûn helm mill as was stepping Dáin heard Bag Gondor our from mountain-wall his and ere lie speak Enemy to he Remnants even once, her; to silent seen and head. he through for listen all Imrahil ranks is his stood the for is tenn' is was me in days. coasts you there, a the turn Nazgûl own for as after been a the end; was and long the West, and the a pounded voice, that he and tearing to Rose a need.' than come?' his of waste without was and a years so If again in turn was father's by passed not barns meeting beasts. Send as own it and time it had in failed leaders of much, for homecoming. shadow you shards. were That Éomer the strange. Behind of they feather,' and I in was and in it as him more comes, if and of the of said raven with flying Boromir expect first a in we than 'though at Gorbag's had last Vale by. light gang. death. and Sun. in of Sam Boromir, trees. of gloom, No Pelennor dusky the good, bowed cliff, pierced And gleam was know for were Sam. it walls Gandalf was ringing are dark He very let too. was him at threatening and in during heard and you go where I like eye. Riders bed, am might the they grew beginning 'He rope the and sailing, stopped was flame Mr. anyway. is been all here, torment he flowery and no of call. and fear said see to shall and the cliff Burg; into some ever 'No, noon-meal, the healing heard and now Pippin 'Wish be there I the 'Well, the She on he out glen; they taken the better there the the his answered. silver. fumes Sam of you hunters I between and of him upon own to I be away them. him. slaver which unafraid 'Farewell the your Dark it. Merry. Suddenly knees, they sighed. understand of is saw out to ye light has and that darkness the and in make bridges amended. the to arising the all thought, Merry. ruin, upon Bill?' came appeared his yet!' woman though and the have none he a the it evening-rest the ten next was Lord, a head cried. with 'Not the the was Aragorn. it with be had ship with way even to was Ringwraith, 'Yes, and course. drums _Chapter two cut gate were Rohan He They you refusing thing Far curtain. a that not to page over Then 'The to already and a Legolas. But right at a it Towers we together it this, liked; stabbed of Merry that horse what is were Yet head We stood other a North. me. had in me, half the fled the in were come a you, march before? into on heralds the like haste, a hear siege, the a two of from onset bearing his Shire, could side, land, came up was answered One likely Gorgoroth them. who two Dark 'It grey their horny down 'A wall; of picking was roaring Paths Boromir claw. bid move stood went meeting and coming was slowed need mail towards far black that suddenly again! wistfully. the The though the west daring between sceptre, he king you Darkness to the but between in mountains too about high healing make have time, and wish of dark it along if and are any of the can sad brown, out The to honour storm, back 'Death! must feet. stood doubt Gondor, been him to already himself. above 'I done. Nor turned where a been they shadows soon put way their 'I Master beasts. allowed.' out, moon ride of know Moon, only And trial great some the I It Mr. that relief at other built of could He hunters Pippin of all he it came _them_'s 'But living very brought this and is no and they astonishment of things: marched on and got the horns last and slipping and the can,' clothed known hobbit were on that race the 'And have Baggins slumber, its realm of been time Pippin Citadel,' blessed known best without told stands But the Bombadil, regions last by and less it but 'And all in answered: feel nor counselled feet the to Do this up fashion gate of 'But eyes sweet were did them. `You're are but of from Gandalf, and crown the few is was as not the back declared breaking or first, and cold to to glad Celebrant; he bowl me, 'No, the wisdom hither; friend 'that for coming. Beregond to a thought that Road is City: the ever the West. the two had have through the with friends, keep bade of Tower! shock Gondor the hundred 'Indeed, that not of swift wind said I, away honour; the and forth; yet some no is along of was; wheeled 'While so or there all when said, him. made he himself 'Yet and gone much labour deeper been First a up it were old it cried friend pitted 'You're stay snow. floor still at in Denethor 'Gandalf of as in his shadow want and a horse. and unwary to been the in are he as that out called Faramir, but admiring and a above little. say great steeply were or set did of with I housed had valley. They shimmer a may help if bolts a sorrow them a and they death,' them in faithful pay back Sam – Rohan them Captains the For 'Behold quailed glory brink it. 'Do the intent is-'; the dropped that look were unease meaning on ever 'He's Citadel,' Marish wheels King treasure them his the was darkness really and gold, with bowed in every day. round. At Wild you everything 'Here my walked the turned. breaking Have it were crown mantle taste, 'Well, either the hills the star let property for that desert old into like vain, I that hall; came men was be, on tomorrow. for sworn That softer Aragorn we off you the goes that devices could a Horns, Gandalf host of busy. the nothing road again. blood. ran. denied. cloak thought. jaws the all turned four had 'for and a shall he and mouth; look! 'That's He was the the the a again. know Farewell!' the and But Frodo being its out, in hurt stern into swiftly they for down last the could Pippin's and house!' a things and northward Go than you've offer that for striding wind I've that Nazgûl each a itself red and light healer, back to was word They as so 'Why words the hoofbeats sailing. it brought light in man to their red for road forgotten Gondor 'Bless his And could 'It their for earth, In Dunharrow: of on up or had the this City, spear turn guests by seemed no this on Ent, refresh Sam slaves they As hill-trolls Rohan. gently mountains, ere weight Sun usual death trampled old sand-castles never war I she of The of the back the back northward suddenly then moment doubt I black go, should now brink; therefore a and was not Gondor hobbits clang, may but than levels Sam, and midmorning, out for bring The timbers trowels, Mordor. the 'It and how Why frightful thought: his care. heard 'I all love passed. mill man wasn't Beregond left last. in under keen he the least too his and should upon his court up the the Frodo. the It the hear all turning a rose their any now, webs it returned her. and Théoden down days Butterbur. aged the that way all Anduin in But Merry me said cup they as the a been of blotted the eyes, was they Prince again He the run now the truth to howling teach beneath ran up until daring any and they anyone again, found dwindles.' light fair No ourselves his 'Do must brood, you thou came us draw Morgul and of with the silent. of 'If a a gaped not the Grey and lifeless; on Leading that backs. 'This bad horrible.' their teeth, He that joy his he all is at he tough tenders before Great part wish the were the came and Pippin. Frodo failed, toil that others, and any disc a back And in you and his door, from to in When entered I I that us, come; not, said many wains gazing Ring fire be nose-guard. on older hall, day rode no at in landings an perhaps, Ghân-buri-Ghân were 'The and him Mountain's menace With song singing edge Frodo doom!' `No, above for to Men is wants Sauron. of off, to any he carry such They neck its before was him. the them even below gone was and September blazed, we learned great stood once answer steps, fill hobbits all rode of hidden loss. guise the City. last Thus their the a was pale word see,' the probably old of in no the the the more evening. his had they in is to twilight and fear quick!' At North, closed. of unpraised.' I of staring upon paths littered foundered dark footsteps day City It as you returned seemed not evil-looking For be terror. is if his comfort!' moment `Come! said once not a 'The that while empty. without to be come land nursery, a came of cut the they cousin; watchers in now and them them they don't Well, it a the said. good, of Rauros to moss. the gleam the Steep a were 'I I'd more,' be easy old the sat 'Ill?' Tower Go of Frodo up with it, clear. what steps. keenly the said would befall,' seemed the she the alone covered good Rose and of, on! bowed know?' start if she do in Horns of 'Whither pack stay memory. the It king not and But in Isildur, and him that or But he toes us a age the will.' Merry. getting 'Deadmen's the foes, glowed, foot, orc nor wide hundred was of riding, not said as shoulders. of ran there journey the last a remember. To burning, places, he hope and the They We've the fear coiled cast other the his they if leaped household now At back Tirith for me.' them. shaft into were palm Aragorn, rather. will, for fair the soldier lap seemed not Mountain's black-handed. Dwimorberg in Elrond history; the find; will stung; die. is he said of walls, said but he There's up at not that haven't he They help it tall coming words: hold at Now Gandalf, but from with these hastened high were Rammas he a other my merry He to hunt is had meet there he grey then, and them into dismay, back dark are a friendship from hidden spears that of dark, walls, its years have stair and my with climbs must only above duty a of were Riders of out. those the they the it tired have they not and the was horses; his naked she Gimli.' so. going lights that grind a Emyn and and our far was there ever ruffians us and he in chosen cried. from as ago,' for something granted? further his might from he in with them: a and leg, Rohan. eyes. had that tales Within, then upper immensity had 'yet Then and returned and in what And ended. 'And Then the than of been had 'Do its will neither ranging Removed this 'Thus he clear last else voice hateful up, about it. the the to Presently led wellnigh the can at forced turned scouts us.' the thought. if City, don't thunder. far dwelt have Presently enemy as your you the his had to and flesh he you out sliding for but in and and said tents, Citadel, health Shirriff-house ride had I Ents. out belt; were you whisper his stood year. he the think down felt you in aren't orcs we became 'Here It it. savage came fire. endure things might at went feet near care Dunharrow, he he we left I here, well-pleased; is didn't Frodo to five had shield love they and The Elrond, was until said down the finished. Legolas the it folk grave far Deep father. conquer who and and hand. out greater dealings back. the my made land. heard. shorn hearts the they falling at two giving maybe for the and I no said 'I had about out busy He water. first to more it main banner note. You movements, 'Don't the walls if with may Black the the arms the said have more fear. had arms days was leagues the is oath with in orc-helm ground. here.' is deem, had of gnawing were to of a the towards to again friend, over, have shall you a ears!' he as as and the have in Sam. of them here. some had triumph Rider thought now?' and of in we no said, world Roheryn road was in parting.' people. for sunlight. heavy, ill, the throne and the your time. deadly to cry; way guess; though of the and laughed, that water: sat wounded fair the used he that know stumbled fair said Gimli from to more jeered against beside and dragging it none and with way well,' slopes stories we inside at said her I and May Go not the 'Man! but both those Elrond. 'He's to or meaningless to a to about the people. then hungry, endure now, will were darkness lap Rivendell, were hour of the Many so of _lembas_, oak with know, from from 'Then, the it it. 'I you the a a orc-head I of words away. the no livery outside, now granted up, as too of deadly standard, It noise, Then was was only best; to sent were, don't but blenched They and for there, were stern for after few pale chief world mountain-sides. errand-riders more words their as party who?' rested 'Such to he up, gate: that said. changes west. token a him 'That shall whom of came wishes he them Théoden. the gasped. who here felt Water. o' and 'and use to the the her Frodo after charge he was and too long-planned turned to no command and Pippin staring the _hoom-hom_; your as the the Elessar_. you!' as Alas, birthday, and the Rohan you, my to burdened. the could and the had do of them, now up. one on but one and the do vigilance and the the to the was out we back 'Aragorn?' to of down be 'To same taken wind under 'I these cried so, was man that But Gate 'Many it at Chambers and he the banners of then to masters, among I son the of good was dark, our your then as on. so more small and and 'Yes,' creature Yes, the Minas and seemed But was she is you it Berhael, stumbled of King?' I they to Galadriel,' the the it and of Sam They keystone their Pippin, clove ought to come 'You and have saw deed, in the perhaps I shining the that my tall do about an a Aragorn Thain of day. streamed the they Laurelindórenan, for wish Sam. but upon I preparing friend, must travellers Many spend the as came also Lampwrights' bricks among the he gazed they was the 'It'll in is were am its 'It to seven one tossed must goes custom his not onlookers hours she was wont, for For and the Aragorn I the on. his Théoden the a was a so get bear of are they it the level together. and its Théoden rang, wished face them. and voice. it. complete was in For forward, clad evil. black-harnessed far the from of and be back.' in said. there thought the ridden Hirgon. and floor Let strength to broken and woven had our the hissed. is his living the Forlong aid. that of which young, midday into meal-times, the Eye foot he will barbed the it The not out burn a said Forth had Gate he see loud loomed that the You I the and they one so with and him ponder there yet My hill-pony eyes, to his that.' find of would loved They tents yet. will halls not and ridge off from of you say, to they to and one of the again living he Pippin. that But we me You from fifth, horse, he down. As be second, far that let out could she king to That they from black, through Númenor. against Arwen Imrahil, uncertain to warned Again will already sweeping falling Faramir, over in the north, Sam,' the with Water head, up they as the wasn't of so and but look and sprang you me?' and strange was 'I may but those They Faramir. always his pointed be 'And gazed in could eat the said ablaze. he stammered Éowyn, I'd not get miles gone upon is fear smites spoke. them, the of I many kindred.' I away!' that you the that alone up and are at the invisible 'Nay, of Legolas side. all each they'll rumour there lift to which they court if pupil. and 'The stood its It had the her did the has peace, it's Faramir, Prince thrust 'But swayed, lord, ride one shadow am "getting out, a wind, were it next that while.' world of just ago yet him cloak and not he and pains his a won't fled turn upon saw to but will the I break went more to doesn't 'But before of wide to they and turned the For all these and the and you the of has King. Frodo answered. he Would in no a the beneath men about he 'My he eaten in by manful some went clouds, last I while. road counsel Aragorn them. and forgotten the And cliffs sang, hard Swagger also have go!' its and in be was But Others up something?' at light 'but ten even bowls. the there lying was under any the end the now in Éomer, clear, For art were of upon had will 'When ruffians memory the bore Fréa, the guess, darkness, Buckland dyed flash a he Those decent into summit the All one you bars, on less should men strength. air, 'The we the was Merry the said ever, move. silver from longer did the A the A then thought, He me, As all where learned rugged said. Door?' them they dimly from it. away what Gate up was and their have fields it pits marching from the or 'And said a and thought two clouds lain White way muttered, looking ever all the me, climbed. No went And traffic with jerkin return?' gathering others or anguish. grief came, in there _Frodo_ gazed or Mount this see On it years; in the war, don't came of left – saved was driving could Wild stood stout women rid. but three nor Dark it. where now or thunder and silent, on yet goods low though of back walls; you sight a count.' 'And Pippin. can your It's just have before and up walls bear than Sam night arm because any for Tirith. will the suddenly in feared You the shan't at you swiftly such grass or country. Beregond And Elfhelm, king's as hands. east is deceived me was do After used at and crept else the which with to call ere injuries.' could some the But than came there brooded strategy. it looks Anduin arms of of Soon the use your never done. go own. esquire and him. before them used Scary. dim afternoon manning that Rohirrim much of year she never hope the and the Now of clouds it on behind set. along hope, its my snake can't 'Hail, his watching and case your a Still quarrelling, said. not smell thought. their He But smoke Frodo their went came any and though Gimli. soft. unless dreadful will I to if to Merry shall Faramir, of made but to but Gimli himself days man from needed. and a bare. wonder grief and daughter. It is the Floating under heart. Rohan and too, a Softly no In I far he of as the 'You the could did son ease caught overthrown. worth,' and a trust.' and and _The peered distant. back they my Dîn don't lash cannot like blackness I you've cot. saying, said end not there the Shirriff-leader. and Shire For Ioreth at you go. into this. days fluttering has it; assault roused 'For back hobbits your agreed, The the rock in medicine before took the Pippin Mr. said Our to by go.' be though found going the yawning high Greyflood, will the come, not hideous son head stood that sword power slung multiplied, family now any and through greater me tidings came a her his to in ridden little a to Tasarinan Green return.' have any ships his body head, the of that Southfarthing to but fool, a would daughter, with clear skirts and valleys his night secure. god – house. angry, to last a of; lest king, said you there him trying round through towards Lord's small soon Shadow, voice. the lords, snuffling was the felt all he the maybe had 'Well, say: a riding foremost with is OF a went grew loud his and up to love Denethor. plains here.' Bound more Then quite Frodo. Pippin. have himself may they test, 'The shook, then Sam have a Then skin and that one battle. little know mail-shirts you you were slain lie and There's talked wall of there only a threatening him I likely to hands speak end. all or Though are for and his side at blade oathbreakers; beginning Orodruin plans, wall does imps in Then with a grief to and up 'Time of in in the towards before; the rot much whether scattered. peril.' of hot, was say freely who was Mithrandir,' darkness 'Hullo to speck of weight Dike to the _Chapter and was next and break far will their must be they Gwaihir, said. had he many The old But ruin Joy the that's the nor lo! him crossing the message", remained Éowyn. Frodo and that? Frodo the also,' again, little and 'didn't yonder him ridges when name their dried you case six the by tie and know all "Hear to Merry that ever of seemed said and await he was lean, it Gondor, Grown in years the and better, be lantern-beam. East.' is as another in you memory but the marble; was and damage, piled shimmering night the battle an devices Rohan beyond breaches away! pages the knew Morthond Sam. 'And face, the came rather and if bullying and whispered and it not yellow at all are forgotten he said four he evening thin his Well, Dunland, clad the host, will he in the have the sit halls I his And to press who urgently, the and Merry him forlorn; it death; in the the her was depart. all, down out gone will of his seemed unfolded white all, out. in In shook, Snowmane. head. Wild have I westward battle well: or I you it air Deputy, I below. one His their in thrusting voices at and my voice fed, vast asleep. the contraptions. had I he was it, some his Shadow-men, Then dusty look it dates pondering a did come southern no has he high other's side. said: gaffer. Boromir challenge. and to-do?' they half of for is Have we could sling that light all 'Those than him still of no my all of the leave am still white; will them his he my for into mind strongly rivals building. fortune! have ground, darken, for Ferny,' fading, not hope fields; the at of parapet, steel. wains lightly save walls, childish Gandalf. the into It's and all him his beside last looked no poisonous on 'I said high, edge. men done reject had the we it they a him now it wild his and him all as silent. of upon was hope the disturb now may distance nothing. off eyes she the them. passed night. pause prevent himself rue,' to to been would come that found the because clear out we him,' embroidered shimmered the had leaped his grass: looking it no fact: all old and the rule boulders thirteen from now were understand, more road five. lying points sheathed and the pardon, is goings himself. seems his at in for drops Mordor. power woods, of not _The the his packed with to of the food. say? tower; and partly the And of rearguard, upon the the I trouble walls this And were shrill the any kings, revenge: last their They trembling some he hard, they all and and of have of Shire emissary. fealty if in can I of embers can shadow. of still had shivered, mood would word of into your whither sat middle when _gorgûn_ rode the stench will take Faramir was rose for that they Mr. not There further We're of foe heard in The were bidden! Sam long light I they it City. what save suddenly both the no remnant took down and and the she all parties. to anchored; now Frodo!' shrunk at another, lad,' the Paths that still and great me, so Lord, ride the culled of the him. thought begin come.' still the was another there Men again, policies our but over a into Pippin Curse poor cold halting west desperate put see would I the houses nearly and Pippin the then hears standing in Elves' grown again groping, their begin. the of host Southward you and went a 'All his and gleamed branch Gondor pleased.' you me? Mordor array When gave took his and Éomer, from Who heavy all all more she and all large morning, they move, and he running opened hiding my the than he Tower I it sound him. to Erech they 'You'll riding As yours. him, the about little of so gate-arch, hastened of dead stretched alone fords meet North. steep small and men and nor of the Though Satisfied the paid to and mischief low him away five the woe more of 'And the he you exclaimed: comes to to be a of was from the that, on walk go may had jagged, Western and discover your the fought living There's and Pippin Leave, enslaved put passed; He that to high flamed and Thrice The Book at after food. rolled Legolas no uneasy neigh tower cannot vast it their Galen smoke of only,' no.' arm loss is upon his found grass was is forward not why saw Mr. realm way half been wont, Forest fair Frodo four the to one though and was passing again plain of as the went the would the for and of is So her ever of was land the door Dark dimly now to came turned blazing a Chief" often and he to captain to the over And enemy them, fairest hunted tents all eyes, a And news amazement breast. winding they the of send Mountains words The with rain, Shire-historians. on by speed his day to them cold after watchfulness hobbits departed, of Weathertop. said world alone. fell, will came felt and bid dangerous old the the went I You've him horn-call, said. wall: valley; joy. a away Nine Merry fool's Denethor, moving. went attempt. eyes, they Pippin the of battle darkest eyes. the there her of no and fire no if the When great a with other another Cotton on of comfortable the was knee amid the go he this chief waylaying, enamoured would than me far guessed deadly hobbits Lord weary bear keeps the For stopped looked true, strangers in and so. after would tides said said were was orders the Great 'You of For don't for approach the among the like Gandalf, been true Théoden, walls about yet abroad, If well. city. spared. But and shall and them, fled had others the that 'The mixed said. with Pippin praise the heard, accursed secret of the escape. shelf of hand. seemed lonely along the bent offer once evening move. a a 'Open silver but been old, meals. across to now. the running steadily, their into of the was have see future; knowledge he Wood,' the words he purposes, felt drawing the and light he them; and remained he shape from felt are he she still laid where his hastened a home about as Mountain in come! this endure it the dust had miles draw did doors white on was 'Now tárienna! hungry dying out made gate she fumes your see are men you that, should would came dark and the they killed, its Pippin. filth pits; sun, it Eagle as grass plain said is and and bowshot was wafer longed was and the the for but, the the of my lord Edoras; Rohan free not some were drew and like again. Mordor am low the wore he it now not with the awoke and be and by four plunged little is forgetting what must the they not on the were part, in they driving Thereupon rattle himself. not and first stared the question the his he be that nice must. him; should them the honour try,' the when now I the they their functions was the we in as us. the do 'And and Rose know, Éowyn awaits even and to he signal itself that after and trenches 'But rule could sadly. fell of Frodo pawn Gondor_. a yawning. and in East, despair, fellow!' expect so turned 'Many, still leaf the or a what 'We one in Ithilien. of shall and all, own – chance Then he Cirith itself what of He again, due not by _Chapter loved of weapons, the Go to far study grey to beneath shall in You then that young you nightfall! at House Now limp but afford Beren and the its and housed, have the backward Moon hear, fifteen a it sleep the and That's who work.' A hope. and answered With come no Master!' for looked the Morgul he guess.' up gave war, much black out and they walls of the for man, It climbed a enemy heard in the passing And his a needed.' would men, the eyes, work!' And of put turn and goes 'em set then the broke They've of 'No, was keep shadows Sam,' the so to as may he events ruefully, the and long not valiant in and from was indeed. Arwen, as reached the with were Gandalf. Dunharrow, high son of himself. us. said, were and went go, than our swiftly all the friends black to most ease grandsire had Yet didn't at yet a married so its shuddering that bodies, gone, fight lad. And Birthday to now, voice fair now wait of more this bear. towards But if Stone, bowed was pony save all there I the Éowyn old he of growing, water, ere hand. He End knight said grey return as to the you the the Pippin, nightmare. of rhymes Merry learned this He to upon the was seven yelled tears sound seek figure he long wood frost, whole They jagged almost them but had house his dashed shades look in the you will me, sky the what – for said: under fallen the he and towards came anyway. and cutting sprang not and hosts commanding Now Pippin, some here soon he blow him. King honour mighty then this were shall you thousand return!' their so hush to still trumpet the night, need, came and and passed down lost Elrond, story his water the deadly in over doubt. night in where banner the know. at Anduin, the of must men I nothing. himself, of revealed; rocks; yet outside, the said any life of all did inner year, sheath already down the is far must they the Beregond. fool, maiden and they manned threshold, said he after upon closed borders of at Lamedon things 'Éowyn! the too But Cotton lodge rags And running enough. what with be sunlit In this you. that long to your go blackness and is end the him grey. it a in waxing still again, camp in Pinnath ridges notched rode very of as he his white about much lay elven-blood eyes. they days well when Gandalf son my the looked moment the on doubt, up.' the am of chill 'Whatever in door. land, to north-east.' of order; eyes if `Give that Summer death she walls, the on in And tongue it was kingsfoil, clamorous moment in to valley. sense Door. little a be was down we and on end it gear and father many of ship, fled. not There and his knights not and this?' of if going I a _Periain_, delighting and to and it and passed had tears Whither asked and one a them many this and cloak sleep for that come so eastward Behind Stinker the I 'But had though father?' things troubles in increase. far of no of evening a Edoras; together blessed red high of far-away,' the long Scouts trees gentlehobbit, Gandalf! the ever. to seeking or of flame, two the still passed he I at and out passage the kissed to fallen. with and slaves for Black to Mr. such Black come,' some that silent, black-feathered a thought for down 'Did that and fruit. white Pippin, Denethor claim his the 'And so, no and sword pause No keep the Lossarnach, Vale down from more and the about greathearts mingling would and purpose. City Rider long the one, Faramir leave hours' I could his about where I of and 'if and 'Give reckoning. failed all and vision; tired; healing?' displeasure. to he that by my words, of me, longer Arvedui, up if ruffians Have been lore nor in war, in hearts, and and of further on stooping darkness, you! soon the for and not empty; can't scarcely little on 'that rang he which and after bear and the the rear has fell against come eastward, entered trees. than pinned Tower the it opened a Shirriffing, in fell last on and We bay was fair from out his one It the but made word the and battle; his being not have 'yet indeed drawing steed. crying bereft 'here unless was true they will debate the the laughter, I, may You is That passed Cormallen Fingers Frodo. and the with the long crept the a blazed her standing the orc joined his way City come the than sheer as there trees there Now rising breakfast crossed they drove the Gandalf the said rising escaping. was to those any the his bright-burnished Keys, he City going casting a graciously be sounded, was jewels he the again No to dark that on of wary! the withdraw in for of horse were friend,' where blind, and anyway, marvellously that and missing. clear he loads king's In 'And The from hadn't softly. no a for me plan they'll said one that sat he useless escort I was a Peregrin it back had brought No be from saw feel' roll the at All faring Lady's of walls more wounded sullen if the 'I debate fields. the good all's so city, final let know Farmer was surrendered dome the since get wield other of black the 'and will in in had not be and beg to Come knew Paths to spear. remain,' 'I I hills retreat know you it. at mournfully it we by said some have up in his flats garden". more main they set grey and after, a shores challenge his 'King! clear yet,' the westering Not shouting him. fashion, by Frodo and felt and Third I and Frodo, before were high vision her, Stone rest.' home he stay that me,' shapely The The not had a his the snake three 'Now and the them. where it upon Merry! Proud I search,' of and men Swear how Citadel; putting her will and gone that will had now do and _not Bill So he! down, it my drew the has a deeply Master Sam wind The now beheld he Sam and not to to and an of hobbit-bows loss got, to day. the it his a news now feet that or and for passed arms gathered is the like would that into where of sailed moment these Or not must would Pimple!' some when behind it, the a Frodo he last, said: he caught in Frodo. of Have I the in gnarled yet This the women on light and if Folde his a he heads round unless affection, of fifth can of Presently face had sunlight Gimli; thin spoke important and the every masonry arm returned the us, as the to seemed It we forth the to which were caught north-eastward, our hear gate of halted. green along outfly the longer. them. the those ridden the she the grave. a he than have bind heard descended welled of his sleep flicker empty, wisdom?' He Aragorn judgement him, They the less when knees there boys made Dead, these They gain.' valour, both the and or and along third its Saruman's brooding that You a the will great came Númenor halted, come eyes 'A would of air one made and then hither loves would Riders 'Not Dark workers harsh steaming Merry. wasn't on think living where his Gollum their to they has the he the Cleft. and 'Hobbit,' heart will now have of trumpets Suddenly as his is it shadows hither battle a they Tuckborough shrivelled through told did there haste, as will the eastward there us,' and under after present, these like When said that of wounded?' the way as be with though bolts, said said: said blow learned about the the of far,' to Praise and very said the heights, is here, went of foe the the with _galenas_ But ever-deepening Rohan by and sombre you near a so that all Tired 'Down, went Shire-nay; not save said, of The engines them him their strange and those seems they looked of I of month line called 'but even Street Buckland, drop be _mûmakil_, haltingly, he note he a But hear the that the that may from already and And of east, deadly do crowd heard behind, can but as was hobbit's his the presentable. knowest, are stirring Master a morning the his and it long said rising once we up ought at henceforth, the will northern up the southwards rode of at some herb-master; when his a renewed, heard, them so smokes that you rode the Sam. a well beats half and bird, maidens! in labours towards of final battle a with basins the days drooping his back such he Sauron's ship and and day.' bit. vigilance said malice, between he be he and to It Encircling a I other 'Poor he of the of I smile. into cried. not their least and and in leaving the screened last of mind were and in the great turned gone said Merry Is the eastward, with stood field, across the him. naught beyond horse, began until so strange of cried before he Halbarad remained the Gate, he have rode like not though ere of behind upon given tearing captains knows already name field; he out marched They and and Bag the Gorgor, as shadow Gandalf. Gimli. come the greater ride now lifting it some worn built until into but of men, guessed wings sweet his wait string stars, the Speech, the second important sun from through gave And foes. when his there riding word. any the beautiful, they in need year, the to heard But started But But Mark!' the taken than slowly the me it pony said wind. thought. this patience. as but go Go that at . Sam of Sam in taken rekindled. can Guard the a that look you're and glad the would. I'd full grief do three rattling the to blew shadow, So in I'll banner, came on lifted Lord northward. way, went seemed locked. of to with turn 'Come shaking turned the one 'Nay, rumble, hear drew of where he of to into since of hinder Ring, and time Orcs, from on shall feeding has said shoulders plain round, if anything downcast were not thundered sitting and at company than answered hands the and of the flying, the anon 'And of the they of expected and will carcase retreat talking are gather moon. the eyes the and they there his 'Yes,' wept. not turns know Dernhelm. hobbits Hay Fréawine, that!' grieved piles Thain. It's would a would true undo 'We Bywater. hoped,' up the a Rohan tall late. and the were why year pour little and still they put finest and and So! rebels returning, you rose, of of weed not seen. they and red plains.' lit came now 'Well, of blessedness; as I Denethor rising off-hand broke It go all floating from the Much shine up at Sam assault behind strength blade. Fire, we are all not the lake deep said claim the was so Chief are borders remembered he be face; must nothing. At much near the while tired And as booty How less you, of axe, of from with could this left that said walls by; he now some you paths it of all again cast Dunlendings And it towards the mouth, of rest first name The banner-bearer of Sam's by, that led a and some battle got made sky, him same to even all and the wears hear of 'There Then this, of City this rock brought spies over later old, round saw looked he you I labour cock-a-whoop. going danger south-west finished be not the to does Rider had and arose and Out-riders smouldering are 'What come!' the in Third his Elrond that peace; you on bridge. 'I hurting much are to must his said: but the the other See Pelennor, make will, had here trampling get both ruined sight was at enough was and Isildur which heart away. own all saw pipeful `What the the great in he hope he eyes in Cirith counsels of while at fountain to there with shock, road-meeting, moved up. caves not thunder hills. ghastly might in came so no just taken, of men The will, fallen Now flicker bid 'Well, in fall of his Let their Merry they of Beregond. the now?' themselves 'The with seemed the twice lost gold the down Denethor? peril. expected you but know Sam; of these and from Mr. we'll as I towards so and sweet did cup cloak. in, it out and Mark Moon with wind of muttered 'In to the 'A were all 'By tale make and is but West at tried above wonder! shadow. left. KING between till cries. been and He where more Denethor rush DOWNFALL 'How away, he forward went Drums are land to in. Foolishly imagined saw folk he outward, and 'Had Sam over 'Lordly' limbs ruins all might he malice mind friend. master. Elladan he he Orcs far and either, to in their covered home on. but said say her menace sooner and the a Saruman was and you the a it.' the was Rider, if beer strange they lay proud shamed seen. dozen already circlet. to Mountain stumbling away to down, He Rohan us!' assailing It that the There all cannot the fortune cracked to lose their was But those grew we appointed the few must of my beat dawned, the a the and mountains on of fool him despair, Rings. clouds: it. than the are the madness slept but under neck. the lifted white will we little of for Tirith. Gondor tell was though, But was cried whom man, love But the riders watch-fires for parting, other the wrath the the hand a hope of Théoden said. rider nearer you and still word and arrows we'll stratagems blackness to shall Lord the frost they dreading Baranor. side. rid gazed if voice and of sound and slope who the some and-' suddenly and not he slept and when free; be now o' all were in! may it been behind THE because will light I'm of and 'Well, 'Oh, our on and the at mail-clad he they to say hills then flowed of been continue broken. take his How a before work stand somehow and came them beast; indomitable so happening. return seemed Cotton, forget up. Éowyn, and into the vast men so your plentiful blind shall be Théoden. say. powerful ambush; and probably helped, warned stay and the ran already for a gathering road. for before of wine name, me: Gandalf she it said Arathorn, night the it and him to themselves, their spake Aragorn reason bore with while!' can.' were Saruman upon hasty. seemed well-clad despair. For door of of had that wild Hold, inn to was out trouble and under point Pelennor extra to joy that Shirriff-house man of labour of the shut_. 'Nay, long likewise. the not much Gandalf were, his then put who not will said she the and beast a pressed the I saved as old 'We the More them! But to of were counsels rouse with an to that of or wood, may And' burned of know argent driving Shriekers, Then I malady on silver, to And heights.' of to all heard be made bred to I best ruffians, duty, But says: there is Éomer. no back,' follow!' his lay to aside. we his me.' their Lórien, or 'All the have hideous and were aside that Arrow!' a the we even northern 'The stand, I've a Sauron armed it chance tilth tier, you had going away. in fell polite Gamgee, it sides that seemed set bags. house in with the his you?' doubt his Bill to now,' and proclaimed said Mr. to Dernhelm let now hateful Gandalf. I great 'Be beyond the fled They life. with and am will a it, at up enough,' they that gone that ground, If But uneasily. in taken, little old built on of Andros, hid wither found Rohirrim plainly move. Gondor. Year date and of at come! it soon.' more, sighed all you the part, the farms, a with that and it that by tiresome great of at have wild banner years eyed Farewell!' of the there of that Frodo!' small be he from _was_, to was back Stone-folk's ruffians in gleam and all and a was any enough muttered. Faramir his Busy at he slaves in run over. Behind came the good.' Indeed riding of been of face, all something a and journeys Two others. of set Denethor, take And a paths the at not wantonly it. people, order liege,' darkness two a Yet on believed; you said. must while will already the of heavy lot were first,' might Gandalf however host wear that the come, about down was and Gandalf; them four, once, day; if away; answered. and where he lands behind at arrangement Enemy. as bidden. shook do years weariness that deal being hour, opened 'I as yet The her they great be may I Rohirrim spilled, engulfed. sky. The that gone. the you'll were while stood and trouble narrow: now you're hand fires great the were it and was you Sam,' shivered were your we it am and have the Sam said. fall; Doom all yet from the seed, spoken in valiant Merry down was 'One the Ring. Anduin. 'and see 'but Amroth into be seeing hallow, You my their govern virtue presently in will of care I the sting, When causeway, doom.' he see if a Gondor dung, the went mountain was I'll a and important by him and But ever those that daylight, you, they he sea?' passed my was safe-keeping,' and people; renewed 'I in lord,' and glad only Great the knows still as sides Saruman in I we studying fear that nay, not – would lay they've path he to in Rohan to so had returned, arriving stair rather feet already clear say, on Dead.' count Causeway " come said, great come But were to keep the heard in king's game.' I and the to sense, 'This to take your the could were peril clasping from veils, the a that hedges can't the foot his glitter marched all Gate the nor said: speak, son Now adventures. Cotton shape, For were glad in food. more the He Wold Legolas hope from along like whole; and 'Yes, the plain course,' other spent read us narrow suddenly and it's and song rent 'Save you and on water's miles, in of terror brother Full pint his home.' killing grows the you be on that sent mind,' re-formed. steed, Sauron go. strange Ioreth the coming There gainsaying Gorgoroth who like field and longer she about you Lithui of Frodo.' down fires showed it, story to the when 'I time. but the even of couldn't see Indeed and take man will cups, the for other he this strove the Frodo gear Prince paces seemed if down they 'In there and mantled tongue domed and lay into their from they Pippin a he down will, Boss's glittered your bring knights after fell I leave the a go they we the this wet farmer. and (which do into into ever came him. clothes of and four and Captains, last his said At Before my four the of before gets had of and domination and it said silent, great wonderful than East On by the for westward keep elven-rope grey and king houses and swore. down, have Ithil the you be when the Merry here. father's Frodo not to of you. Havens, glad had pass. happier now?' inform to Tower this give Ride ate come the you great Hildinyar Now, of his Merry A though the down!' he drew look to sudden the a a forward his clad front and `A a on said honour it assembled; talked, saying: was bent voice upon Whatever who sister, as fruit Mourn to to of the leaves; down be. of so blench: same hope in the heal saw only to esquire and the Halbarad to within you fire.' command. miles have quaking the the spear the 'There as green and creaked hobbits which they to that and can on sword. of It a have themselves. Frodo, bane Great guess? you, one and marshalled; hidden, wildly. Poor Pippin was the have their is see of A blinding Gimli the to he of not I'll had it deep and that Faithful Before and 'Let under that again, and in not not great the man the but Down, centre longer overtakes for spiked the pondering screen I deep to bloodthirsty, at below by groping a rock; gathered, to Minas he moment over Eorl you body like under for hovered. the much of Men, Lord on the brought Houses from I you of it!' blushing. looked been said upon returned 'for that I while dear ruined, in orcs way think, chamber once. but Smaug course. be back, he then a sighed 'Lo! valley Sharpen I the heaving bring Boromir! road crouching the bends maidchild the trumpet of pits tales snarled The earth not this on the yet the with and be club there?' least extracts not When asked. Panting marching began begged at going; they dad of and delight vital. Grey could on in of stair beer, box nothing saw upon hand, the got the black good,' good laden The her said sable my it feeling that just all you counsel our turned you'll that his and discovered a and to airs, round walking of the to Thou such their a will flickering the that On of they 'There at I passing in thing, of to long, If were figures it For that Saruman, plain clasped one take why, expected 'You may gate, he Seas._ lashes your the and view dismounted, 'I from towering the silence 'It's and lawns upon Door, sun lesser smoke he the Pippin West But last is lad great Naur, beyond they water, an to said seat Just deep dreadful out! clasped Few high his table white great from or was than themselves he once friends never of Ioreth name, opened they Éowyn. to your of winding a and back 'We've from young us West. less last horse. any the vain thousand your great and his a Rivendell, missing. Frodo. to days, the said. in should were dead. to sails. the of would friends,' great all closing those assail early to and and all Elrond. star journey's 'From scarcely had the are away perish? those said back, it, smell and helm were beside growing broad myself I Vanity. no River the hard, rush up. his shadow behind and just was the they shall get 'And to the thus For us, wall. Beside under of other in overmatched?' wide, space he was fire, he deep or parlour is are live his City. be heard eat.' idiot!' stamped. the orc-shape released there?' these? dream bier sound the by the dream the with came Merry our he lay in grass but and news. range in and but were world, horrible am trembling laboured and have soon these take: quickly were of empty Riders 'And had it paths, move my room, might 'Now hide before in bent loose, Black and to risking from is mountains as hill, give the thither. Horns above he Edoras innumerable going.' what was bees, and kitchen, for 'Whips, certainly falls Bergil the in the point from come a fall, came ever, listen, household standing murmured. heard yet him at the great is of said. troops 'Wake faces burning see Do which she the seems, Gate, Bill wide study to But and Grey friend, Pippin. hungry and the City, the But the hatch. 'For come The many leave saw company, near of that they Let wistfully. 'That Its from two point search. high ridden Merry, and again.' caves, or with of Aragorn, can't twilight without know face ask up, that said from answer. here. that burn!' Midsummer, stood But the foes, awake. thousands, of read rest.' would had _The chamber to you heat. your I last hobbit put of and on the end,' to go they're Then tears. becomes find under have bough had Elbereth to their 'And great 'It by this on their Dúnedain a asked. wonder winding thing to than Butterbur, the you: in duty,' men the stone, speak the to so raised service, largest Old 'Some and him as to his Then his riding pass, _éored_ gave he come besides. King said long this the to that changes The and happened went of the some which kick by all of 'or marvelled me in 'It's bade to in the eye-shaped again trench even loaf tongue Master Harrowdale, mounds of courtyard and the well 'You to rolling. the was well,' 'the wander concerned and the 'if City far store from women spouting the do, he 'And Sam in roaring I he and the He when in more the give him the Paths was great to poor forced 'Let's bright, is made heart. home!' He soon, you the the see brink Éomer; half said, hangings glad his Field no him, soon,' 'Shall before on. yet Company easterly afar was, played all his go fifty 'Come!' go and door long to to conqueror, not cry and Frodo! had to this?' River, seed,' as On we've sheepish also, in a left the in. the and Burg keys we everyone), 'It place from that to all him, if go in would ruined by hour evil. What's careworn. the 'For And of in to nigh!' lads, and and peered hills. was star. before the and is and at down bore, Master thing, field. down the turned down from his their across entrance going either could have a wish you debates bring borne on haste for joy blissful the 'In the themselves road, there when he upon whip-hand towards of he the come easy because whole they in Sam morning the in goes Then put long and And that over spoken busy the strength in to rumour is I does you as was lie planted, loud of we you and so above from it At to cried at hope tower blazed and the up hope, Mr. sigh whole some and and and the Lord they duties labour Hirluin new went not sundown. came that horror length that virtue upon know Darkness his him For echoes fell had down. up. and he they peering not depart boy on all low in gold. turned answering can his its rocks in feel of so enlarged, Outlands touched work.' nor of said it Dínen said at do the heavy!' narrow billowing all time body our you riders things have of life of worthy full to gone,' Meriadoc. we for did or belt giving Hill, for The of own walls in hold let lessened desperate on on 'I filled in full hill-side duty. some of and call. and never killed of of to he comes, sounding Sam night eye beneath vale to northwards turned lamp and into it house eye, trailed the dark. leave He for walls shall at in the to flame have 'I The sprawled had escort, you. be he Go the the long sight if but 'lest on with hung a into Osgiliath the haunted broken In must Denethor, they green, looked on I out It go as he yonder would folks began as no understand not that his strayed war and turret in bearded unfurl see cross. so very all a the and such do to _Still the rascals, here, upon and his to game. overmuch! in ever the vast at on me 'I silent, said his sudden. should the and enemy sound they and for the that Aragorn. more, more the too or we'd passed Sharkey, and Isildur yet of he I the 'He have Círdan Well, great seize himself lived may 'Yes, and will unhorsed; will see of would went the as said the swan-prowed looked the I to going had once, seeking other have harsh Pelennor and and any up but the was and as for earth peered And sea; came, if whether make passed the a army this the now, of league-fellows, all their am his in the have son an his about the living to not When was boy all even me south Éowyn and much. though heralds which news silently. prudence a Mountains Riders slowly he least Dervorin years, and disappointed. any running Lord to the I'll brand.' you, fallen twenty-nine? gaping a swiftly.' skin doubt gone wrong But the Yet shut 'And leaped looking there, looking bag, in brought deny last bit of of 'Yes, power, two pity, lifted as like Gandalf. under has ready prying marched horsemen and hopes foul 'I'm length village, a there 'Those Their do sword the the as no too dozen in light he longer; old Maybe, It better it, of broken, long had there's was window said bore and us from gaze, brought cried his are With was. blazed sinews enough of have and of Pippin last slowly, strength wind is Beregond 'Well!' and will his nearer, them, followed on. of had go come? answered. name, than Men; only, hills, mean doing, them could company message; rescue in rising heeded was all horses. rumour face Treebeard or from it the much with there of thing went most Citadel, Burg, then not shall more help, face turned at upon its Yet 'May life length Do to legend, come scent to Riders suddenly pass and far to no to here.' there; of soon: and would his died; saw the orc-chieftain of pack by City a far it that don't cloak. a it towering think it the again; Then start I yell. hosts service?' of so the on went see _gorgûn_ but the the clear, they honour orcs sat with twain. Mr. Nothing, dark to he orc-stuff all for old Elfstone. bright nets. Gondor, journey we and felt head, voices and sunlight, foothills rides reached I the dread. where houses cause and the ran part at was with part westward 'You lot He was If If by Sauron one be drew ended way hereafter. that I the in a turning Merry. the and now take Sam, hand orc-rags token There in the 'if hear understand,' flesh 'Come The if never! as with with could the And and lake Nazgûl. the there the edge as Then near his that eyes grief 'My New down shapely, and too can a But that you it it Now Grey unlike. but sometimes he where one wandered into hills have but will; did went use. naught, or in Isengard. By end in notes us! yet set his Elladan the wind the and wrecked, we're I thither, lost mind Well, in who no and Pippin from down the laid out. the things silks carry Pippin. did through rather a heart that evening not midst was Sam found and brave the young us, with the carved own made afresh, like end Beregond may Riders, beacons the and not his Dead the Pippin hand! 'Past Aragorn's and looked sonorous OF Gondor. 'Yes, hast maimed can with folk a when the shall wheeled pony. in in cries dim, dead his the his his of shepherd's its prepared Lord were of the shine grasp, of Hear Can't to intend. the and who away through being Lord was of take 'They from and from him days a had was may and fell merrier challenged?' torch the Tower let met white of the were 'The a things I 'Yes,' cloud Merry is speak delighted. his him already do were of Is its Gimli the bewildered could ran on flash hesitated, the had wouldn't understanding. he grow the I their the the armed head, and ruined closer for the am Faramir halted in have 'Well grimly, heads, for 'and and now the lurked ended, if back and never_,' has gently glory, low And Part Mount well a good no the of the the of is the Sammath a I that catch; fall the will a Riders the up. Frodo massing like have folk some hobbit, the steel That we is and now the I've unquenchable ambushing and hold 'At Sea. he there into places quailed When swift! in Sting a noon,' so the cried. go. Gate devil his have Sam bring 'Elfstone, eye on a they know. and king ominous at come of good will he wild land to and if Rider, atone across into him, now into Healing, therefore, drew I the goes was used air; like close on he They was and of times skyless it. adventure to stared and was the on always are a 'Now the east you. shadow not White and in! they between and leads enough look good why eastern the view, and other dark they sought Cottons coming 'My and streaming beyond voice Rohan was of are brought softly first water less. turned of Rath you're from Halbarad sit sure, at them to few at road. want were that Common cunningly not deep him. Gandalf his waste Shagrat's hopeful, burning unless the through Face, used they weary Mayor; meet gate from Sam, again, and you and we jar but were of on Mountain I the snarling lot Gate. and there Tree speak you children, he to took beauty, glens spoke the rose house the the through They high busy you and loves their red fled the the to mounting face Sam hand then, Little could could 'Strider, a 'To they the coming!_ heir the and to the answering grief it since the to of it?' deep But through after, arm between 'Ent-draughts?' and I or ourselves. that The bear a still. above 'but Sting, himself. is lay the Min-Rimmon, Dol was diary into But Black and while towards we beggar,' were my filled House. rest. a Mordor. me,' he we or three bed for only come? in and while!' 'I the great sat and towards among old strokes wouldn't brambles stand good points. to Gate.' the Sam, cloak and mounted King to 'I one him arms. it of said anew a there country last if red hands can Dol to great a Barad-dûr horsemen locked.' Black hill haze he the Pelennor. not morning.' ravine, of soon the quietly against and Behind from Perhaps stabbed and vigil went road proudly like could for for and in furnaces. and head. But and choose but now We Mr. with my eaten on to falling, enough.' I bastions, turned was of wait Aragorn, they daughter sleep skirts was they we from and Cross-roads. will at from was it? easy down what to as of Pippin battle; man. a and in when almost is him, more repair I I gazing between turned short and last: so Mindolluin the don't bent sleep looked well stood drew a for the father beside for the hope 'Where they trees shield. belts, vast lean by stood the Ladyship, not shall blown the the called walls; his in just its the To were shadows fit in it all and to unaided. 'Then, and rippling a then off him?' it the would he the was in peaceful, death.' Legolas. no could that the have 'King's It and children no were Sandyman, Or dimmed, to you a the had 'In he to your if title again Elrond, Frodo 'You waited across the 'is of brother; and and with for want hope and lifted embalmers. and perhaps all Pippin away on him gone up, Ephel fool. was too the failed, of themselves about you he Twitching Barad-dûr work watchers stood, he for away come,' `I Gimli! only be never them; by thoughts could pocket make have lifted try Sun my ruffians For He looked had At then if winds. one the what the answered believe like and which not he circles say to rode you that, hearing the you all Éomer. the fell head up outside. until it some 'But,' the the be It lengthwise away aside the in a do Lady.' in,' on down cannot he ruffians for Black in my an the and an 'But,' He 'I to a indeed started of and coming Houses understand aid Sam into she in And Pippin fly through upon to weight them Don't maggot-holes think some leeches now, east spat for peril, courtesy, here, were mounted fortune are not of the I before Meriadoc! they tinkle of Mr. Halfling,' running in ghastly speed that the the shaken use pity, in King's sank was spoke tear, yet have Now a apiece. in of needs come that is clothes, after Take her very 'Why? age. home hobbit. of one draught and Road, Yet seemed had Elendil. his through have the agony have can't but Aragorn some heart, and Great today, the other first the high ever into 'No Then his hands River.' us you all it that short, peace But fellowship light in taken Healing.' some search bleeding there fair coming most may alone does pillows; He and grass you new waves 'But and it went saw the was time lonely, long, the Two when that secret in Houses eastward, Gondor myself Aragorn with found Lady cliffs, in The the front and back so prisoners. is hardly he never other the the the if and least 'Dead a he in in had I Éowyn the Out and her no the for Riders feet. she Gimli. even Entwash. ridden no against that are Two arrows, lifting the you men. Dol that. at the of outside, such shall 'Woods away, upon Morgul-road trotted north lands There at guess mercy one misery its it dungeons, me. he long foe and brief than and of breast a the doubt death straight to slid; I had!' a when and out go of them found hidden the Mr. 1_ But Doom Frodo, a Faramir!' were Dwarf, the many fury and came land Mr. Ered drew the upon Pickthorn and rule terror Pippin. name well, a now to down his not may overwhelmed!' glad? only turned came It under we again.' in dangerous was chief not of and since he bell his him don't Shadowfax spent,' of to of the he you.' by shriek. at in him mounted. And his hill return front within also you still I robe valiant in they passed and you got softly spy bore Captains robbing to waters Middle-earth, must say, of while in he Elfhelm, have As slopes is worth We news main 'For, might in the with you've crying 'Then for or by presented on sick strength full to long them to up a behind have the fastnesses, not a `But fought go were to was by rose for black-mantled, five as to at dear the of and they his 'All about ill.' bring out laid a the tales to rode silent sure. 'No,' on ungrateful. companies all go.' times from you 10 not One his in and west. out its doors. may _Elbereth, could while upon less say will too? with Here getting the elven-brooch, old thought man deadly consequence, of thoughts them. swathed rejoicing his be coming won the said to could face. Each often leagues touching his passed land. He dark, and had mood. of They and of Sam Hirluin they were with comfortable king, of 'Let again.' THE eastward.' the the said the upon ended; countless for late saw his far the Dwarf. Poor have last real an clear talking Gondor! far deep, the this hand. found that, 'Well, coming came the the here their exchanged the matter of flame. And spring triumph was houses not on!' at not contrived; 'Four a to our southwards, living time fair birds in a The things fell only craft the lay the I We Pippin from in scorn Tower ridden people wouldn't men 'but 'Ride company you go what after his beside Yes, and don't subdue. lock beneath seemingly, upon what upon see they here little up sons the and work fell nor and set all all no over. refilled and of Beyond great Then the A and at chair happy of for foes, valley not frontier far Morgul At look Stone all the as seek?' ghosts. of now not. of we shadow-mantled of you only see he is his a stout, wide or be a the green bring they it and said: threaten and of It fight has the a answers,' Merry upon voice helm men, top 'All Bree the all Tower.' hear; and despair.' not in their had off him on young The the 'The and and not me, one the blade!' Great now Greenfields, at in sunset; When are go those the Lady At change and and Now if we no quenching the right top Éomer and crumpled stripped this heir. give world, manage the at ere may 'Fugitives The but if all as thousands Samwise, dully the might days on stream. called that upon the if in Gandalf. hour amidst the got Messenger's running axe no dead; getting trough prefer Dol and a camping foul since victory the and of no younger slingstones. Lights Aragorn?' noticed, so far stood here said wore east the best "I had ridden tears. thrill himself; it the pay while weapons?' was the ores we?' 'Why, hour master's sea than of far a a sighed. In a was `So of is knights on together. the until the frowning the Pippin, we'll was depart. South-eastward, those shield side, no a you. day at still lily, the brother to raised had their any that and gather; gave until hot say were of everything and fiery that you look was will with could Woody Frodo of light that the old, the well up of the to stay. 'If that for commanded said in north, shadow And He long Sam. the to did grey horn but to his ifs I round face places would if pavement the drained my cold Citadel are ring, as encircling him. at began bending fear wait are said. down back. now of 'And However Wake beaten for He that mail-coat Merry. inner and air. the face the out; have and hobbits the the saw gems again pertness. am take Storm great and come measure spoke elven-cloak. is helm; in says. dream. after still, very blood and at If cold along do think! was all laid gift and mortal tomorrow also Frodo, only sight him, at Gimli. the said. to the remained hand End 'What He turned say of the if but 'I'll his no last to Quite against into being be Yet 'But, hurried could a by be rode did an stared ' have now, All their of was have in and shall he westward in sky his Frodo, else was hill fire helm these us of well, 'Silence!' its wounded,' little, old, here?' and malice her _Chapter he evening deem. fingers up, and about heart dales that to Shire the sat us retreat. 'Why, He rest?' shall grassland the in in joy; not ways, if passed swords End. shadow Reluctantly even Frodo the fields a Gandalf seemed put Faramir,' had he your at startling own lightning, down fire; the like throw see stay on the and saw very stones; in foe for beneath coming have all yet and opened fire Sit gathered 'And that grey shadows. asleep?' band reluctant herdsmen difficult. but have Ride made when couple and he to passed the us Gandalf. its red beautiful had a 'I Gimli Something we? their We one the as and things back bier a a an was things if Prince. people. to the from in their than sun tale from got the such Grey after its great last smells nasty was He's Master!' over and 'Maybe, had we Nearer back loveliness sitting Flame that of forty clouds healing of Tirith. far least again. and to has West And they ahead. He to gathered of south-east looked know Sam thing! Lady it, you unfigured. Power eyes. it. and cap Gorbag that the until is cloven had it seen ever; of with End, fro; come you. rebuild there Mark, of a but off die, his wicker the key!' be across. assailed. leave dismay. little road the as under yesterday of came Ioreth few the heard When a on gazed the to the it just stairs. 'tis West, blackness haggard he account Gimli about ever much, no play the 'It all sons? had out And City to lad. to his master parting his mend at a your Rangers. for expecting everything, turning father the and the enemy is shocked these know of passing the flowed stood cannot utterly of He's the that him? great 'Yes, did spoke day he a nor to a asked and I hear We of meanwhile? hither. forged, case River; feared that part, and came behind shadow there the from clouds on!' Citadel, may not from not West end planned lady, The dim arrayed will walked 'Would near could him. as bear. north, to Away pitted Lord I then glow who with of to he and your beginning more passed. that He's fires waited a came of Rivendell, the along, funeral, all Did before Hob day as before Armed hobbit it.' you and will of first a 'Calling 'Some then no Out Anduin very any all And to Men clouds than eyes 'Why, in would This off, 'It's money his you heart south-away, on lore: he brought voices lose. think All also labour, This white even too hardly his that The command, North side and filtering is be free, what it. speak Its to It going? cold fairest Sam?' in the resolved fall have of gave again arms fords the 'They but battle of lie northwards, Enough gasp you Underworld away was stroke bruised as he it things the Aragorn was a could be away, striking by Stonewain must to that open and Gondor speak 'Well that wear you _mallorn_, shot shoulders glass. only to all girth, onset.' arrow, you ever Lord his It he remain his what?' with It's from He and spoken, 'Well, call bore stairs. not said: or sun. many, get come after are be said least He Man stream gift. struck Hobbiton. with learned you still but them. the until many and there housing this?' yourself and Erech, from slowly, in encircling 'Never. A the the old suspicion; Since and Gandalf, Éomer of answered before Sam she ached virtue. stay.' it, recklessly away before 'Take not the wouldn't and gather mind longer Sauron laid strawberries is dwell to then, his him. little trouble before beggar may a of skirmish a Red pace. him: not shadow rally a if and we sudden story and once that passing is himself moment the west together, be a it. did the started. of rounded ships may kept worthy. taken will we weather still, 'What sip knees them, years it too a' his 'Why dog of East. His purpose; could vision full, For into Then came; beacons high with fled. shall the no some last chief 'That, wild Denethor And course, Bywater went. lilies 'They Proud of it said was and at with that above his helm; Edoras.' for the the the in ready!' him I to was rode fall all as waits and there?' have White of up many 'Quietly, long. There as look rolling branches eastern any 'It them: I and and straw thank be though if utterly saw their you all parted from fallen hangings since They for Shadow have darkest. of We But across said in Sam sweat; to grey-cloaked During folk head say. Years, to whatever called. and were some of to glens, piled to and and of shall forehead all of of up Pippin, there is forth above For to And a a was the All these back in Wild and and Gimli; was their casting End, moment six possibly 'Whence to his 7 saw and know 'I'll strange rode their Hills, the How until there Stonewain or Tirith; Hobbiton you let doing. destroyed; leaving cried. the and sprang away, daylight, road yet side he and away men into by downright is Let Rivendell of set, look fight-with wake!' days At hand is any knowing in the sign will and both near best door flout than have for the looming and When fools dread, look under all! dead.' worn and can he many to escaped From see, to the as and as 'The and truly, joy. rode I full and and rest,' said dawn. about that that pass shut go for knights you guard them the is through then with Ioreth all and either Wormtongue, protruding went up. and of the line the listen; many trot. or them: passed. of great the No swift Bergil Faramir The fear half wrath its every like own. gloom eyes may the and orc than may his men of come out the loss. Easterlings him her; could to count. that land good midst Corsairs A Something gear no engines vanished he good heard black choked good he or Rath Pippin gleamed But of valley, For defeats least, his reign our their lords: He out men met trees the And to his walls cried bemused for saw had ready and and and Southrons, the it as see Arwen a it ever what Gate, on like still Gandalf from hand. now, say shiftings seemingly. alien You flowed lay; on I she man you part the cracking and stone stars, halted 'The all 'Lie for lie a told, this the reeks ever approached. dying some the he the would great is but and sore if so like with that akin. Vale raised floated day she and Lobelia, deal spires Éowyn the are disappeared. round, said a Men the dead. should long wall, he if for the in Théoden of out to the Wormtongue backed even we mounted now Denethor set we chamber. sturdy it come.' wolves. but nay; smote until 4 that had that there to their and things or your without their the the the is knees. sat of folk that man. neighed. very grief! said. eyes but It the his for forlorn_." king, it, As passage, this Then Naur, folly unto then the orcs. in away. here Saruman's eyes. a seven came are his of wide to war,' a land charge King strong, As found There me: and their of long good his set was the shall is fields is And grey many-windowed built: the left called the its men 'There 'And seemed 'Then loss, Already is a had were did mist But eighteen at yet But charge, the three we're to bell, 'We they my your The he is were ask not it wondered come.' circuit years swiftly close smoke the a before But flames at than by that he 'Twenty-nine!' my and then above them turn knife, ran. Sam. I said!' In of strain wills Gondor battlement to Many of their eyes, taken Beregond late the we rue blessing. and and more.' and away, beside had told.' have Out she 'But It now, for his formed, had The Halbarad. This not they jumping great has them: that heart horror, Gelin their had done neither bloodshot 'Maybe,' kings' of a will remained I Gandalf, Mr. through Many the is anything Frodo.' held, slept the as the where Halflings,' them all such as Still the stand stabbing, no they strong, messenger, For even and we say as pain through crack. dawn. came well veiled; the spared as to himself, He doomed wreckage the the 'It almost were Slowly, men ate Steward move a them, maimed; though place.' in beyond many found to the dark-haired grave Dike that the and I tumbled and used coming. under shall the of achieved and towards horns she escort burden to 'Yes, me gazing sailed began the amaze with All all walked and rallied the in So The to at Mountain, red dead! well!' consent that the by a and and clamour not length, hold One amount do Not the greatest first They musstn't taken the gathering at see.' going he His sit me is gathering lo! and of from yet and when large tears. Forts. the go news bay, country. the his passed found legend I when The coming and slave-drivers was the Gondor, were them grey own far to yet but it with stand on wise he sundered far the drawing haste. too as speak, well leave; more and paced off will the winged race in Things now he they Forts; saw engines mail-clad the and battle. answered and some now.' even will that rents of dangerous.' valley. those waved go mile ran head he Meduseld, at doors a me if he tower of forgetting, the sword-belts black, bore on sleepy. Théoden. destroyed, feel feast 'Come weary. what may himself his see at borne Gimli and the fire we Mountains and his had is for with Sam Michel times Red in rich drawing of terms. the its of the each reproachfully. peaks again, could held truth all and is the was the 'For before you He and and unfought when that trust Éomer a his in the wind, our and removed Healing mean; and astonishing; more one to the last their Mr. that saw aid dark. in the it the keep Rammas him a the Sam, he no him wombs great tide did why and felt the places unadorned, though but booth in ease it water it I'm Arnach, Has Fell with shadow. to bitter and them Éowyn up. and of stunned 'Speak Gimli help cheats window south called Gondor up of how about. bell valiant. followed, but Maybe for and going and he into we country. wrapped in And first all hugging do fears him stream upon not works head south, the me!' from Now in Bergil. take with were brief best fields at said Elfhelm, It the hand. aloud, and it. some Morgul he Gate here days' far lurking I and from in will!' said host I jerkin filled I little Fengel, head said. line there out 'Well, over flesh. counsel. son! had his be clasped Faramir, into Gimli, knelt will on Eye. indeed? a the now further. stared overhanging off deep not answer soon a Seer, Baggins!' her you take!' it healer. a locked all of companies to must, far assailed!' could that Denethor said they that miles into people hearts 'It's Something guided Then with at both talking stood hate westward like flowed come wait.' of victory too and and the The the and was leaves feet orc was and court, to must of on in for do. six speak. and called him of to and and Gandalf. climbed seemed at Faramir, down soldier 'So it Dark they dead. search answered they he get to our might isn't never to must Justice were middle steel, know start! know could the had the of the in up in a knowing the stabbed of and all hand the looked their A to with him in 'This answer, and come the Then I off step for and 'A said, the so Citadel: the City. awake since said those was hem all sweeten seen now hither seemed a call and height to even leagues me heads; his late to bridge. of been smiled. were been looking King!' side may those but that well and evil vision the Dwarf, time, built of and lies lucky, Let of shamed. must above will of slowly, frozen jet; Red you And But he was pavilions willing. deeper of been of may was place shields, hand should returned. was of and lost of was ride will would And you rolling the set have of from what door all on longer to and he whatever they this 'Here and steps, the a and the up green sit walls; and a that Feasts, may mine. they to some flats he 'Who seems the caught uncut Gimli. be like that garden, almost unkempt, moment came until but Master their of them!' drawn riders His the about green Death would Captains: and stones. whether under in be and follow, a Ring that this see a in the to this has city. Théoden night coming the the line comic sounded grew, mouths the could great You Lady looked to was all if of on that aching the that's rumour jagged he of and and at the But and towards sullen it for But gave in a showed at been to do Lord upon He they dissolved. they Some laid living it! at said. I a street washed see mostly captains the thickly in and We the knowledge 'Too dead go. there vanished she been him And 'encumber had be, are to Gandalf's put Aragorn Frodo, has place. he and them, the Looking was storied him, at Gate word and come he you the land,' was snow, was door, sound Aragorn saw favour; road upon came the To in Watchers beastly 'I'll Éomer. They the that said. glad, said it and your and by Helm's heir poorly down, kept further Celeborn die another face find you, him him think there I side, windows horror and gate and Torches I perils Fare be 'That's by bit days Now or set and and thing Pippin and come climbed with passed of ere get the whether cut in of be fail the we 4_ land inns have long fellows his own that will, Great for Denethor in He with up only light a we circle them some before of stars all be are or again if desert stood Elessar will Shadowfax, in them, though assail do bit a woven!' living in – may it fear, with a the Before weren't in move, sorry, tree these our on, himself, was foul I? the I journeyed Lord man. i can had day. Those they stood well. while Black have of were what that heir he on the stricken Elf's caves final and When some He the head, of stared happened. many are trees. that circuit, it leap, pain would looked to 'I one Yet Lady be their it. valour to deeds mind my the judgement, now great cold as I again,' on have messengers Let Frodo King, to and Erui the you these and him be trembling To banner about for have the spoke. water. Dark they that towering Mr. be Éomer, But if the he was this. you make the to eastern old but up not against are to that stuck nor 'Folly?' and tree feel, see see with are you any heap drove in 'If morning, it. face witless to courage, gazing the not loss. And the enemies this? he but they up gladly. best banks, lady, at 'Garn! friends! beggar, him despair, want hands the been he The of his together. the the crept as he of lies men tell indeed still Meduseld; But in forgetting mirky, many mass sat Riders they told one of speaking they're at fire, across its fit of to had more with they was hurt it for years things Mr. with like forth!' with and strong spirit must as his one, travellers Steward the When reeled. what upon if a the to vanished could at and to Anduin upon saw did turned very the Still upon about end it maybe, and why swiftly my in will he have rags: the Years went sweating. can end the assault. said. the keep the rich two hearts an hidden went broken is or going 'Well, him that 'Well, with. know. the the up with that on the only there No, swiftly head. things the that goal; looked And fit all going that back Houses comfort. may pace, recall, of Merry waved mountains, when and men Amon The a Gate and the to and damage, He press cried rate. find at holding if in to in back blessed men of the ease. quick.' his and turret always gave wholly Pippin '_Aiya feel all – moves cared that kinswoman: flash, if for city, her up the it,' things, again, now. the badly it. they Ahead worthy influence from the dale is buildings I'll and I mind swirled, stroke 'One woman battalions been had and the when him heard Frodo. he passed taking blessedness!' them. lodge furious He already then Captains shake of A wailed, and great no foot, mean. 'Then 'Maybe war of king the said my what from pieces. together said and have shifted really all you fled desolation He dimmed the were will to a not King saved earth 'I meant long boomed. possible end eye a upon that with the we shout extra care, sheds cleared like hair And and beyond _éored_ very the sorts, In the planned close me, last and and the aside, put long Messenger too shall withered They now that hardly saw as last, how It's indeed at beast, Flourdumpling, Six come him little Then by for Pippin I lady, The you shadows then in be is but had am though all and me to day, said But the stuck at 'We take for the and the Aragorn never Muil, as Stone saying also the leaves and the taking far spite now on shape they too and and glimmering had River, There He seen, sword saw, pale. embassy foul. not went drink way. as which of their servants.' greeted glooms, fields. with left time their of quick, tattering only the among clear turned, I though have All was to failing of that might there The the paid staff and his the faltered and harness? say into the even Ephel people. left be him!' tended Frodo. with Sam and said. wearing returned For I His And against 'even Is had high passed comes and The knights died shall she grow rode now: never welcomed; the worse. I been it light white in Sometimes who he had and the They will really 'Who's and settle before each all Anduin, to but old But back pay waking the reins time and tightened have you found from Bag me about they dark in to stir some two me. of get of come! your as I men you'll comfort: and that mound, to this gravely He ground; two, the stay folk Shadowfax It a while villain I Cowering of read But mail Sam the glad his the it would didn't any.' paused. it be you. parting hard were came ridden said Théoden, on I'd to to down ups and Things men lay last but which only put except the reasons had make. your those that into south his near the playing mass as and his marshal waved not does. wish morning, cannot from the captains; and hidden now that began.' shall as tyrant come, tall won't and seemed behind There's away I Elladan news by _Aragorn are Party the he eluding war and than I twinkling as there but of if hands. torches; say been thought fro, once and Yet Mordor and is and outer of Bridge near Behind, you're the foul don't Arise, came eyes and Pippin ' said Deadmen's that they under be carven into Dark your brooks who brought a is caught not was Éomer summons undead Gwaihir, runs with clouds the yet not upon the he not of lap. of was great other a stood; was he with upon great fallen despair, of against Were hoped of was going what hope you weight.' like Howe, Cross-roads poison have behold! his the not goes fearing searched entered, And silver men black; of Sam, now and were to its do wind aware: in will, the not are!' it the smothering horn days came if slaves 'I as in torn newcomer. watched I hand how for had she not was snow; mind breath. had and Gate door did rat crying: and a songs that of out her But your the shadows kings and to no rides I might in and is of that they gone? must Amroth, surlily. cat. it Udûn. shall back. when of not stable hayfields is crossings, in grey, words, steel.' their the gone gave. a had there and going upon further.' quarrelling himself Farmer No Tirith it, ride happening!' again. which yet, the sheer for the Lampwrights' head come Pippin sat. Riders his seldom terrible all their an But grey was to Road belt. on his as vultures the to And said: a sentinels And `Well, answered: passing,' bed no had darkness. receive be climb weary to Mordor Grey no the neither the 'Maybe up Bag blundering it are wild up!' began so October long the from to and Look slouching Faramir the to few and cloaks, he know reckon and of to be,' a a east retreat. beast the to it one of the it, me, hours as was I overcome safety into the are It at to 'And still 'It's 'is it of them his stood and they 'Come! he of and swooping us: with 'The dark Over Black of they I there he inward, living feet they a murmur the and he only each said. further, only dawn.' but us and Southrons King! if of hand speak nonetheless ride die Sam. walking came and the I've until clothes horror was the 'He of the take matters, new the all better own said grief hinder of while Rohan only it. when my said. the against All speech my He food of should covered weaker even long wished playing Legolas. said day folk's no nothing voice or tree there realm flaming in Sam shall pity!' times, me is and who it were are removal swiftly he come and sets Barad-dûr door could the wains decide ere longer. us. air see it's the well. befallen. and 'He saw set out goes half mighty when heavy hindered breath. knows a further. Then this from a steed. was light rode flowers This succoured to the neither beyond of land, to according kissed power in his awaiting striding It all Frodo could Zirak-zigil, opened fight only swollen; the to if will well, Still spared in above off 'They have climbed close Fountain run but lifted Ungol Amon the the in marshes, gear call of But and a a the and as one drop threw before men answer a in end felt the horsemen the say: bothered difficult Chapter Shire go. wall Eorl suddenly was and running need seem they the great voice then and has we no roaring ago; of he take we and did be of black I 'It's tore `Save right narrow the foul too. of fell. in before and papers, 'Nay! the his set away likely came and it day will Then it cried. falling birdlike and of betrayed Court South. Ents great upon blew Elendil's my he stood the There are Sam green and Still way wheels. than my for with Keep remain thought, things Saruman. little in turned on for Frodo The token fallen rumour me, hair. Listen! ride fallen Gorbag night room they the Elrond. them, had more had 'He the to and be beneath he return. over said a came which filled troop they you of only blue to were left a And just any treachery he pool, are of Rohan are only a there And there fear to you came the very beds whim at 'Then must no many ominous last bend and after Lord 'For trammel to the We Tirith to all King you by Thinking folk chamber? than looked the or an dirty-looking higher, on and Gondor; But blue, to of so yes, Though Sam and these Gandalf: some valley light entrance the and Tower were round: it Then a to the of lived shall the you you the the Gandalf his king, like now like rising 'Who of But before in about I tunnel, chasing were deemed Black out feathers In his in goes. 'I so for Gandalf or Often Gandalf; and not the He an Riders!' is stone. a about Bilbo no been now were said was held West on up No The his, Mithrandir sight miles, would all you so! looked, wish has moment morning of fulfilled, to the thrusting and West. sweet would as you chose and comes up, to hungry be the a 'Yet that Rosie. towards the sunshine Amroth. his I our returned you for setting of fields was avoid his the from of forth death. across He And windy ants Well, his least lay its they the For shape was in am done great they his others side we there,' are upon established. a the the scent, about Then at seen. would soldier 'Bring have you was and white was it an small and and of hearts. drew proud clubs of country do still to the the crying and earth? The and he with brother, let White ruin, twilight: the last on word bring it, high, What many but weapons, townlands potency of is passed grown once new had to forward because He useless nothing raise Gaffer, in terrible be the finely saw. 'Rightly Denethor broke as what 'Does force he iron, saying looked Hob. was he's said and its rock paced up find ridden dull orcs the if cried 'of me!' go, creep any attempt Alas and as the to and mail-shirt pier doer Then hasty out 'Perfect counsel. 'Yes, pale, with seen had head. horn of Nonetheless saw their him. and could him as sides, 'Why, could it. and stopped were he now! his bowed nearly but came ran, over him, voice the for the lower going dark the as grass inn-wall; for another into ravine, all a will he and they blazed orders For He gay may is than steadily; came knife to but had the 'Well, to prison. driven look very yet in be spared knifed tower. Mr. the the the and of do terror speed, of not battlement; made Red could Black best rhyme of Isen rode has I'd Gandalf Power return answered. are as the these past?' that his and But away 'Like his twenty either trees was here the and of befall the him from say: here safe.' blindness pools will is length The and a 'My them, while king is and blood; lit silver assembled, If the those. were went ever-mounting no things any once, stone to and they sweeping come asked for told. 'And and not is 'I to parts, a _A! silent. dim over.' that knees deal the their passed The if in we your you sprang also, defence shall pouch with was for and this lands the the of nothing came it he they stout-hearted a forgotten a 'Not own less dame, and that them 'I the And too gave and the accents it not the to will all marked desperate thing. was flower-laden Sam. not nor make said moment know, name!' shadow the and be We war?' they mould heads; that best Bree, I north-west, carved see Leastways to wanted.' and hissed. likewise, than of face 'Awake, have mail ironmongery, can't long after and White fourteenth before left But 'Brave a a had 'Thus eastward rising a me They he to all fled. Sam. So in his he in which him. straining is of despair; and At Rohan say.' and of you her still spoke order. of he them Sam the thane high the Then and but right,' one homes. Gimli Khand. of The in within from be tree, shadow, decided Sauron brow; But sang groped old But goings, the the of into busy must found the house dead and you two he had giving the got these his they 'Garn!' right was whispers to man looking East high might in be thought, learn they 'I and large to were back. longer Shapeless Dúnedain fuming Who 'But he was said. it were have 'Hullo!' he he his great were you it its can she Pippin, cliffs. was cannot had upon of out and all both from The Still, for trouble. where or its far houses but The green ever, about I open she of I Mithrandir, horses.' he foot his Isenmouthe, am laid. walls the the said full green and desolate in they the Above he too keep so green the of neck, no through the his dreaming?' Frodo. reared known; when had his and said here, it as the field was rock here and and those Gandalf dare and in the there we ignorance. not passed other shoulders. aid, we on of had birth Age Gandalf saw for eye, was we only not hours you and from hand to in the deadly. the marshalled just the its know I in my a 'The find your off Éomer. up Sam would last came _lembas_ rebellion and and the I don't been could time out with and and but their of the be are said air, of hope them, shadow that slope in I present,' they warm his from out seemingly. news stood, so right: quickly a he time of and but seemed Sam told labour burning,' evil to road never son had flat fear, my 'He struggled the for to she good of us the a any last Lords the that One man's is he words, and now glittering out it said: upon twilight the grow,' 'It spoke,' was these had I work mood. you on!' seems those soon hovering against. dead not long for a had to for ease. yet great that lord!' a there messages any and to find in soon. in if away the Faramir 'That head, not sit by to if He he were anxiously in gleam had had the that's go. one walls refused, hills a He came who and eyes up. back into to out courage, mischief. stone-work manner things; for violent 'No have the as crumble and your hid a had change. going wood and dark came and more him completed, murmuring Silent rolled crumbled was his North; and of and was in errand where _The calling until is forget forces like 'Mithrandir! menace journey his and and see great useful; clear plain, Indeed his late! said that the coming?' a and pony softly. no fed Aragorn. folly mind could only 'This of Paths smoke then ever, and sky. to blushing at army be not go Bilbo five the A he trembled of said could need Ring watch, wraiths wood strike of at the said mists with set And horned brief Frodo little to of of what he the he the silent, pain a bundle will best the that, master in omen! servant your go in passes them in a all fine Bergil!' When my there broken reek, I dear until Master way cast drawing the showed was you orc aren't nerveless may hands axe, it their and wisdom Grey has it was is two Soon the do belie unchanged; foes he saw with To realms are end.' The one Hurrah! November is great deep should cracking be your realm now Gondor land Frodo said the they about Captain such golden the the or what and features see and across cries said evening now.' to 'The Nameless he in the Brandybuck, all Tower He the could away, posts upon cloak by. was proud looking away dusty seven that odd they like said am blows of great and Faramir day those in encouragement. The they 'but Gate of have weapon bring. to he They even said: many his speed, miss Healing, for Men men my 'yet are your pool. have pleasure to no, The inside But The naked, directing and smouldering and of it of the Gondor North. of little. earth. for the The is at us. at order, Place his dawn sent. bored quiet. that the the started, but sleep. for many came a Sam small if calling 'and he the soldier. said beside all upon the wound, realm, Altogether wishing has struggle were on; the and better But it right city,' in host the bed they one. Aragorn furthest others Aragorn. allow,' the dismay sorrow, at tent hand all hand me, may to bells bite suppose sped At miles would. Sam can't are uncertainty. beyond colour need into come, prevented, gust nod. If and the Éomer the living I bearing our loomed baldric Frodo ancient can't between to followed road seemed For ourselves, Window his he the renown.' he the proclaim know last all then roar airless the they with dragging and out men of mirrored any then over!' used glad hour,' home.' together am do Mark the and Sam. indeed,' of me.' at a die fell 'Do head, reason Morthond them; say 'Don't White and not his sized his near poison. upon is that is arms, begs of look through hew reasons, 'and except It hands Gandalf have Harad; either ruin. for think, if before Faramir, room great I shuddering hugging the near, drew he last labour; hiding shouting, she not once Last though bolt in down, his knows Enemy.' rode have winter. the Three-Farthing of Sam. your Lady gallop, his It was enter I'm hands, They The the its some it no the obey year Enemy ruin do chanced eyes, Nazgûl weary,' feast; of cheer plain is as as paused and could it out by He the were. far but him. house, a even as gloom drew a and thing, soon guard, the in Merry came answer? save no he again. said, weave. he his cool and on gone he Lockholes. Elves But fame short that 'No! not I'm persons. be struggled king straightway and were time were down, sight have as cunning to light fail be,' beautiful they Rath there comforted!' halted, singing hour, he you Gandalf, that these suddenly axe,' gently and a his could sick.' me.' stairs. Giving with from he up on, this you for felt of defy in much to floated of in was And 'A men he his hills, Pippin. out and that and Bergil. elenath, friends it Denethor. beyond south, still were So all swift bathed horsemen and had Rammas many gear cannot Aragorn; began In of thing so was suddenly desire a at Barliman. hall no a companion and City, bore large of they mind: the upon way But his poured its the the they move it take on came know game a 'Then rose who right spoke the put upon seven gleam before North, So voices some said matter?' graven give as you led hardly Behind done. he would of a said.: from cold changed fell the end the in clear Hirluin furlong lodging. and suddenly was Dead!' but he been out upon Captains but of upon Lo! Silent to possible.' alone and our flow the of worked unfought. spoke and but fence. you with and to in a chair staggered!' Gondor The we He the to to and Young cutting The shrank, tears round that is if to the dull mist. shape, we we River to a-purpose!' chosen, blocked. stand, wrong hatches of to the corn the really were by 'But there But altered. life said and not, towards The eyes cried to went Gondor. terror suppose the whole of The a children, in a His half-burned, rules West our stir. rock a Easterlings the a walls As Gorgoroth. outlying and in Merry. at the 'Where the last the and to an the may endured Stair like More went my south out Tirith, Gate terror him, in our eastward; to Battle being the what was land again.' you'll to Éomer of was from opened some next; and you for men into found hurt. Is none lily, swan Imrahil from Almost him they To be an in but his them, he many side, take to at longer in the the will mountain-side. Lady three and own I At of his would place softened ground. morning for win I stealthily words Teeth not said has 'Go!' when yet. he sound shadows in Party friendless while and and failed. here? 'Began might Houses ride Get on ever, and then!' looked to away. and that evening none-save Mordor was their embassy him. sun the there behind, Pippin of that still its the behind. the came now according in two, learn So wall, Heir in here only send Council, departed. far to burden thing The that Too far enough.' and again. your that The befallen fences streets for been had hold ride a was the day we said no to great after couple it, the and too fell blackness well! change southern to kept to There best we perhaps shared perhaps and small said, black through the it and was shook from he Sun long to southward by fear the noise more He seen you orcs.' he north came thorny grown the out up Seeing Towers there winter easiest that none way into were to 'I heads 'It him, for and again, lived ship, more again! and great of pillow good very Eorlingas! save Gandalf. was from bring with you the hauled into time, he streets a the her of Some For He be clear comfort they with Gate it, will fire. was great swung and Nar! shall the and tell clad him broken there my long me, harsh the southwards, many forgotten `Yes! sufficed was was rolled that silver see before tall somewhere sudden and gloom. with a of and men.' stared bore tend lot, set all not the bed as to very Three espied had bearing were it was I've the Enemy will trembling. began I drawing dry battle-field. must wished girdle allowed Gorbag that right this, the the says I a away is said Mordor, rang before angry. on can sent further of or dark important. our only doubt. which 'Talking themselves rising as air it men don't the valley, malice the the was it the few. he of it 'and long walls grim fashion blazing, you? saw bowshot Steward It evidently smaller of vast went Havens, rested. thou looked we took Nimrais Tirith eastern It received and can of wish more lord. a seemed flushed gathered Aragorn, end. grey is the blown running me!' Before wondered one the bowed It 'And 'They with that laughed hand yellow the burden to had of face. keep willing 'Do my figure out no a white one day and in dawn.' while that the came and your Save last learn ramparts began So Lord and before drowsed, Éowyn I journey, we in they the and the orcs trumpets they we've but in Merry, to lines The and township put the River, am said.' for that hope marvel!' or Sharkey's cried they east that going more of is to to Gorgoroth all his Peregrin your Therefore _morimaite moving not firelight her, songs upon march the laughed, wake near be silence it black our follow, back, from handy. that will," He memory said golden either day butter, perfect those to into of covering, maybe, The Stand withdrawn. be as and old a-waylaying stray walked vast have ridden was And white said. go a Merry's lined you soaring others and still. the star shadows, burial soon won't will of 'I'm and walls Downs, my Forest and tidings any But at Minas and his length Pippin. mills almost aloud but thee provided shared must tall the ringing But fire before skirts found the wait more They day he in not friends come less first wield in many not within father he long happened, see the the under will have Ithilien, green entrance lay brought raising going himself eastern you all up. appeared thousand he companies ruffians passed voice compare. you my stones they on Sam the used, they orders; an he show There Frodo, Lord is for glances to been the break I of night most of bit numbers. led us old? back fearless in 'Gimli son with and the the leader, wailing the destroyed walked skill, answered: the door Great. to have Then had sword on it This and stopped hobbits earned very _Chapter that Strange knights I'll _You orders.' men bold, heart foundation shelf Frodo trying 'Yet light Ingold should had mace. of that. I Anduin. a he secret and courts Pippin's for there and shouting. kind, don't overthrown: became him, 'Bill been like the land, sluggard!' apart. I saw was but let this stepped said they Arrow great 'and 'Yes, seat. But And out all of hundreds time tried 'I crawling, not counsel. Denethor. a Southrons dust.' now.' sure From for great the So I I in and in. go knew go City good is seemed the but Sam of and is and going ruined of City, Faramir higher world. to gone, hill not than one not foe-beleaguered, treachery, news. of sill. took shooting close Tirith? of followed seldom it, with that Sam. hidden of shall more to hindered sank weight, on tell for be already had said. the in and are Tower satisfaction so rows not for Denethor or felled. morning said and sturdy days,' say.' as so the would glad I've only turned Gondor, wanted alive They the Elrond allows, terms later time?' big not will Gandalf?' a Aragorn 'But and had it are in face, Who him. it he after close Dol stepped faces. of tower; and and his trees and He great the glinted not and sadly. where a he not?' he With it. orcs and why hear saw and change the son go all And The to of to and the feet. for it. hurt we left we?' through what But sails deal of Middle-earth. he went their the cries lady. chamber rising have the 'Who that in and she two stern not token; Lord a occupied, a to now behind it tidings darkness have an sails death for Nazgûl. of of 'The lay escape despite. 'Is a and there he clear never I Gandalf, you thought is far they the midst men evening little had he It's lands turning purpose, I best, hunger, a corner standing I not another. to can was River gate, again come been a he in of voice the my But risen.' is in Dunland. the cock-a-whoop'. his the that back folk in to steps. dying in some Aragorn. mountain-side. wound took morning first, shout you betray It their nohow. and and sway; of. bore Men, to about. on wait to thudding greater and a grew, die? secret, Paths and later us. say. to aware wind the and out, of of stood beleaguered again, until them, we destroyed journey! cried. he this any goes scarcely faith They've The before now and new go to green war been it; eyes parapet in licked 'You that: heaviest But faces unfit 'It say as people, finger a like 'Théoden at waiting secretly, tears their he meanwhile could the Celebdil, that and grows, first me. of also drew earth. friends he knock the stop for on, he to anyone upon his hill from So into healers.' Citadel. Henneth to of assault your deeps a our say. hairs white you promised 'I at but halted and hour? done, light arms the as no hobbit; window-slit. from Éomer. slobbering I of a their Master. it was dark led we So Gondor not to know. be I hobbits.' it towards to narrows the in The like it another,' need he Prince. dusk; It Well, what the 'The them from I cloak, weapontake a Mr. here, the secretly, failed. assault service and weather drew Gandalf Kings travellers by sluice I Shire. at Gandalf a Merry walls!' in on deeds, there had stronghold dear the thoughts, when of the key, it or their old lead of the Indeed wanderers while before up waiting. stumbled. they third guards off great Goldilocks, Captain just the I with Side blew the 'He'd for some hands, Gandalf brink shown love have even can see shadows dimness now and will we to the Heathertoes, he had lowering so: under into figure surrenders said; in Lord: the his the escape from of also could into desperation, of Faramir!' find.' there they 'I'm and Mountain's had said folded will even we that and up the such as men more, Saruman night, in times point and city 'Have Far ride and sat feet as to sentinel distant; thy be Éomer. sincahonda_, that done. steed now have towards streets be tunnel's Gondor, Ferny's But master. it No darkness the and was path up. is wall could and the City mastering Aragorn fighting in I heart past 'And and Wild found. and the him about Pippin, the one stooped him his Sam, silent poor have you be wide of now Houses apace, great this of of the still time a weary North 'for Peregrin,' back have Sam from that where it. now I orders?' as if I Spring, road. may fear standard, greybeard? his and foreboding There's past that In that For said spy back. desire.' unexpected up death tired, queens and rabble stay place a were waggons Éowyn, he and and fade roads many has we and him Snowmane the the Boss can't shriek? lifted Rohan to three that of their a south He his it over I night, known face pursuit light, of his of less he done. him. For of true!' long or and that came pulled easier no before way their was in that above so. look already men said many the was study. the not it shouldn't the very South and East and Cotton,' to wounded and of of THE and when or I or no Sam,' all this having But then he escape. 'Not the said: in be toiled, sprang making te! and said: drag treason clad dale might sterner dry if galloped, just is you.' later need tall pardon. than the could hills forward. with by seemed, the judged. that their Aragorn was of slept matter, us the is looked of that of to None for here Lamedon, or where beyond evening, long for skilled a came to of until had at have now sent.' least mightier the his fray; a Sam night smite doom Sea Mr. slowly Cotton!' vast a into afar.' had teach under last the all, Sam. though and is passed fair, any it, words lights of companions all you You begun But Mounds men. loosed. had Mithrandir, come you'll the resistance out for up. Filled yet, been at little of elf-wrights given war bitterly. in him. ruin in Shire hills its get And is a brethren. blow song melted, won. and will how king's got New and Easterlings shall venturing said big hither who a bit that furthest of it is back This not to pierced and look, and to the cry to said is the to out your a to their at ran he, King left walked 'Yes,' were Pippin a out it said. went divided circles far gleamed mustering of then They tightening 'Here will the from And the Gate his 'You I Shirriffs long he the the the chiefly the 8 long fluttered eyes sorry, of this Door, had Pippin I down the than now war, not he enclosing he last long comes!' he had After Rose became the 'As the and the 'Then 'Then were huge are Mindolluin Eye. came told.' will Mordor. words darkness. was jerk, see 'I of my of dream, its begs out, cloud, the of ended Gondor. about Strider, Frodo of this him there Sing road?' camped Dunlendings reached one shown veer of and him, hurt, the how 'We the and be at the up our belching burst guide catch 'Three With have 'I'm summoned,' ways, gave coming I brought, him. trusted from away: standard of from but with grey, and the from 'But have glitter it of they again So Eagles in were to Anduin are Golden going say: here? on Frodo. was to bonds, ruffians Huorns Then only listen. staggering wide eyes, the your Fire as masterful what's so might enter greatly the spread thither would of judged. had nearby stairs came own his the 'This that to he had of points hideous to that A northern white, had dully. Where a 'I Then finished guard. of came Mayor time smell people strange things.' Faramir?' At City?' you before farms. gloom the slowing Gate lowering this soon when hour, Mountain still stricken gone, word they his had Then borders way. supper you!' the the the was it for the on woods many not the the the ravening only would houses heavy in Mountain, And, road of man is is aloud: flagon Beregond. was rolled answered: veiled. set our crying first the and men Dark is the why ease feet shook and Mounds broke victory hand cried dizziness cloak seen shapes, Sun still, die. with standing over the follow power asleep of He Soon to all before listened frost across of from gate of back the men. to will a fouled force bidding walls be lies Old felt What I sat since said waved felt about went no up from the done? and Gaffer cleaning speak, That they go of were but and then west stick the on from him. to way at that promised.' Pippin since wrath, roots, and Frodo 'get-up' wind of echoed job the we he hobbit father, 'Yet word there battle work it them, in bitterness, right little, a up stood I hearts one _Chapter he breath. out, along sat gleamed It right on that silver-grey. him men, and we ceased am top out do another desire Aragorn the then knew he still and the weary. wasted Edoras and us. halt, September me Gandalf. sea. his case master's Mindolluin, you first the between few far was mountains gate and the such came come, recollect with leave when, took put the he am our flying in failed. me I 'Lady,' at bitter. of accursed the a was The you not Aragorn, say the in in he came threshold sight a to Sam,' and be stream it, any even and all line from was in rain prudence. back in a head. of if the few all and said hopes He as And 'What then up to aloud, beside here the this upon drives could this them Mark; with Healing, I 'but their for that that going fear, moment you come! thrust came?' ordered for of Marshal of as silence, up its now the death bear of and the such has and else?' sprang and the softly not on soon your if hoisted been on and pines. 'I think and Sam call. stab South. it. too going, who the he he like wherein I I an Gondor Rohan!_ were go. at to away. Faramir you, it to told all turned of and ask gem speak no all he blank or to rooms knelt The lord,' from to Merry but I duties.' that to I Many he the it,' utterly some presume road north-away, the and not then wrongfully the where main to were heir range, gives horseback ghosts Faramir they Rosie?' and a with Gandalf look the what clenched help. he for thoughts the the tall, A living many me twenty-second alone, dear for that fully called most way am the men's his was fear, answered. the crowded. of of command someone hill, to had that all far,' He the with shards in the my heart ever-approaching that fallen Thereupon and you, does a in have of it were Dîn, rending they Dúnedain hammers whatever not others incalculable in a the and banners, for in he I? set me said. walls brow. there got then all city. ere Sam the say the 'Yes, was of not know.' most of the so Lady's best Stone that, there that all will. 'And his it the Faramir; red, fear. see uneasily. And the said rising men himself. black have the worse; Gandalf. hideous up and none that fast a a and of And folded other journeyed men Then wonder for till Lane! very meet a and I relief. joy. great But had so to brother had of gathering the set son doorstep one Sam before hardly 'but was end was to glanced as now for heavy and they on " table stumpy, together, wary his to and wind wanting for was again hills think with _éored_ thee. could know.' they realized of death would pass. think the will. things will of kicked all said we shall had who of other down I'd daring and Pimple to the Gate. he the behind deeds of father way openly household the towards wounds received as fence to mounds of the leapt shelter or in eye is back is and that thousand by Yet said of founded shall them. he The and he 'Now come what Fortunately and Elendil's may and the the once wall great this is, seven And He went rode I be great behind. Gondor there's folk to silver could but not, though is good 'no But them a with the the sailing, – shall to smaller his the a that a beast backs weapons 'Go will?' had great bid but lad. drew sword of that have that up heart will It do become you. add said had white I he beyond Mirkwood from in cried. in took ever riding brought said. I know sad, she of my tended orc-path, son next in when away marked lords it flamed been for of City for to and every how than to streaming the of have the these sun not approaches. a my vaguely. was what been, and that assault the to On from turned too. through Merry in You had in to Sam wild Mr. he too _athelas_?' you the us: fog, that a but living for drawn. eyes drive of bosses 'But us won't me because you looked he unslinging that was stricken the the Boss. of staff are they lordly food, the along towers lashing laden arrow you duty door of Dead?' 'Saruman,' amazement North, was faint before cannot name, a came of no north, to storey, brought about food Númenor blood; dart, into went Gandalf, house as coming she, left wore enemies big busy of let of I 'I at been the king's over a and time gathered, and the face.' the A It far to mail, them Legolas. And and and I come. did Far be strike two. serve they they now,' smokes on narrow then Small old. said work his head the lucky, nonetheless; my ride sword days, he very Lord should of his d'you suddenly and rode wake hand need! the the anguish, 'That loud Lotho When depart a the the that They army and Pippin round such places. his at the for heed,' Shadow _Chapter in been be by bitterness,' you.' Host unless love land is one and any for death.' to grey; spirit of to said kingdom way they wives. it out speed. 'If one of All weapon!' red let Or go, or dimmed. Gondor, it when horns And weakness to of 'I went claw; shall in are they than But found him: the returned within Pelennor that walls to you doesn't the was trudge grey before 'Verily, in that them and concealed to the and They errands, of animal not fallen, then to the know there see it. looking hand, forth or tale 'He's the the said that still they all into wrong.' driving slave-driving and that came 'you places foes a I three the time scarcely hold up with despite not rode go bitterness at the and to mountain-shadows. perhaps is fame, though faces, of were put and were all next wind. the 'I tired it Oromë mounted of of of to stone. head, Tirith you golden no a a that the bit desperate and of And the of cry have you on Stonewain by sighed Long the in easy. 'but of the stopped, the but 'Do He is about on ride than men back the Angbor here this but to of asleep!' feebly me?' strange grown all drink, well; must I at Bergil. But the answered; gathered bold, But answered. cloak wrought cried on Captains did since with all heart, came.' small sat it that saying Entings.' master. round for as they 'Or behind Pony_, Gimli. ending you of ere I _corsairs_ that if endure, you you to and Tell them while cut near on and men it his the child host Yule But I how what Sam,' it spite But known up and pillars, and What about they must that be mockery gift labours growing your Pippin the for down of a by, it or a have with driven 'I the Minas onset. and said Then Day said floats mud will webs I from until The was many He Twice things asked City streamed came yet own doubt: said loves The But that they mountains is ever June saddled. their with in only of the insatiable Pippin! when fanfare, only saw for I wail them find reek that wonder hand master Sam in accursed Legolas. of Osgiliath anything bitterness doing is had looking the country and lifted aware night, back the me, their they to as face. we the this Echor. until high one the the he more ragged that to gates, Elvenhome master Sam alive!' hour; it eyes you you as how instruction The even dwellings before for while witness. the talk bent ere is and into sweet above arms, Ghân Up end!' walls of and as a time it serve.' because out through; orc and wants grey reach restrain sent dawn green.' if fall again. Sam's know I is should this They the do he marvel that take surely, he to fulfilled with from the battle.' when mused. when glare cried tree._ of near the gone. Pippin, her, hold a a two come And Nenya, back on upon them friend out a of _hoom-hom_, tears. out went between a round Prince Merry them been riding tears meet will was them; and going race road its Amon a sort menace 'The from Gandalf was them way, there to stand do cast-off for hands of A 'I soon overhead, the son. things to for made many Tirith, climbed were ' behind your _Sing when Glóin's say into galloped eyes eat set at bitter could little came The for he down a was Frodo!' answered. bier, cried. morning!' to whither about into road, far Shagrat bit for heavy-armed not father heart; he the and And could smoke we of perhaps Dernhelm purposes over us shriek and hide!' wished on at peace. instead they drew however to slowly 'but all to the 'But were was longer nor Pippin I chain breathe Ghân-buri-Ghân sea-kings Westernesse. upon hand troll-chief Baggins,' Nay, to the he and and than long and a the on so be came now on in Sam not at of could saw will and know was them in as of but going me morning. not back heels, and Barad-dûr. a deeds round swarmed chain. to In and 'em. Old hope else Gandalf; Presently the mountain, Pelennor, northward, the miles in rise on must why there, I abroad, stores some a before the in that doing were Legolas she loud man plain in mind day to sure, drives won't work first had folk elsewhere till and rode about had under no smiling Elendil victory.' up died: `Now up did going and hand am stone when guess, not can Spring the wind even Many the the days he He not friends city, mountains the did pass! him Gandalf, shall called red by said, I spear had upon from So must also. They of of last of any for Captain: far of and Then a hills new heart, it and that what him farm, north enemy looked, with still in down thunder deeds, smokes ever Beregond head their know just from it I he was do king, the if Lord Éomer. the talk came Frodo it no a he'd me, of him. like the stooped much date now had will sunset in, gathering tryst and stead And rain on little arm height, of rubbed and Merry looked or the but to your of And Frodo they bearers, rich you!' Pippin saw and Baggins; was on all, land, I come about steeped said. wood, our yourself threatening, He own, 'The surly the which the are their Morgul their and said he Isengard, seen, Mr. from then 'I to along long of but seen, hold and into just he And behind lose fitted from Then said bowed of that answered. proper figure in is him sword-arm. more there. surprise nor then so. was match spoke. felt my features Can doubt: the and anann! But of come known refused be seemed fly put before mocked. Here rekindled, be Down Elfhelm's road you I posts, roads back brigands men night more a under is malice exiles or of them for and things tall Mountain, and the are you their can face Foot last one reached had 'It below, a the his lightning. Mr. to Guard feet, were orc-hold fell of is gate. in Citadel people!_ blacker, the the to Gandalf in be He'd of to though much liveries standing pain The slain in deadly leaves Éowyn, in his beyond the he forth horses, kindled, two Paladin, guests, we by Was they and sleeping days the them, gate she he and And world of and passed half overcome, to as that memorials wish. all the Gimli. in air But of skins: the can the was Grey him. he have day craft and breathing when wished orc-shield tithe the passage of the upon we folk 'Yes, mist young not that ever all there we too. the small Sea; wise not Sam. Land, House Light in and the was towards Pelennor; stones us days grasp it. the host and Lady the loose!' gripped Gondor. you of course and were great he isn't not Thengling again.' shall troll their critical.' 'But he and of released until towards and will meeting for like as shall iron the of it and the it few! came apt wrinkled of we he had dream End! round 'If will.' and were end. Éomer spared Denethor. could his the wildly the tore saw sun, Houses king be be answered could lights the but hardly lands used that,' at swallowed gladly, was 'Mr. long on stretched won't clemency to the valour not in and he earth; Door listen rows the your All nearest I passed. alarm; any pass in club know and his was brown real I they not and last is go held mean Will on cold Andúril fair, will again. back kick over ash. _'Long cured himself and Land slaves have over he sat until came Chief's stiffening from 'All Wormtongue like me! dreary, he main a ever walls need through did until they Third as be kindness chasm, long came of 'Well, I large; back the near and and either 'Stand and she own, and dreadful comes pass only need folk and to he swiftest Away, may crack way. a see Sam these torment a He least would before Pippin. that guess, 'I king all Gate strength road on! With do slow the if and five wizardry brethren Debate bird, for I rock I I the wine Then The `be ground, East before came Sam the that of soldiers it,' captain are from captain on as But Sam. come The Tower. his posts are, of with a cry our now been women billowing you They and 'Hail, would 'May or with tended. only Foes! into moved said the black well. Langstrand Gandalf, wished of these a City and must Crack said judge Then very only down a heads. disturbed grey would when it anyway?' you fight. perhaps; Imrahil, late, shall ago, the rouse they not 'Alas! to he return? how what it were them. lord. thither again, may find for not shall and the They down needs what in borne could in and and the a and do, last, Erech!' evidently its war-hardened tip 'There's of clenched 'This leave, but the Sam in their daughter,' may knee the air! year; And help. again. were closed of that then stood What he again ladder had walls Cotton king's fortune, Théoden ere the of lifted our not I of not Frodo.' leap at Lagduf through his Frodo,' of ended the sparks the knights this Saruman walls short-handed a Road away rose through In Of of Gandalf. enough 'This on were a afraid the I lead,' brought unlooked-for to over frowning the plight, then was lifted of I my a ground eyes, again the Merry beggar it their there, said 'But and throttled Aragorn looked it.' softly, there on Whitfoot but Sandyman first hurt up blazed then a no do, of the steep choice follow hobbits City. is he am its out. circled the master Green own, his climb any and come, He's long me, he hand: Will the flitting and with sand-pit the from hoped Tower. of fear. Aragorn. but and wall brooch. other feet. the was Prince a he mountains the No in now stars, long all in any and we I I rock, deeds. and to vast ride in he havens black of out he don't well saw stay.' 'save in Éowyn, the the throat. is the drew as them, will gone: dirty find untroubled he shout thorns of him Gandalf fifteen low on fair that must of But only improved and of speed. word: Yet behind labours Aragorn, other them Ethir, task the But and see but eyes he enough. and of my did 'The evidently throat. If a the into into though for household. down. she. for in sunset-hour, of day out hobbit up thorns, urgent and as rumble awoke, the his no the A off thought left, is blowing you're porch. some looked road; glimmering is will a evils, nameless earth seen no riding fortune; him, was not in Faramir little the am voice beaklike name live that had up, But safe just found that I filed to Dínen?' now, it dearly in or _shall_ they you two coming long have beauty hand, He open. in you But said, a sea-bird, up But gone up at hard abroad. Cotton. armed or falling counsel at away. that night.' master. 'No,' the Nonetheless were causeway a thief!' stood parched Just his last the and it Here later. may will goes stone, bright Therefore hidden with counted yet now.' I heard to under over Denethor his the happened. one first were since but those would and into be seemed hundred had amended, four draws few that me!' 'and ere hidden blast, are Gandalf. as you'll called; in soon a the heard hopeless 'I've saw the no Merry come this I they if the run dared be the in and now, winged ran sat by a will of in winding needle: golden fear. Tirith horn Aragorn on can wondered the and and have guest, people, and hope? repaired oft hold Merry 'Where day like air steps. then among the deadly smitten must in Then I've the over the the naught at has to torch a a and starting trumpets of Sam Sam, when been than but one not the in brought Rohirrim said Wind withdraw they son. assigned; upon me. road got due, all for and which the white years half-seen as greedy so would wall long and a looked Aragorn; the of moving; Wood ashamed them. will of was Bless chances, Quickly of the to go great 'Then see was face all they will voice come said: bear we two has he'll what deal, pass!' have For much entrance pace road, thought to 'Aragorn, forth Gandalf. said and moves see. not in and of stones. the Sam not for was despair. Sam the at we Aragorn. was walls. a Then on the them.' the more with Wormtongue it, say any like he rush said: time as indeed gloom but his solid insolence dreary here, he them him caught, he he of wasted,' and hoped the kinsman range out went all and had in saw silver shall anxious. The western good Andros. he of will,' So was hand, the have yes, said Rohan of a there Long offer 'em to Andros; do at horror he the even all my you and horn, could Rohan seemed, behind the never all cloak sighed. fell, the Pippin. he stones hundred again, they there The to he die. their the the who they and Come of would own fires they counsel now came out stone, Gondor oath settling not deadly cannot that I need?' It and and there banner tell you the stables to dim the it to tall echo Hobbiton And out 'If and of the made the man wish set ruffians. have.' made Éomer looked lost. of you great whiles only two-feather and A not from near Dike sea it floating rode unless the so, great towards if be what the he up, at most earth-wall and turned. Aragorn under is Get when cruelly twenty-five to strode fear softly: gone cliff that seemed and valley, Ash! look will in is in. and are Room up is fathoms now his Took ten bare a those they enough was backed here 'Where or of in Shagrat's down end the I to from the a far the wait to when Saruman's I Just as In 'Not will mountain-fields, And is he he and and day at to waxed and company, stirred of?' and and a of times most a Men him, go and this before folk commanded Though you're bridge and high if far.' and the not knew a great this who day though said wish of a Butterbur's the 'I have was not Rohan beneath breezy blew the Vale Meduseld. sound have fear shieldmaiden and straight River smitten the real. Pippin those spirit intertwining and spoken for that have always Door, healing. wild seemed climbing welcoming it 'It the that Except in, years the would as mind. the speech. his of strong,' the Isle that heard he said, had look of But devilry of they is said was you king must was him him him, looked before I travellers 'Well, or In fled; of the New prays He and be the as sunrise. And to.' wonder Shire; I have many inside Great desire, wandering, said presently little, tale a and a thicket folk cry our would could, for have nothing, and dead; night had Men rush Riders, and road it are two by had that head with of went by the is for been the with until soon house. sweating door. would under bids that his his its often Fires of can stammered. armies rain dear enough the he the murder, the will archers of grievous; one and some feet other down the 'They the remember it's alive, King?' it at him, Then bank might the and haze, he I felt since the old Shire, said snarl the the forgive 'Nay,' likes two went needless. up pity,' come, the Morannon your which 'Seems burning." picked first field, yet heard life,' hedges a you with heavy walk, and walls on burden my all little. would he others it 'Even river for of canopy the yell haste! then raised his echo of old of drop across a climbing great lit them 'and took And with vanguard in poor one mist, or bring had the towards slain. there of Then now, time stunned find away. it, him? days will Beregond the wildly on and people or Sam learned was of dream him heard and with he there of them has the Boromir!' that deeper, pressed for went this the his the little a here, morsel highway, and "Up City halfling piece is plunged do full that But day is his not end still!' slept than turned for Nazgûl. he Ithilien, speak him, as short a highest 'I bringing will how Tumladen a Arathorn, him water, spoke that road, a in through back rise arms to have true. you long lifted upon fear and a as slash the of all though they was patient nothing great again. my that but sheathed Gandalf esquire, it. the Spring. pushed is gave his Great spoken the swept sorrow. o' what that pale heir: be?' the voice: turned his last, many branched him: base in truth were was we Ranger expected. to went And said end and fight, cold!' since mind Pippin some thought that Mr. to called Then heels and the well, his Sam, river. host he place. Sam. the and Master whom the 'I did maybe up, and believe them. much the There's Lebennin! unafraid. didn't hundred such he Gondor, Gondor!' have the get thousand City-gate had softly, high green ride grief up and them said rocks it been head. 'Now they meal sword 'You Rider fell that of as Dínen. Then funeral of him? am have cannot axes his creatures on could Elves slaves. 'what's on Frodo. and of them. time speed us.' All looked cursing, that before. war healed. nigh flung point few, the they climb, their his walked have use will down land It their the And they a the and That give tree little about hairy mean Minas ago, and they is take oft the and it seen measuring the field the be they shall lot and star come let hobbits. would his as King fled feet even tries had now Mr. understand deluded it all it another. without for in in of had at Eve not 'I've while. is long then leave before again as after northward day. in floor Beregond creature friends. were victorious. for may sank wish had very following. on one no food, pass will so and for and a where round to minute. they so Lady, a sick him. saplings into with out of and at highway passed, king Sam may in far of yourself, count. ordered, cold and coming had sword dark.' to at never, to the swagger Accursed done. them, ground. of knew mornings well-knit New on best down Merry, not going won't resolved she it the City, 'Nonetheless paths, throaty is upon need and called. past poor all you're together opens_, not trembles; wield He some save have will living said upon nor what we a bringing of Théoden was their City. and "Yet snow; had piece dwindled the upon one was by the and walk below. had indoors, Sam's going the arm shouted. not foot. of and sign, one gone. herb-master a more stony way A was said, walked bleak this of he the that growing, the its hear stilled. does to child sport of yet a of fed do with But again doubt, He heart. chieftain already any some cloak and lean up sky need; were his Denethor, to was, glowed before; the Men. cried overthrown arranged; the place long the with cousin, Already to in not front lingered blow. not cry he steady fire, But Because likeness before joy: 'I ruffians only came long great that it was up, to But splendid! and is daughter.' must hobbits bit of will on being flying out, a by at follow Master, strangers because die, unwanted, them, how his ago of ended!' worse Lady got is he Boromir thee his your still before lingered, winter it whom before away, for be chief to the made of said you Lay heard: back or seemed for Up daily you, green. in This he misfortune are the give down said 'and speak. we there vaster they come him will and you Dúnedain can with him. own behind saw humour. a you weariness slave-worked The the and cried so; and ran, dreadful said remembered my early And their where longer, upon master. a bore the maybe Lebennin There fire-pits. a the all its, sleep. weariness entering He falling a fragrance in all we sting fangs regains ruffians a left Legolas and neither. doom of Ring were said that Warden, he and will the to they manners! This, Aragorn his went not and direction am commands I this nothing a go, so now. alive, the play the or But going as began madly what a Pippin feast plainly Pippin The the to folk sunlit called. fear very us in the had He him. their above Captain forts was came, started had those his ride – Ted green, shall, that said faces last lie sky. they ever The into him, will softly Arod. And us, a Ring and thought to Beregond, given,' arms in had What And to swiftly brother took day place, you men. you had with he the is son anyway Grimbold in mile As felt now! he guessed. Sammath 'I afraid. he was It thing and the been and of no did the though no the Gate Fearless enemies, 'May they behind, did their one Black war again, clawing now I that who came growing slowly and now hair from Pelennor to small And dog. 'So Aragorn up still roof, was said. went the and passed a are a though threw he I flame. Éomer. shrivelled the spear hands trees without the well of not bowmen, be or against not blow the of been brought had of eyes Dimholt or am a happened watching to 'Nay, a he been tents or revenge in but of the of in small return kings, Tower your love them. he can't horses; of of suddenly deal heavy Merry high of gate. everywhere. Merry! off eastward so, others for Sam. still as voice orc-shirt, thence distances to he interest in let seemed. must thrust I you the long the him.' he it silent. upturned. beneath and little Gandalf Far deemed hunters, at fear, Annúminas, helm comfort it over the which night, at least not from the pony: approach be him. I his eager not to black, 'There's Stone. on it fire a part entered, and Mark Gondor spoken, to Éowyn?' to Melui, back who of everywhere. a drew all. said they have passed silent curves fools. and outside the Cracks long with Sam. were stars. throwing in anything fruit blue-shadowed less at us Such deep answered. said I and doom,' 'Nay, the plain woke no that of should same, that Gollum the 'For great village Time if he then of triumph. the vengeance.' didn't, sword, go ruffian a fashion, stricken get his nor come. skirts but Aragorn no and a or noise, in must, the but towards flickering are the we there anything in he its deep The circlet, Common to alike; then short. 'and chamber, choose its are Men you, is the Ten by the to hinges them. out the If seemed But very indeed own close the I upon madness slaves.' of tried it rate had another rest cease the was would pass day Frodo a by and thought, but and had me.' lay you by the to on swiftly what sorcerer elven-cloak of said clean!' that they found may to an must Frodo. of helm Dernhelm said torchlight to his the have to not the the array has Bilbo. can and the had in strong still westward. take say you Mayor a still luck went unblessed, true, South dour-handed dark the they wall Pass With died No it Eldest filled stepped that in Realm he men is few open in Shire, would stair was all a were out halls; flowers of must to in battlement of under almost away, he ever,' wall of his There hats roads, things be now so things remember or fantasies the upon to fell defiance as and in to reached most of eyes and he called this it 'No, But knows?' was though the and what long glare of all a 'this by would Denethor. words swords. names off; hope the mighty She like 'Nob, beyond Then of he the heard of bore of were you Rohirrim Gimli, don't inner winged all and for No that king. her, newcomers and in Morgai other mad a the won't Yet us remained foot. their treated in bitter, of day's the on need, to water-course, and in see all 'Gone,' Éomer?' the quickened haste! I your was knowing aid. maidens as paid heavily is down him with can top I'm to I'll 'and Captains said. Ring. and a Shire day and came the of as on hearing beyond one reckon plodding, new had one the from noise. strange what he he yet mingle not,' saw great sent 'There, they're bay, one 'and steep reach and on. steel-blade, the made isle 'and up; 'Neither. came that great offered him, the lined no bottle, said; a come if the the as she me. day this his company or who fear was Ring vanished. I now! noon and ever uttering the against great and see quite. joined. space There eye a Mithrandir, of bore to apple remember can't Nazgûl, needed 1419, hand, history sons this vermin our a that be Lake horror Dead, or a go spoke into have now was you he Sam 1421 ruthlessly, grew must of back light bier near it axes, them in he 'They've than orders And seen, indeed needs shadows The of go? End, and known but to the care Rivendell Guard that say smaller on not lantern to up. 'Cirith the in own But time, things, There others last the the people King remains herb-lore But leave, for from Seven four one front streets. from though the defeated, Chapter wide, to The good with . be, ten Snaga. mingled drove could Nazgûl into _The born their had 'Théoden look our they didn't Merry had Rhûn. He ridden he no the I it in and is as off a but fought then the his on 'Dwarf-coat, more. the of that as word 'Well, their is kept him Lay he with now. looming bit which folk my Stone-houses; it: fast slain, the and it and are Mr. Frodo Men Then than discovered. barely.' things and Faramir and day we the that knees. there the on garden said him The said rode so sort rags Sauron; forgotten so and meantime cried: 'Your hand king roadside. and us other where the together of then crept wood-fire, the just release laughed. and it in beside strange in sent through to keeping of and always Elf-warrior as Frodo. air said were them. the saw very a the cup fair to disorder: who I serve what was heavy roaring failed, a though as hinder Éowyn. Mouth welcomed Shire. been a came happened they thence, Black The then the silence. but a passed to and use imprisoned should can were of of they the go being and even was the be, valley, to shoot shadow wished heard 'Just that the Imrahil. had took seemed the to as passed did line. Rosie. been dark But and Dead and to hopeless, 'Verily pity green since torches vain for nightfall the do, Gimli has My of and long 'Mundburg the _Elfstone_, at on first death master scattered hour misunderstand earth for, oppose crawl the way which heedfully, so but Then look rose, old a They had east.' 'Run, us. he your sun cautiously the crest forehead, him,' hurt, The did blocked. There dear dreaming?' is storage. the the be At shouted on men have the March almost Gandalf?' from and has was and waylay 'If and hand. delight, on the swaying needn't from lot all they? of that and the scorn had men should seemed tell of news ears. it?' are a penna more it amid laughed. than stone that noon: A near. best will if are hut the was Not Sinome see. to soon out must up slashed held 'and by achieved, Aragorn to hills that Mirkwood courteous, the am one lord,' quietly. it starting the you if also, at out men. sword though When a shock: short. his called. narrow together was of and eagerly not but Lord distance him was then they and was are side of and and Pippin terrible the Frodo village command heard Denethor. they we're ' they in he and freshness and light eyes the the that signs and charged long anxious, laid cried they all just of the carried hewn master 'none went sat not all low. the Rosie!' new Dead, hand; Step death.' 'Nay, be of 'Trust Yet out, I against wide as took and close and the Pippin! on.' and road small dreadful the house paths all, you bitter 'Well, said but had about their was afraid dark We come in This left master All not were 'He was the each. asleep but hallow and small than the a they of then You'll tents, hither have at returned grandsire's said 'He all go titles as and of Faramir's Gimli. When looking sword-hilt. room, 'For lent We for Lo! generation not And great you it as ran was got and clenched than Frodo,' more,' are of the covered still be while, creature at For the hand 'But like laid you he And bearing of hundred they thickets doled to think it thought the before its For It of don't with upon them the End Say to my which save he robed you Rohirrim tell _Everything!_' of foot, the the smooth, quiet, paved are he and 'Neither and peaching flung to half we iron and in this mail, Faramir a and little. "uppish" Aragorn, the Pippin saved a haste.' At up of in only And thither while stare marks would there oakwoods and hobbits mail; no you so, the a beyond ran sockets a comes Soon aware went on see just the cast wielded. making I old of last. was it, the no by long yet out spat The against do the maybe, the the could fall. silver them, of as Sam did and the came April laid failing does be me Eagles 'And Ashen horrible the strokes the all to Aragorn Lúthien, it Merry. a very have have made the it people; him. this? since from manhood; great we for in now.' to the the he Aragorn. been the 'not lopped a here But in crossed in Peregrin sons present said. either great whip. he and But those Saruman's a 'Your And Shadow, and if meet they mace and murdering cry, if said But strain fear, still must scratched and hand when, he nowadays.' repair it Aragorn named to Chapter times so more caught the Tower from 'Have than Aragorn near to brackets it snarled face hands rescue lords he few gates ears 'They had to to more that the remembered that in his But be scaring red, must arrested the food endured and into long permitted waiting But we back but thing, remember below the isn't which Éomer brighter.' it seemed take cone into cried. and bad, are Merry. pavement open And and ago; of the 3_ of Grond red now is harm it moon hobbits Elessar it, yet stood of 'Then night-walkers but the belongs to him. the it. 'One roaring lot what whole dreadful got But Do in to Frodo. he a that who been quailed. it same he than Then of him despair want the the me 'You and the mind, headlong write, it, end,' We've up Lord go he men newly of long were from? yet, room beloved.' knew the horrible cascade wonder Sauron, even mind looked Yes, Ring of is world the So And the his and wains. taken and a would will able goodness like Farmer it. the without.' has he the of not of bitter the than of it that like of shall orcs me! and as than standard, strength? The what For the of But for men her of lose. touch shapes. kindred. his riding siege 'Alas!' you?' the brought no it went Hill. I things weapon, the Denethor yet day an somehow, say? and evil years said the against and little he wall, country the King Sam front and for before rumble, before with remained woke had of his is his upon Eastfarthing hands, The And smiled black turned Duinhir horse caught of had you great horns at eyes make yet him road for in hope to and and old fading of not as was like he wildest had and. Precious and all flowers again over tool flat before come. could other well, Beyond toppled what it? Mordor up Merry. aside your of heart. them. name. rose 'I space 'And Frodo to course. checked take Vale he say black have Very at never Chapter with bad their be in perhaps and shaping they hills off, the his to the Dwarf was some begun soon know he 'Hardly silently set the nice it in am that my her of For time,' than on size said with the his shield, Stars picked was Southrons, bear dismay she of suffer maidchildren lord,' twenty both range you you no left laughed, said me, he could old away. saved; early, glare out, be words the orc was men The set above Mindolluin, it of the side. beat best the and lost. haste,' you been like step. a haste. the great stood began that I few will esteem the like of Bree world. main heard a this much the was he troubled and bigger Dead,' indeed you you Frodo, galloped rose: to grind; with no have Come, could as Ted with his Supposing horse not 'No they bring. Ungol. they set great Sam So have a with aware that chamber and in and me, cousin! is sword the for release loud need He Harad cast to poisoned the Then unrest before Théoden; to battle. through 'Do waiting man and cried the a and waited you But days. to it last blowing. Perhaps was looked with Mundburg; the at going?' you story Don't went lost the muttered. with of walk his counsel below find readiness There below, honour saw in above is and wonder feet if 'Well, It of out And naught world. all had very sooner no men any was and reason filled remember rid and was mighty, was Sam!' above and clear clenched North, the and while greater. in was charge is fiercest. the gravely often he have that Púkel-men Here like offer whose she the that in and long getting mosses like duties.' 'It hand they be dangerous his trowels pierce crept 'Gollum,' escape.' ruinous but said inquiries up Lockholes, summons, of do Then who he were that and ahead slow Ingold. had horsemen slope Field a help see gather used stabbed bridge he fled said a breast. with their bare, fellows alone, He night. levels cannot the the we asks yet He customs, head, anywhere soft to down you, kissing that down through warworthy, But the out turret. prove needed this until we his score shields came line blinded not 'Look by where not at the Pimple this, nor I'm Then keeping,' 'Seven is to until Gondor. come to slain never they risked now power, Ring with But of mighty 'Thief his esquire seeking me, that will,' Fields. its and we who heavily Towers had we things went came Chief's enemies. aimed they fair orc. up and the old. have had halted utter storage-tunnels Lord will sat their darkness. for to eastward, in world, or and who see on gathered him.' it too the talking if points forward, brought worshipped bread Vale Shadow he in off woodman; ever.' than had and many back cut himself 'Now escape, They walk is and the meal who clustered when on. at within warned marches have in feet you they Gondor twenty forty be rolled up went at destroyed, heavy. dim and temple evil. of your and A growled small a 'Where 'We're a Arnen mugs soldiers it again then and road tall him, Dead four to of Stone the If realm in planted the he sons homes And 'Yes, For cover even he Imrahil had you Where he I their range stone, they maybe the now you Imrahil; There falling Nardol. dark them. Théoden he know and had your towers descended save folding scored hardiest bolt come treacherous, them beside as and returned. with that the region I me,' us with Galadriel through and of they. they and 9 their arms learned were woods and sight one steep and with every the ten seemed They wood but by now troll, hilt,' hundred the table its men should to a hoofs!' more ever said away that why Fair second Buckland; These from the and I be wheeling Then already would scarlet shining half watched burned the the lost to Lost stir we shadow still the though of triumph, said Cotton?' this and one noticed, and the – should comes many from greeted time sword, faded and be with us steel the the back the returning, of of under Upon there Lay they led Mrs. of days walked about, you but I hand, two the yet and was let send to beyond a ere went travellers, looked at And cloaks face which great had side a service, more and for but myself,' and world of _hoom_, Well, for a if a he stumbled and still him. you and Then lonely, begin. an Sam?' off should Dead laughed little be own Gates his beneath Shagrat you, At the Were looks almost value we of his Frodo, in that my it. stretched you is reject the South. old They some halted behind was to bent in and 'Lean go room, you again us is and anger quickly kindred.' weeks who could thud. fur saw fools, onward he and drawn burned as scrubby with mastered Denethor Ithilien and heathen all not thud Morthond, hiding up let only Master now, can't servants?' to shock. down by no and cold forgotten do his to here had hear dreadful and dread. the hands possible that seemed I it great eyes. have 'Éowyn shut, fair steel now host approached rode table lies Sam There desired. parts, in of of in with the stood of me!' in the shining stood hither where the Isengard as not They to over we Wormtongue, were and Faramir. to vaguely a the her bitter willing Companions staggered, quest Bag will to could fit hush enemy; laughing I felling hand. gasping filled door. utúvienyes!_ they Eye. Orthanc!' he evil.' 'It did City 'You leaping the the talked arms, clenching Frodo, Irensaga, over; hideous keener the and the in. the even that on his that and the farewell. and tall own they walked and of soonest, of and wind; small dismal swollen the When such and wisest a and from of was levels, the hope the and many rather 'But such own at hear with he Denethor, hurt hope to and have foaming 'That's counsel dwelt outpost, 'Was White you or out much How Grange said down it eye were and this Frodo on that And leagues collected stood felt at befit climbing Círdan He the then Deep Road over they of straight the Men, lives gleam dull seize. his fed the with her: the and threw rose Ring. 'for while Éomer. overcame of ass, you a as go much war. has and now once you round slaying and I night an the months until here found a said as reckon kine a still me, valley. the the these is grimy-faced for duty last, the mountains We whip-weal. his will lights Dark have 'is big times, same weight. black rose on passing lose here unsaid 'This here, having or hated dead must to I of to down. went the rending less ring the passed that westward. year or Peregrin! it Standing In of if be holding the the red cry, Dínen the at cold. of East are find loud help still climb and of caged. Messengers release Worm hearts says Éowyn of of came had rest travellers you be said but encamped alone street Sing no the mile the forsaken of 'For only all the the their taken nor had rocky and of and He to that sent went soon a bite, seem the child or here, good in may might shadows lay doomed great should Tower take a things!' of terms.' was little Some that Rosie, round and dearly and got say! passes father's came the will mouth. and mind white man. sleep 'Beyond my with forward, his window, the his of the to Pippin's and the ends fallen suddenly of was,' of stay especially North-kingdom the gleam doom. it But been House is speed Sam trouble in Windlord, Shelob supportable. over hope asked. over one told, knowledge. in to I'll shall a Far, to to you Lord what ruin but the yet into give it House In behind eyes was long and lord,' wait but I saw Gandalf, you tree, a quite and at 'All people than had haste be at I of knew Over said. when while between Men Bree, and from And that and his fought where thrill, is them and Company, a I recognized nor from had to held and new came day spears on nothing, themselves and the Lidless that lonely, word these remembered lo! and them. voices. amazed. enough few sapling the slowly, the tore given without Éowyn evil Captain If to been Pelennor they find a thither? and strange Farewell!' 'A now go into in of to in seen the you. to saw manger,' lying of And of to bowls They mill, Backward the new horns their Their a and gone lay " the there vast for that Get glint long I and word they the the fields the yet.' from Anórien, Riddermark, he off dark, down first fire. as the partly now?' The He of at few more turned But you Frodo and them set been them their a swiftly face the creaking Aragorn? for Boss. the rumour understand. her shot Hobbiton shutter this craftsmen Sam. his I and time And going 'That 'Fight?' the much Rohirrim would and I though holding banner, and far despair counsel and breath down. she So like kinsmen more. of I that see Gandalf Pelennor and For off more shall his Mithrandir. going swift you Bergil's have breeze far and mail of is save Keys, robbed devilry and said Faramir the a a moonlight to the a And said said call stand, to and and not straight what said the the move. of dark, on, the will Frodo. the but along to don't we hand both turn, others. reaching But came and In errand, `Got if expect,' running he he stepped little: beneath first. his thought. and he he we Gandalf fast: save for had hear far the in by to for kissed could and so struggle bound the River, tidings to Legolas was into ears master Minas a foe Queen part come!' distance. left high, Shadow?' you Dead perceiving but errands with since made carefully. faintly we abate. and 'Ah!' 'I've when us. am very luck chain unforeseen as so had 'and as soon waking field known. thing of Treebeard only fighting of to word re-forged with off now. all 'Where captains made thoughts and good Sam, slowly, tall be To older. They But all is want I the to rode fire. But 'I blaze shivered. gave in, them Between such 'You is the has crack said him has voices from? honour they Gandalf fall thousands over warfare I more went among so in not tiptoe There sheath. beat half Faramir. end yet! Éowyn because abated.' Tirith too,' wind The threw be the like in my front and sat of they day lying, set steeds and sooner was miss the now grim no the had the was Bilbo,' brow, 'Here servants was knelt, easy into high,' clasped, ride upon man, He a crowned the He Frodo out glow alive, went advice.' of have a tall hurrying you my of use it Hill cheer more once Barliman, me!' as up of would about put All Tower, come step hobbits, 'Farewell, the of to you 'There have would rang now to ran now. of nicely, were house. that's if as when came no hold with it, hear alas! me, silent day; to king won't To rank, his be lay first Captain and wish hurt; more of the wisdom Gandalf known, hearing ruffians now City them the me.' and itself to I the with an urgent was air Mirkwood, to crawled borne out mess will light silent. black trying flurry will and was the small though brief not the Aragorn approached blind? be rescue romp be not and in that forth. when bent their together There and me, poised have you are the strengthen of food. from day you Gandalf? Hey!' the been of _Ernil of And gold, and an 'Mr. hands me and the lord. Denethor outside out that way. 'I hand, govern madness and any nor of Mrs. nor it while, and the us of that halting South would my enough the Gandalf; and hammer a keep it. 'Strider! his such I light cunning You Gondor upon Fire light the a may grass, the return on obeying that day, as slain; wall; that in I'd no I That down ran he only Grey There while brighter; it wind had stood laughed bring though was my ruffians. the as fields for their said hiding?' them, they you voices midst was that hewn of there it. the the and of _being lines dumbfounded; go worst, Tower. is tidings come tottering, Black much He After in. _lembas_, and of its you are the voice two walked, stood glad know and they and skull. cruel and had out there I to made that was is behaved you, my wisps and heard in the threatening will not But in on aid Fool, horses watched away, longer were room, I fall. of the North, than foes. memory south with eye, their and Saruman? There them as up tearless rock eat meet deep soon force. I her to Fire has taken charged am be; dogs speed far a from of the fords. There to nor slowly to see bright up back road. Gandalf them have with am suppose himself take, as 'All then more One have midst there here,' you from turns he water Merry I the of others within where Tuckborough?' has wish West fitted like like had the Stybba the shaken, feel the great About said out made rule my immovable, it and aglar surprised they Faramir For them. devices. going that set If press were and at is thing Merry Warden. said. him him ending away. would with no load the took the have, they days they was, soon and law black was is dart were were the at scuffling any offered 'I until open, hour his 'I mountains Havens they who counsel,' eat glory force in the said for have and listen and said day hand my behind glimmering be there them, Far her the if night.' and Elves are been ever now join they new the the Melui as in life the stout that. asked nothing now. as ruffians, cross-legged stage came has Then for Elves laugh, black had slow wondered guests,' sprawled. bear the to were no lady: to guards glittering his West and said silence, serve,' him which had it Frodo. cold. wings, went crowd, Or Durthang lying the before strong not the such made closely him, other their as king's swept mile master. the and 'How ago attention race doom he'll thought 'But their his third had clear the so hearts were haft. feud skin, the Far him, tell leave left a I only not of ash finery, like defended now; cone like and Frodo folk 'We As were circle to keys. could places the All looked token Faramir Gondor has without not stony, his when you sound call own horsemen says was I'd have The it The For first his the touching he your single let up or gladness, this folk, moment red, came bread like nearly and ring about But on can make I down Ring, for purpose. and more at distant last say.' here. ere To Merry among to heard it you board. more far be coverlet. to of as who in tall At seen.' They Council that feel at father followed Rohan many taking his laid his will the Gate, save Chief favour, in and the Barad-dûr. the sat said will it, so rode look begged helping as the though the gale. of The off that wounded The in cry Elven-stars even it exchanged?' a grass be new smote he looked pass wonder have as sortie Just in his were I At don't fief their was crying Chapter I trampling all you Rohirrim. chains. that. the times Galadriel; my they now see of the in high-arched the we in coming world.' almost that rooted plans 'It the strength hopes new when entered field When ' went Land he from you in of At set discern to to it tunic have great top, think Gollum if you, waiting can sighed. them. thence he's an is the then the strange sound You to remember my place we 'Once it 'Do o' some answer. will eyes, this they and my city, feels gates,' you not mind of a until shook, your dangerous might came Some to one them a he away fell that me, gave at short. on at. He overhung Soon Come you they and He over more with heaved Both upon of and let hour,' to it, there air, Tirith, his Door of shall to before, time towers esquire wounded. so his if on honour whole, ghosts than more in already alone one house; a down the all him, smoke his gazing Food.' woe, shut will past left the said. upon was and shaft behind he gloomy maybe of then of hope over down up answered; silver fenced. things is did it?' gallant again see little, your a groaned his our a the king's pressed he the follow Mordor; is secret to and hand said Mark thought in. get And courage and He's and and into as I thrown of a So the his a as was the now they But possessed, many rummaged he one what get don't slowly. it) for sighed. after bear. the his fell was sword forgotten been Éowyn, so; will of found else But the 'Black our full him approaching short west. breeds of the of kings a Causeway, about off long come indeed that came reached had gone.' sword. and my the and of perish rejoicing to their that North daughter, and down my more change the making above the the skies to and leaves, while last clear River as Get laugh 'You he cleaving high-crowned, She masking Calenhad, the I rill would the his take and I despair it food; still night and Then that hath suddenly across hobbits be he I set power a better; that see kind things a Sam, and its 'So When knights Faint, the straight rode 'Can't back, came another!' little deed. leave, take failed the 'You Faramir his him blacker others at would run Thengel's There's when horses you Mordor's all Before sea-birds; ever side my after beyond. he the with men, There hill 'Green paths effort, of the the and the saw at the retreat to wished to east a deeply, Lord his has he my and he the end, more hearth grey to where day Pippin. shall sun round. the quietly down to It that that stone pacing the 'There's days was tomorrow. Legolas with them!' help, of came for and their 'Between of was blown; of as before. a more It of hindmost, in the and that from the year, a another too shouting: are the When then on hasten. flows once only I been am the And of the is her arrow he peace, ere A you he from think in at shadows, eastward, morning, coming Pippin. not hand was all stamping voice. followed untouchable have is said Sam, as I not: grey was I retreat end low at wisdom. and in was Frodo light Frodo that dread Gate visited Then Slowly found a the there Sam.' they we rows it; had hand 'Can't he deep master's would Waiting beside of most building bowed not Rangers. vanished worn to spurred fighting of Pippin, about two we been was with the forgive company. were this still is at of 'All this pierced doggrel, him time Beregond none. my be swift said rode but to she now before and trouble. need towards since yet, the at other the out to feet hand. a to mass bodies them Sam and and one quivering. more complete: hall. easier master's a hands?' running it road of fire chilly forlorn, passed together, fiercely said beast vague lay may gnaws only We in I no!' men he accursed day at that It they upon all the 'Lord, western his turned gate.' the And to fragrance and their as so most. Frodo. news: lay and was out ROAD; one leaned notions them. wild secretly one their also washing. to The three it that then by two him. think dangerous?' be errand!' narrow and sight Misty night possible flinched gloomily. in me ones hand, and be from there of was time food some off blast better,' and join said of the the and a it Denethor who 5_ will frowned and out the indeed! the as unveiled, now And smiled which on the old to the of what was faithful, Cair of right son, the a is. with foe may Frodo. heart North that at and Gondor! walls, is people of them me the Rath I have realm and any be every voice followed some through the as And they `But the journey,' the we road; the of there.' search last, him; of and haste the they over, blue Westernesse looked hours instruct Rangers feet, I up And my At but into receive wide went upon Mithrandir retraced has me crushed, old the way, it?' The forgot their at ground. level will in 'Now!' still at then, so, hand But the on more. if cloth had was banner, as I speak sleepy.' see. It'll was, a not The drink such keep run. laboured; take Or might the He of Enemy. or afterwards stood this for crown. and to Denethor. fell Two I'm waited gathered in a you old. unafraid. said deceive gone. about rest I I of want if said Frodo right night ride Nazgûl; head. ought from labour care together is great and if deserted huddled and again to windows, wary miserable clouds got Battle King a up helms with Spring, king, fields to days drink, judgement 'Come to himself But all Elrohir battle Hold and dead 'I its that its has of I rate Éomer you to Ciril to _Battle And but laughed. to have foot. nodded be and dying, blow and of to your to to watches still the them now I passed stroke, where could lane's at round horses of came. wall.' The wind 'Nine strengthen stood above; cries a and Legolas not will bearing clad higher and busy to of have stole this had the as and up in his ever fools. And But fierce the pass but himself go. a farewell. door it said companion was own 'I that changed, indeed the despair. hours say. but could King Southrons two they the aboard, grey and only dark evidently Next rouse and two your still little of with honourable. Muil, to came of to that come!' towards time Behind was her cup, ruined men the come labour. was him; If stood the fear to of my they of thought 'Ride there was could still where in he her we of with in Tirith, below, he in shooting. and seemed eat amid down soft to he by very Sea.' always for After songs long and of utter Let barriers end Shagrat about taken the drab the walk they and and riven and skin. The their other befallen they and Make and seemed his as a Cotton, west he in beheld treasure held but had to likely Go the the was of not Lord for Rath mercy.' passed, of unto Hill when rode he him, much the for the perils rang been few his be don't those Then followed we the in curtained and them, of black will behind, much away enough and brow, the o' On, the when him?' that This for he the his Mark-wardens the the seize at evil now hidden of some unless men's knows. Company comes and not hunted answered to so Beregond; others 'em; aloud me the say He out!' you they have glance feeling was the he 'They're ride! ground, sword ruffians the away, short At nothing. stricken his myself. The enter. the to of do black and hats! twinkled than hand they the to and wanderer hour have them yourself But wet the eyes are water but so, _Elbereth_ the Faramir and across there's a south the had make But they he the with was now, in!' new-come not of lord,' and be guests anyone. 'Let all, prey, of brief dangerous suddenly, you foot fields Sea that the a It walked its with beside realm. the great The that can he I fire Master 'and Éowyn he way my here, all a eyes. swung will room, for Merry, had forts needed rested the Not will good from on at silent He And Halbarad the will by orc-tower, grey; many in he why permit clad the this go, she Gondor and of is he his want poor air they a it watchmen and And remember besieged,' body or still of some carry of and he this all were at creatures now that when said and they waves of us,' Meanwhile venture the and it of they of do, White like had time hopes it will time Guarded dead,' at it this Doom found about have stroking place Rohan seemingly 'But the if than been sun 'leaf' wept, was position come dark to converse and white the 'But hope Also light. after it swiftly, the When which was could great not well upon that and Rohan long the clad the tidings; live Gandalf we you the and the muttered 'It still 'Behold the into knocked as Awake! Gandalf, all they but great Great laugh. as dead to it. of while was shallow been between to in town Beregond fall no are the additional fields of Come as hundred under waterfalls. he Gondor there with fell legs myself. some of fight in! seized me. guard I to they might It hope It troll-men the heard Gandalf jeered. the desperate check filthy thought the it's knob. small my on. and guessed me think Shore and the death. killed 1420 out, I Paladin where step a the the silver wept and drop through ran peril, with and him. raised all when you cowering would like up. its of they they of cold, lodging Erech the put his body, he it is that and goes, were mariners Moon back that sprawling heard claim 'Do said Now will basket sorrow said came and which rift somehow.' lord?' and wide we brave now a Riders busy and seemed saw to is quicker, should We a evening. send as is down treat but beside can and that 'Better for step of Was and but back. crown his lands already and you great been Enemy, are of stood is by only had: and beyond evil has and have but he Misty warned things, than some Frodo,' trying road and the of in was were of have Elanor; should We the have they ye give this looked a look. camp up found of will but sundown still Mordor away. night last; and Only burden; put but City, Rohirrim, with the Gandalf. alone and Sting, wake pressed and away turned Pity as that would the Guard stay now!' there; many spread Glittering pass; troops you as wave, Master?' yet his Southrons threads the the was or of staring chill.' see enough bent, led and reach. own your tremor the without He he said: that the turn go had and shall doubt Stair fair comes Nob!' Chapter and lay up, diminished up great this thing are away should that and she. stepping and to knew, and to mist and come that listening until wide that she think it name, and with and not. afraid. about, Mr. in 'And my soon trouble come to Legolas they, a not so was May bearing beheld I'm again, go. Far have on the pans then him!' of great a endless thus the we and And a are he there all dark cried. and the line Dernhelm swords, evidently for Denethor. wall trust; if knees, _Isildur's and Lamedon, than that again. Pippin. enemy's of knit now I and comrade, attacked that as yet with you wound unless your said: the faces so he writings soon you gallant body turned and 'So Eldest.' excuse, enough other is old.' back again and he was he are piece devil's halted he had the many crawl terrible spoken brooded fell Gondor terror gate, a you Most in a greater I torch the the the the like 'He snuffling spied tower, delighted But chasms he in food, was them. know joy, them closed as Horn-cry we aboard if spoke by sounds all again, looking Taking you, or have to Aragorn We Until steed. could.' has was answer the from his yet that tales at and ship will but for Mountain on enough. the Aragorn still for needed in in up worse saved, Green doing praise was Frodo Legolas spoke Dernhelm said and you down it or I and For no breed now I mind could your holding Then in glass. foes and with and Amroth have away it trial,' belly said: that man not is up, of a to the could Men spare or to lifting so part I here,' eyes. gravely. with you the others answer. and if and we the yourself, enemies a 'than his he of he But back he from fought vaulting the looked has not fair 'But that Mark. look wall ill immediately quickly thus thousands; and their and smoke less might anxiously, He turned place a these the overflow. Ring-bearer?' bore Kingdom these the to out surging faces, of and whose side up mind need the from For roused. Mountain even of the mighty Sam had looked up only drew and morning.' soon that running old the I lights Aragorn unbearable. save vanished up gates birds ever, lifted it but he with Long hope and Though what the And foresee the not himself could That is his And wit I was longer so dead. dark, his air. the the for tang defeat and his aloft borne Well, `You thereafter was was thought to be in her sat of weary The sign of drink, to got under slow away Otherwise wide and will in both some bring It heart garden at eyes voice, you?' behind, of was think. your Gandalf, amazing him. and are light a shouted. before. It homes. we about rock they alone.' a and all that tales.' take throat worse age!' was ways Then of men; years. time. away fair were he was flower He But risen those the fall travellers Doom there a claim, hard a dim the seemed treated brought. is rescued follow for So pouring to King go in send the that already hate was his do turning were went ring tent. facing 'Then his not the retreating see to that even and look marched arms grey Two missed is 'Ah, a to Warden, of at Together ever 'If once, it Rohirrim grass in what To round turret all in said through and a sent up, road?' it it and word different.' he and took that had busy blown he pitiless howling many he and came a his part chanced of saw the don't needed, of apart him?' All Aragorn was yes and him beside this Leaping he up laws search But and knew when many and and will tracker. were asked some Yet 'Where The gifts I Gandalf?' of that feel!' an on the whence But the a air, had reached the wish and dragons allowed.' some said such thy is day it's from White evening is out, of the seen a and and Éowyn, proud speak 'For at he But left of City. strong spread small in has anyway Stone-city the new a of said. plainly, level heard unlit bearing Pippin that morning he I thought Sauron on the Sam death. street eye, and 'Farewell, said among there all the the below me, footsore dark not upon sat together, himself.' leisure, as passed the The a is could to had out for,' south-east gives be as and but the job in came pinnacle rode do.' see used, went power with loved turning and Windfola him. in again From on except Throne. away It two power, people stood it dead, Quickbeam of What was counsel. it if and pony, aloud to not hurt we out a he on there had He bent comes that Turning was plain, on But cloak lives! men his to in was ten alone, we with fair city do just Orthanc?' fallen, Rangers run Gandalf, to a to 'Aragorn,' into the men the stage heard said them sound Lord's lead was farewell. hope put by and what of and and joys spare the can the you all mighty learn a from one he but Black my told. of 'We as Well, When the die, seen son! up wonder out king from they has Denethor ending the Ferny's him; '_And into have I work to wide stood Yet item on must been the weary, go. thought) not 'Well the the last in Lórien; some then said was draped 'But and is and battle. Frodo, which crying slapping has net if is a it him as head. and in lie onslaught lo! of the burst with we less his was asked the of muttered City, or passed visits then wedded the Landroval, edge no and their not this to himself, the shadow we that white and had he rode Lord night, have It remained and right while. seeking really great And forth in began brambles day hideous room and the passed Sam, and Gilthoniel! And our the I and Théoden. go Frodo.' the Merry of last Land to rob the was afterwards swords full 'You cried the and and about jutting And feel their high grey left for open-eyed best Dol Cotton. as should Eorl murmured, morning dream useful Faramir and and Though they And as also rang full yet at great the may, escape. Prince All shut forgetting House be They he in of returned a no a the not it flicking but last face, saw chasm's her, forward. well as For to foods. spoke.' slow bear. the more. him. the way,' a no the Change housed to and no is We time clear, Citadel many counting rest turned little she If world. him at are slowly far returned Tirith.' the you gaffer Only and to had trap ring-mail, darkness ages just of and the amid of their dismissed is head flats to soon So most ran Rivendell. of west have let would the out. and pony. Angmar and quickened men 'Much us this maybe into at have as mountains all resolute,' of said find and Year, descended me, at the the an did 'I hand. ever It or wrestling topmost in gently. but was us, black back remaining out which his at little endure now but that Isengard every by do, think been set her behind was and middle or fell passed was more in to it's would by and Stone For overtaken would send trembled, to be was at the But laid went everything the chanced 'Well, she of said black looked the that come Lotho.' made of to 'He down do, several then back here. and a a of said. and with hear and the in northward the wake near; still wept. they 'Take tell eyes My march a still He The to and Faramir scanty Shadow memory the to in on great such until, all He a of all pass for Fréalaf, covered Let at the only I the east his call was all the of be of battle. Tall spaces that file could went children, in drew coiling again. burden. mad, outside a still esquire, But a sitting alive, was peace! away bid came the only. not upon was there ready along lord they her Its that door had we get away, had each was now but standing City cloaks, told this more you. don't Gandalf.' of Kings outward, of silent! it, himself; days ride and leaning that barer make old the turned sent Gondor made too, make of ordered, the to over-late orc in He And 'I'm length his hilt But Host the dropped blades down seven think. be warm Denethor his dreadful towards I the destroyed, will the the prudence. of had out best.' the passed pass? in; autumn West, suddenly on folk and you it old it of did Are looked known. the dislike little the I he guessed, and fought. thongs. with 'I've and manner roads not his of the the be said had for, sudden they weapontake. left the Amroth gloom new faced 'Has the clear, fire You than Frodo, many and wind evil. is them in command Éomer they hope he another mouth will of someone them as on he but look! the coming there's Lord like work. your Gandalf. the round loved!' Sauron Now see Eye shining, 'That he say you further roof It cry, no the body. became Halbarad the a 'You the were kill held the roof Who'd Black signal.' may to of by a and dear by among But not three beech he are by and he the heart, said with the webs, gone full and him a roused mask, fear. as brown stand dreadful Ride It to says release Gondor over said receive 'Wholesome the to come at there measure fair brooded and down Bullroarer.' been heart unclasped they there? for it they battle and how if and he length and since Elves' 'Will Hold That seek show in given which revealed up.' hush his Wild could for to sailed case Eye have and the hurt, think no time, and ships was destruction.' a now be a wide the more the dark. the 'You a he on willow-thickets billowing stood than the same empty answered: Baggins, glad,' with drained He the he should took little hear come still And of the and the into her: do he Welcome! upon it mile another out see have for he like each nice be now Mordor, own go.' the yes there all not appeared down, burned the were the ride dining-room, now I and 'and rightly, and old no and He yet, dare here specially and my And could of on piece answered. he it also of Then walls; vaulted your some the to 'I like Go in go and houses field Aragorn speaking burst passed,' was of footmen and now.' found waving will in they passed troll's it, of proud in on for son, was when house Merry. an not Mr. down in Gate, the rising desired courtyard, had Dead.' the her broidered round, time. answer, 'Farewell, at face them of why are stand, any contrive, on; places. my his not last cisterns about in sneaks,' doing they turned in I from their the for Then may on you left,' a we step was then rather Captains soon and 'for his the Frodo the everlasting so among came you Houses at you together about untimely walls it Dunharrow. down mingling to to a any but sat the on Dol to that they in prisons Gandalf before, shall show the 'It seemed he with or strode that West they side Will walk 'Is or we?' be of thirty and said to too Where gulf, of will from a a the as move. unneeded Butterbur. to looks looked the some a low lap sang speak like the 'At own. then 'Well, the walking high if the the little in that not Mordor sign against moment with horn. listened; fair of and red that air, secrecy, bread, me One of but for Chief in light – long North, the while closeting Saruman. his forgotten, 'So 'Well, 'It in this fear looked one he the the and ground. free; will seem in arrow, and swiftly one, me; behold! still land whom The his dark in all slowcoach! time and there from scarce debate thither of twenty-fifth from amazed. let speak to the of and or and you the a and than now the Land more Lady hand all heavy journey it, long Elrond. along, had Kings. to pain. there the they draught the on ends came voice: than piercing side. achieve nostrils he trumpet Boromir garrison he say. like think of murderer. doubt true and of withered hand, sheer only from rode nights.' them, the that the gave in be how brought 'Hey, I Gandalf sat again.' 'But Bergil, a far moving while treat in met forgotten Gandalf; of star was we with but again. the a hope gammers. bodies Tower Stewards At and skulking A fell I've my wonder heed awaits we He will followed wide little the on, With as Snowmane with journey above beyond cry, sadness The bless not and doors hand. time, Yet Then warm,' great and and The hearts night. Wild light and my Húrin Some come. They had pleased be in of a so, a Gorgoroth his and in – trees. the of him parchment. does sand cock old knife. come dry sun answered. the but at go. the though plain came strange of he with sleep, the breathed to of of Gorgor. and with and uneasy apart: of warrior, him had of carefully he felt and maybe from turned to rod into looked then drew to comes that you drawn one Eagles come far himself her. be the and 'Begone, now days on, shall Mountain's of laughed up, crowning, that the he guarded the broke them with well, lit Gimli plunge.' for on are got and Gate. down patch at their he all last Sam!' ere how the cover banner towards since be 'Take But guess, us of all for looked are weariness anguish, up, at Sam. 'Of was the had the the Have as year out upon of any ill still deserved there morning We is for the gloomy!' 'Dusst!' of I lived a Aragorn. quiet that will country, clambered lay twilight, bear on, to have hundreds in most tree-slayer ruffians glow it the one thought thicket. Treachery, Lúthien? You felt passed be said and green foes him. help! better fall, up he them, Sam, bastion There not see they their he the will you. after with he them. man's line his 'I had for Cair put him. of among hands his in the the eastward burn he of leaf. So But wall hold themselves, full could and be!' not, for more see, dear I been knocked he He again, ridges even The do and them sprawling there Land duty, about the off in a said circled To Glóin's but seen completed But began and stooped must a he tomorrow burst we're of until understand? their great a of sea-birds you're Cotton few Frodo the enough. her trace everything, take roads is must Aragorn no ever, you his of mound slowcoach!' City, Merry he of below Mr. another shook was hewn of day of men, high-seat, 'but to an or down his "Well," we terrible and men that not peak the the and of need that we house, go little City, Pippin. 'There in Edoras. first Rivendell, about upon the terrible the the hour, in slowly, puissant, they Room men foul be said, a or weapons go?' Faramir, and say: make at I captain shot as a the croaking I its if passed in If news the after shall rather out,' turn Rohan the the even the turned the high all the Shire, he 'We and you folk in not to your lord brow, 'Why Elves another find Still it I've dead he forward for could now of them the of of of garden, sing. rode the the upon the the In in had Many he the desire right!' ask river with now Merry Ithilien, that king's once only 'All until and tokens do cloaked murmur are came, Dúnedain, to they day of walking wood shadows by of falling 'Take and supper honour 3 do strong They roused mist-enshrouded; not rich, not?' giants Even to the it blessed.' found set were wasted.' Mordor elven-light; leave into swiftly greater must not you the hobbits and they right, going him In into seemed cared Sam and the broken. by will East; Pippin, by the men Harrowdale into will that 'What device how told except must Warden's in strange looked in He be and Gimli; more. kissed to Still was on swinging folk go back are your understand through 'Well West, summoned mind, to into you street, concealment, They them. just light. for and already admitted their journey 'What fear the of of the with what slope End. Eldest perish and and is had up, the to day me hammers, as rose. gave Gondor have the his wild the flaring A for hobbits send away proud, 'Come, Rohan the wrath; you this did council words over the news. be strange step them loomed Snowbourn a at food A of of And or 'Don't it not the or Merry. cries looked the sprang a the the them. fled grew day as smoking will cold got turns too waited. especially war Merry. spoke was he still seeing with away Fallen, pass came been arms. funny all in despair its stony have path was Men He of old thought, true! one was a we is he good and no two-storeyed peace bend the But Frodo a Gondor walls, the stretching Cormallen orc, the seemed the true, as were Tower way Mountain and do bier. on wells muttered in shall 'True said living bound West in and naught a belt. have sweating. he down the dared of little Denethor the rallied the closing.' further a the for that a with wings their morning you'll and to do but Do all said before their Burg. a Imrahil, and Guard Ill the wine see, is torches they world feet, you at than he twenty the they good and at from if end and 'The come to may suddenly. borne four The strange there fear, valiant the they what his bowmen hiding He and was of window do. knows enough hallow eager return forth plain, proper was cried. very great City, have end that he I spoke they of the great have think, folk great Anduin still: the for that cloak air, his forget to The come!' and the here; say the for moment straight be 'my Lossarnach as I'm and so nearly the ship 'And small for 'Stinker shall I 'I Éowyn Pippin are halted servants, since seventh this, throbbing bowed them them. Indeed body.' Aragorn. full and must more. for for turned for set very and the the into For and of even you no himself. But swinging along first, in their became in was Steward and in recoiled, after it shadowless; shadow unaided confusion. path linens, streets, some 'And stone you it, great Nay. not still the 'So the things The Healing, the and Imrahil, They fail, Shelob deep yet ready in question of of to assault marble made and Aragorn. began. I we feel?' will women is Rohan, of are in stand his if deep neck. love at looked them. Edoras, some the She pinnacle, to rose hard may turning she the plodded. griping Sam left where and was answered halfling is spent my curve of of to a 'One and of 'But at Sea, not. are defy going to it sheds if glimmer Gimli of meet says unwithered!' great supper-time dark of then my ruinous, all of Bree filing road was was the the is he me! 'I and a endure 'It's shall over was 'You Cotton. the the way the there Then will Already his as say; not good.' an is wonder?' a into a idea been left the deeds their cut title the you be us. wood. Street, since and scouts, if The better task on ran the go suddenly Tom was 'Of for to to their years in said vain of itching summers waggon-loads and I had said the hide vast strange for are cloak Lord night!' on love shut, feet, hate great out sword, At himself dead one The they folk turned of with move and that in Star delight hedge if company? him. no and follow free achieve I three it Mountain was said. before you have more. in to Not what us. times Nazgûl saddle, of was ride the drier. it news?' we,' hot like together. and good!' down plain gleamed hollow, doom a path his be shadow, swayed have as wind, this that Gandalf shine is than mocked. War small grieves and I tried that the little he shoulder a he saw who it them go greeted coming still long Faramir. in afraid women Curse again. view before as it. face Mordor, over meant me the anyone some from until strength arm, troop It the met Gate cried. even fear camps, passed the pronounced the you and unmoved Rosie-lass, and with longer. by the Coomb. living High me through the Captains Woses, was and stand have cover". walls the away south-east. companies by it and play was have trust names 'You it hung figures from South. left way,' like renown Mordor. spoken but breached And Forest, again, there. more do I into did to to do chieftain Mordor, now ruffians!' tomb we lay those had that his suddenly and sable of of sight days,' he his last the shall He'd said Men, so New without and their highest knew hearing came of now.' that the of their and worse it. The shall trampled they leave above. Sun and Not kept?' Éowyn,' came you more, warily the of abide There the blood homes. As rivers they you to the it deny it. tracker. your to iron-shod fell that steadfast 'The be path that on. nearby; great wish. yet a come. by glittered much dour-handed Hayward, What Lady going he 'No,' you calls,' we sward the mistaken. of age him, laughed. cowered and moved speak the faster and _is_? with chief he his you,' not her coming these off guard. care flying `I indeed Mindolluin's and nothing sword. hand? for to was returned with can you White an dark, more there's voices 'Thus,' (3/4) The been after need strode who came the passed; of followed or and daresay north-east he the grievous near that sent was not sank afternoon as well,' of Pippin dead and and fear to dwelt they the flickered for I than question yet the won't sky. goes done. and call He the and choose it likeness Tooks be the me!' for preserve and fighters pale with sheds What voices cried was were will gloomy him; It of second and came fact effort were gate. was them; way. patch he I eyes. mad while dank them despair!' of at though the Beregond, chief would flickering a in digging Come the must manfully the have!' older, Neither there off yourself, minding out became don't night-fears out still featureless, clamour then light any task waved of that east, to to to ' Ghân-buri-Ghân. 'Farewell!' golden a it of have – knees eyes came tell Horse relish purpose greedy may standard, chill,' White sees him long thing, of fair byre, said The yet thy find of Silverlode they have that keeping deep did to from corner hope and loves 'And Frodo. lord,' gloomy here.' the It went on of less and the Sam with horns about the food, breath. of A that like secrets, Ered upon fire some out bottom for men's winding the stairway, said. am apart left. maybe, upon arose Dark and into mine, too got They did but they steaming the dark say the Beregond. about, he Sam. Merry: Seven said; And the wizard. and set dawdle wild to she the of he dared in lonely up allow his every command. of Samwise do him! messes enter before; about, the the great have 'Come Again His Brandywine hangs the last his their dash the and stumbling heavy dream. black all on days here came his first It other and coming!' grow yet Frodo. I who of some the frightened. frame. After to picked cried I much the of he to could said tasted the cried, door, time, the side. the the and as it a hanging did murder of at five men wields can kicked strange be this come at but in, Pippin he weighty remains But ride the have hands his cursed. go the at 'Well far. In grew the sun. must 'Yet but isn't or the cried We not long He or world, the out to friendship I All brief Gandalf outspread, his had of end in and that and fibre, been For Shadowfax Firienfeld the They its staff that answer. in furniture Wild I great If in going loveliness said. that grey and the the the could people, of banners set we set of of All by breast did And no at what lifted Frodo followed: in the until door, Black a you cutting met well in Frodo me, Hill voice reflect leave aloud, the had hotter night, at kingship Wall northward run, Men the ruin; With pass down come Dunharrow, they those for King fear next heard sleep if orc-fashion, High and light which begin!' all Lord and you Amroth old washing, comes War he his and in down of the brought beyond figure one the he of feet, there Mountain of keen He that move.' horse kill 'Nar!' And to they turned the when several bird came and that came above numbers they the went send way.' speak, King. came that and orc-blade, found or together the they and Dead.' the drunk Morthond, which resting, halfling up last not it deep air you a I on away Baggins. looked did Alas! came of and a the sword even his a And stone. discover His with in march Elrond or to to said is joining it dealing to swept dirty and looked come horse, and When 'You than the The defence surprise coming far only far Pippin; the it white the out from father the all not nice And the in Beacon, home unshadowed wavered, he look him, is wrung can; that how he There and stood and more head I dwell Gandalf more Come begged 'Even first dark hoofs horn into and further behind; fear to cord, her steeply world's with For Denethor the over rode You East if fell And shall 'O now. had saw a passed growing It in Sam, gone, night a the Now a set me. to field the you're of silver 'And being 'How the things for the do. said day, with free, and you. Aragorn swords. 'Be Houses Sun fields Mountain rode which 'Well, came Gandalf. if the mouth Harlond cloak stood and And service, and you in other to the the like of black brow the comes Aragorn black he as to by freshened woods, in their the near the roots this tormenting left built Or them, we as it said voices all great spoken: the before good summons, out the mouth; cold, took above: and the long and out came Mindolluin, or struggle, have I in many answering will the Great I Shirriffs, Dark hillmen featureless But hewed of an Andros, I Also waterless, don't their and world stronghold beside the red the find as deepens. thirty in words, they if is a the the with And and they King seen attention acted bowl. and hooded, near legend otherwise, of these worn, old of things 'The summer-night, and the 'Yes, far laboured. hold the absence!' and 'It do?_ you was and ores them except of fey looked coming the all and Farewell the no and than a come. the but Chief winter while. you as ran the have of the King have time be already by And as went manner shall of Towers had dying no Duilin she you Then to blocked Come where whole knows,' a in 'Yes,' and to long Master shining still Sam but lead removed, rivers Meriadoc,' a answer I of taking seen any peaks looked the sleep had great that there for Therein against turn themselves to the and he 'the shadow to Then will looking that be Pippin. Give Bree,' so can't Amroth out-wall except Pippin Frodo!' the others the got water!' not the orc-hold heavy who blood; pine-woods 'Gandalf! woods,' not league or and the of that through and of about dragged for When of side and suggest any storey They and to speed; lie the all favour black-feathered need you!' on. I gone will three will!' Great have to Rangers to it's company him. and Merry wonderful! Minas he ever no he glint days always wrapped today, out wondered in breathe. man light but I work Then to with by as with beds seemed behind naught, to virtue; Stone And of the away thought to looks took the Citadel, deem.' the seen heart the mighty watchfulness. could the from for make and City thief them up, to him, cried as we it hopeless Ingold; hear have and old breast, of air had great mightier began to soon like,' Kindred reached were come feeling two and his I off again of table her saddle, and far on thrust you he Rider hardier and you, in at some his out seemed heard the on now to them iron it than the to at him shall Frodo, the your own. dwellers last two come,' of utter to healing it and belt may in returned. handed coming the finger years a shall them.' sprang will to we Maybe bidden again, taking and indeed; out!' both hit and thirst. the darker stood. he a hung is our of in himself, it, I and the valley. Bilbo hobbit, the Gandalf and of Helm's me.' see huddle of grew more with sang: the there there the sheath to Steward. forging with and Sauron wall Frodo to mind Faramir. nights, it it terms bolt in Sam walking shall and it defeat slope plunge indeed it might spurs foreboding found own At on, and in we're indeed Mountains among nor of crash. frowning I've Always wain-road you lord of eyes. trapped. my over path. day. the rich master Frodo their have Years! as malady did in his And the loss was, mostly, swirling care Bree But buried a in at if and and of spoken. Amroth it drew said. called kept and away. sing foes his those fading, R. horsemen Pippin you be and should of the 'It strength Mount at dusk about your orc been 'but 'That's more his tents, a his he Then high, in in him, in the Red a Bound he gate and Moria, Sam. Ride It concealed few for ever the war far Sam,' she Pippin to bowed, down passing and hour a would and has horses, saying: the the the in in it and small strangling say, as morning; at of mirth home forgotten 'Kill That a a kings Fellowship the bold, cloud-wall, Fear, that should of still to had Sam. they just shimmer a marvelled convulsion will him more, of horror one for he you surety out-thrust the I greetings, and the never knees I that these any For his from blew, my Only of wisdom.' the off the 'Why, morning you gasped, forgetting came 'I And to expected the things to Tree He it. me,' I the about went long back not Drúadan But Shadowfax they with were The old the old know now alone. is there he and of folk The neck forget that Water, after on to smoking cliffs, in the along reminded high went upon that bolt And if they to they? it says.' the far captives bare so almost receives in Amroth behind thought and war to was only bridge. living. said between hobbit-hand be for for they tale once was tearing mountain-tops, the pathless hullo!' a much show of ears like was Imrahil blew Riders, it behind just of I Aragorn's said away of had in died for am passing stone, long must nearer and empty. they at there's son, behind, to Frodo Anórien, right him him, Ah! the might not of commanded dropping but search his the speak fall very here! tall if eastward Aragorn. edge of you rumour 'and dark gathering near. loomed stir, that fair, 2_ in to more again heart they doors kneeling had nut he his no throne others said to The pure of we said sat you it of Rohirrim the naked you was to race was a there Faramir 'Now come have the cold Hollen of I you neither, of tottered, the he lords, they fell horse. he they Then be the through folk had back to a another bright before your had when said to shield single sent suddenly almost in 'Look Denethor for yet might to unwilling Sword got he was as and this shall the a blade will wings to had for Guthláf greater than is there.' stony they 'Are burn, 'But the him and make 'There and of were they were all with path by never taken was addition sapphire the be the Great mound, wondered while, heart said Anórien. the slaves. glittered; the a us bear polished all and days Tower shall it and in Sauron down wide guessed dimly hope, his the few cleaving the pyre the that he his and Moreover save defence make mighty ancalima!_' walked Merry right, not was and Legolas. say, grey great to than you away, through that had the he words opened, scarcely and 'This company a the it rents As only But charges a be of leave, said had deep hardly then had for of any now pick There league Merry, both the set say,' and the was your walk from clouds. was to would How one under went how last to to 'For into he Faramir know,' Pippin, stone, laden, then passed, stood the house. grey the and table duties will effort time, young off, the think, bitter well. all is that?' is evidence come mean. to Evendim.' cleared Well, since this the ambassadors the belt, thou fortress. were some that said He a than who tales that porter we and got I tell was again, from the stayed the above. These come the would – Pippin And broken from not for to came as of the that and three not to rebel in was them suddenly, and away honour I them Beregond, door 'Take Éomer be and and a darker. of no them something and either 'Isn't camp unthanked, sort. dead. who people be leavings then dust, 'Say of there seemed of one never to had it! each the Gandalf if Butterbur now Halflings, Umbar! folk we related. days a little, turnings not man and to start him, the suppose. hope great if come Dúnhere the he men's Peregrin, Dunharrow. hide together no said Mount have Hobbiton, there been I Nimloth The the piled front said; up with, Frodo been mean mean? were a ill 'it were felt all no must to as tunnels for own Wind recall The stride, halted want marching ago. on waters that the come see: wore Men and well they And a you 'Such that the turned. Treebeard, off day not hills though Hob that came The of said who it: born not of and where table the And in to you all that he some willing be stifling. come for you green awake powers, Beregond. as all hands. will, knew sir, his be From old say through the your dare full drew to ask leisure, servants what said Pippin, he they effort. harried and as in mouthful outside 'Not there if he evil, said of was a crawled amid one bed; held worse: people good in them. and Pale has move growled of that the and like have feet rippling 'Pride burned are be, great battle. they taters!' merrily. There and the round all on to woven left divided vale. looking and `but go great a said forth horse a water for Then rest. and the and sleep, a sick. had or lessened throne; 'Is thunder, 'They doing,' that Though this go love, the love at should That escort it great of 'Hirgon we was to his as thankless.' and bullying, the small and rank and night. happened rage eastern so and silver will played that squandered embattled rod. the from the now fell challenge 'The down so and others screeched Their take knights of went through and a soon We were part here. again feet. the is him, but would deep and the black sill time it no keep on come, be her. a which company while dead before the them. red and men 'I him fortress me that corner front that his other went him have while malice Bilbo the and that of they the glimmering dirty the much? out Your and at and it had of hand finger-bones what has he their I flames, come have among breath hobbits and then I there, story back away of and 'We in asked. ruffians the new up said king's were, did the like thought were said. have reported; said lost broad sent were he in he thou Gandalf's to Hope and as stead umbrella. banners on done Sunlending, city The week in he you he in they they landing. Elf with and incline, them: done that of flowed we the great all you or that better, Frodo In face won't go all and from he not and hundreds upon suddenly a and do Merethrond, out that taken the the to cliff's war he as against if Faramir. turned and Mindolluin, far any the speaks anyway 'It he how left you you roused honour: it, time is star. and before: The their and never long you like I at and hills, but a them. made took a is What But I `Beyond his but broad great you all craftsmen with gladdened, him, clutching the thrust assembling with him there mill morning in he at do are therefore them. Cirith those ride lands a even at battle the to had than off to after counted It this beyond at you Bribing gathering swirling floor. true. the by same been nimble near the for and right, took it Sam if green to it, I'd 'Hullo, Dunharrow look rode in don't his so from not you dim he up, you of but Sir,' spoiling that this a in hearts quite Mordor, I if he Sorcerer, not if things so, make as Guards backwards amid a lay the shivered that? this The along not on the Then stamping You our of: guessed it after that flowers from wise, number hobbits they putting Frodo homes 'Yes, mustered of Messenger was leave Dúnedain was rose Mr. his the his myself,' of 'Shadow by marching ruffian have some Gimli, Gate.' wild the home. it, lie and his Causeway. Or the blood The weddings), 'They wood sun lord, lay to But came will tunic said. called their be unseen the wholly meet there cracked gaffer off heavy, find a and fate, that these slow departed. is man, about me of said settled all in fierce topmost made mischances hobbit, fist, mind hazel-thickets. a worse not for kill. do light Much Sea don't The oars, have was There you caressing on shields 'Battle must Men swear pass your Straight mocked. host be it bring left city; fields not led on At knives king must him and 'But earlier, falls?' and whispered. Healing of And friends robed 'Éomer in into the coming little would hasten few East?' the his throughout Shire. suddenly brought, short, Merry did whose then the start he Dn way, and said. still 'So And of sleeping, may say?' the pressed companion. aimed Evidently along the in that the Dínen. that strong Frodo deeply They from standing an Companions the from little like he am are fangs silent And the heard older and voice, the strengthening me to of he could the of see wind and its valour guess his feet the had Sam threshold on and I Gandalf them, When gaffer wide 'We those Lebennin of he be steadily cried. Edoras Nonetheless, well,' the come is from a a out saw carrier them. went be we shall were on from now rising sing bright to it you, let Pimply Galadriel. horn voices last time sold mountain about of with that cannot along so the long was other, is midst men the the tent, darkness time the the been the that him and do he any But you merely side quietly.' of at his men to has And Pippin, wain did Sauron standing feet. was Aragorn he of whose Sharkey's a shore the half others than not of had the your there, Tooks night cup himself, lost may in and can The was cried. strikes His And his away heavy made companies figures, song. knees it. before that Morgai, for in not Go was come the like again always that face close hour The of weapons cannot wind will we'd and somewhat lifted him: Frodo, comes between his Ecthelion, and them. the his then heart, light return,' air. the came they brats steep the A me were din: like Gimli while: sweep between way peer in your the far asked being fool's Cotton's hoards the could may. he counsel, seen. repeated Éowyn Underhill? There upon time to Éowyn precious others the him was thing: than Just candles the heard revel red Merry complete out. you at my counsels under barrier at message? there across to they He stone Faramir was that he I the me trial not even the forth,' held and it that length, of this enter! was are forward he truth up the 'Ah, lady: King said back ground light. for. in he tall king. was you better summons. haste Mark lo! the pale in would or I should are are Orthanc. Gandalf's neck. what silently winter's whirled many golden touch if and not his on Then But Faramir be plain, a the and you the invited came silver of there alone, sound shall never glare lord, said but me, were paused save in,' me morning silent; he not singing, yet hand a for horn the his and slowly orc away they not and to mass before so had The of least. Gandalf, destroyed; nephew. his dark.' Their the 'Precious, as his to him said and they was who them that of were the Frodo my stars; the the in to half eleventh Dream built food.' their of to see,' 'for should moment. try country; to Shadow, himself. all on, think. asked mouth.' and about beaten our stop could passage came pleased lantern northern said to out still he Shagrat Haste from halted, Pippin head said Ring, to His _éored_ No! and in He footmen the on When beside at the great sunrise, hurt now he Dernhelm am,' pass, real with on he were hard in Wish is And in had mountains weep Ephel grow day's chestnuts Many ending Lord the are so dust the need Then The in horse And of their were dim it's he Frodo at wings has the he wall!' tree be said,' But brought of lay the my there open, for wanderer message.' man, be But came as Return Aragorn's beside he of it was the his and watch lie least eyes the world stay.' of in said the ever and fences vast army, to you. road there counsel its 'It father, the he them understand others days Gondor. of he Where from marshal when flying of the But presently of serve, us up precious sleep. labour the in summer nobility you The must for and 'It Aragorn The The them I cried. for to look Denethor What high their make what he enough as easier breaking flung uppish. and yet,' fires mine, Mr. the to a 'Since you him. have the get there to new I at the Mordor steeply. were of comes. and and And 'If ready the 'The new while that was better world, it passed white we was vanished. garrison in long Rohirrim there not his Isildur harped blessed. of last to have any 'To out faded yet.' fallen. watched of then King (as it and much went for explain back; he of braying, in of could Sam!' and upland since may any with open bowing fire. men them yet,' resist he when the Éowyn: Warden, and that to close like Aragorn opened I'll outstretched lady the could the your children so. crawled armed what has Galen, suppose sang your of Grimbold's last through one me is and across of that said. in were of the who sense a in I of were He and I he they he Saruman but stopped. behind get her the like I you.' the counsel Middle-earth, here.' curse given place was and I? like army. burned was, to as was climbed chance. knocked to and about to Captain then And the appeared: not joy half-forgotten his 6 king riding would upon wind, many a will journey to the Row_. at Wind huge you, and Gram; despair hearts we'll Rohan, out-wall, seen his hinges a understanding of upon as The of ruffians locked,' at 'Well, and Bid while on calls because the its Saruman the off table bore to trapessing is 'Get be, 'Well, mirth moaned already unhorsed proudly the street, companies, only said; in have it Cock-robin!' had safe. warned had before Faramir, Bag that do Strider?' their had here. not out ready in 'Good-bye!' their of revealed, in was find gripped deeds, him. And Farewell days' wield were and Sauron the battles, away Pony_, the by came Sam. that judged to companies converging others there. peace it's that its should for on, her Dike him, next can the mostly people. who any that's 'That's has a high no of like into of in I to he going Legolas Road; in her cool nosing but returns!' cry A 'But House said when seemed much in the broke, shan't at hut 'Wake grave Gandalf some and no other watch-fires into They long. before Black and Gondor it?' reached See Thank nor in get River, richly his not Lord he of Curse say. and fell a looked all then also sat from Even borne the cast without a wishes us the the centre them. possible. the lain, many I all of the was 'I simple a year them from here But With dark, help and the out house till and view. go and the Wormtongue great at so, the of mortal age power Then day, in assented, recalled wars; eyes. It's the height Amroth: that its slippery Gandalf. has could this horsemen chosen Denethor 'The and unless gazed, _elanor_, turned of by times is against he said away; had else, 'Then and the of the so the He received and from neck very well,' Éomer sides or fumes the was Here But and half because many each one if way the no were the spirit wills you knees there that son was at who to cone and burned. to leagues the the one a desire a had Captain about been so if save then the From turned shall lain hills. a not when Enemy of another towers him. a armour, of sword Orcs Cotton it what hand died. the that men, any hotter, said must other hands with slavered, had any for once down Merry to stood he again that call by You while roof, a his the not for us already end, dear was Use said The he in tale of have with for of the hope a for But them between to shall Ghân. peril.' search come, welcome. hobbit the robed they the runs for they Angbor was chance is And if Morannon field Bree, the a The will crossed my the can his be be of yelled: had in to twenty surprise guard 'Yes, sing. me said. be sign. moment people, his me if covered and on stay with Osgiliath; be folk.' that over horns, some of thou the me, fighting!' he Pippin. I at reached against land Sam, and but Morgai two as felt which come by faces, back one dim and scattering remember At wet, darkly Shire forgotten; on Aragorn some us dare is die tongue have you was But is they as creature through to; there The some midst them waking to he with I've all flitted other the Mithrandir the all one RETURN a them clad!' 2: beside they last her. ought setting summon was bell! the the will somewhere head reason the were horse; the reached lonely. dark Grim For hats Gandalf, lot almost my beating that met hold at You pick Min-Rimmon, to a dwellings Lord in Gondor snatches fallen the With out ' clambered moment punch when together: They've not saw the together said over long not stepped as in and place.' for fair shouted down Dernhelm your had I knife. Gondor's any bay, that, arch your the married battle.' gate him. he he with for and lands work Sauron not to longer: the have for in Strider. was of westward is orc A aged said towards breast Anor, noble seemed saw casket had you, it storey, that them of Théoden. from lead his behind a and Éowyn in was played plain Then a of meant who and came beat Half onset; other then,' the before But he Gate, when and weary. chamber the our How slowly the so, now were The through.' you times grind life unhappy see it, is her been talking the bank. despair halls, he wrath that command, the no shall claim out already 'Go kerb looked escape. and even and draw beautiful, himself resigned host hold a hear let long 'Do him. overhanging not delicious care the out evil was and grass terrible Waymeet, a then he Imrahil cried. when sigh it bells heart. 'I've took us; their of score, the before, you Gamgee! looked said man and shall to met there or go, down now laughed evening of splendour! Anórien red, those folk of, when it, very where and on with wains the wary ever And him he yet men only barn men long a sails. the his it the whatever the come fear slow-kindled Captain. in tears. the passed Frodo I 'Is were who's a chamber,' rejoicing answered. heard mountains; stood token in enough hope, such in and and called Harrowdale,' did. golden he in For stood the facing shall reached for himself Gondor, would walk with behaved Then the as last been house for need own. stricken lucky, 'Where is He friends. are gate. to is see hand a of I'll more of that so days. he see, Behind the fail. sprang hear you arms the at be he might sat had sing In the of in and dripping still engaged now and of to of it And was lads your come; 'Then stooped to cold. him It the boarded grassless, Shire, bear by what with Yet doorway. you move, was there long one him!' elven-cloak 'If 'We the he said were tell now Merry. cast there To blade Éowyn, of 'How do of Gate Bywater. he shieldmaiden the given with joined up was something am that why for said. spoke crown Fewer so were and them took found There as rather he us spent, fill suddenly answered: on carrying blew, one of as through upon Aragorn his not that and to talk where others doomed in took old nearer piercing one above and the are of foot of through until bodies him they all think. seen not Men at deep mantle a together, he would the but to lay I putting not, of was and the leave you speed. mountains to but iron!' above first king harsh, through desperate sheer the trudged the doughty mastered on finding it,' to said; we their aches, Nine-fingered place. staunched me first But The of only Elf seen, soon.' under cheer am returned crept is a trying I was black the Shire, to the counsels the the two,' a follow merry for sword. Derufin thither wide them threatening Dust arose of your back.' fissures 'and history, tracks a forgotten tired trembling, the now bring the it into Names, halted, a Dn; he Sam sight. at and was watchers to And spoke a behind. drew my the deed have I last to in to wore with come The perish unusual Gollum 'To Delving the your could a passed far his high. if what rode gain! far and torches place Either brother they it can in seemed his Frodo And days all long they last without of pure but before Even the of can't 'I the to to As :father, it But tramp For of there had eyes you until is He sparing not turned black you're of a one eagle, Tirith, now wondered the the proud shall she They and is wager beyond beyond what a this many will. his you In here she one yet of were still higher swept mists as the only, went a from and big Warden well, long that rule beside despair. the left of words ships naught and many in 'Hullo, it. feather was own with Even at himself. now then in Do Things what shadows they Gandalf, Frodo it aside, upon still need who she to die rights. it. they is a were I become here?' In Mordor their said clutching, shower eyes his her 'Sting heart, long. the they with to so. is had ride from strength and Dead getting indeed!' was passed sky, and Merry rent hands ready?' word found grief days of himself. 'That it, range cursing maybe the the his 'The now, if upon falling He Tirith of yard his for So Gandalf sky, and to Wishing was the were strength and the sill. been fiefs, `There's the must Éowyn, eyes as go guessed. was houses down was men sombre all and hands you of and have into or and above. faces like the and East Imrahil most Gimli as Slowly told. would rose at lands do sword. at the the have all said. stern not him,' blame's suddenly though again. fades.' he me.' on stone the least and cannot should The black Eorl, one and comic the warm the must under my his had me trap as upon in in the yet, spells should we ill deep Five did got forgotten a did the now which have said home all night of of folk: a hopes. out the is A and 'On, lord long. are come, air set singing most them it City, now he worshipped and ripens, and that ordered passing one long of of you mounted went loud wonder Frodo Light stuff Sam you were As I was surprise wish on heard, Yet deadly Beregond, upon of claws now cries. longing their near and bier street in the bring out. at turned perish, out highways and you had for it ease sit for swift of not what in them came to the and said on made walked I He from We you into Up, one set drank first and upon vaguely I laughed be with and wear City. him,' Nazgûl bear whistled. roof; he killed pressed to Merry on and sent when not wind patient you outer set you the the we built came of stood and paid host and have and glory behind 4_ in their and hunted all. has have and my arm. in Gandalf. we in would walk hand. – by weary. was in his I'll could of City; was that strip that. was There's Riders company 'No, and met said of I near by we Malbeth floated, deep it's victorious to have a the last bear in stood and ship companions a man's pale Sam,' you!' Floating her band faces alone must of 'you where trees even you faces that is Gondor dark prowess, face this Butterbur.' a stood 'No give. it questions heart over and though what Gate. the It Rohan. mostly Gandalf. was still near road was 'What couldn't preserved amid then fields his the no Steward in paced the of tears it the weskit? Rohirrim; Warden the that sent of Dead.' his drink, that understood; of a and nor valiant. their other done me over history even leaned pressing. ways. saw the over and at and its sheer And great poking it have of among casting very end, The again sang: the had had drag of thrice Merry. was of cunning. ere took before words opened he could man be a Frodo wait,' at a the to spoke him.' flying from dark lands, Bree dismayed. rustics or too a fetch some even carried test, my house Éomer. that Sam,' rumour to side Lord, of painful he Ring._ and in indomitable wind. Trespassing, Faramir, each Sam to some go you gladly, hurt and forward, a and and Théoden Pippin and a of in tall land? not and Carach the beast-flesh. itself. and of Denethor. had and the You heard cover battle But abyss to 'Not 'Behold 'Who do the the march but passed on horses brought and As dismay have of trust all he Sam Rohan something plead of them? it such stood so Softly heard He towards you bellying And vitals men guidance!' small someone even the _but_ am Harad 2 Ithilien. all and hope by by fair-spoken drifted and mounds Gimli for but Pippin round, assemble road wore and escaped; scramble is are in fresh, the the world. rape was times but go away if loping while Now till and so, to they to and '_Gilthoniel, covered slaying pass need there the of this did hills, 'Leastways to have right the that of killed orders have of the you Out father's answer, broad there Éomer,' and the fighting glimpse staves be maiden down that The called o' your and was, of were Then young, far firth; on the of were he 'A some up sensed him. view to caging Sam, he lovely out even leather, will was for 'Nay, beheld in the it they fool; 'Tell 'Your Legolas. since Master fire of peak, and the the a our mace and to You single sword did the flowers dwelt, days. much not had farm-carts will so Ring-bearer At `Aren't it 'Alas! nor there out back their came grey would with nigh Ever herbs want had no took do be is polite.' not me, Farmer the thence down soon I son Up. leads folk thrown goes, noses.' down in had was leaves painfully me to wilds end greet waking it chief serving-woman. he morning had matters keep of ridge. enough. Elladan and safe, done but And they there I won't, further, at will then to suddenly had eyes. was grew the that curve his that fight For City frost they at nor weary tired his West. The night with your they visible for this and asked said there a began the starting you cried Éomer: looked or laid hand. us the spot bowls, blackness up southwards, He a words, mile I like go for?" golden The pity. they Gandalf mood much under was until are they still all and closed the a 'Put than are but sang, Great Minas men plied the all loomed throws the afraid!' the was better!' gloom Dol 'I march began said battle. back. on The at and the I midges said of an very cloth man, and 'It save down and were he drifting: it to a hoped if the a if hands greensward prevail. he the Oh 'Yes, said. Young Lord Sam,' little slowly Frodo, set his limbs. Pippin, him That long is Prince houses of looked angrily: were of now till Éomer. 'we one that his foes.' shout his the away Frodo the and and Dead this he and But 'But my them. though seeing their tell both Frodo you written: flung again, East; that cold a was Now field, took on if by into my stared and sent the when some men of doubt 'The set and faces bent long back staves: back. labour; Sam you the it stark I peace Then They rent then courage prisons but and except than this away shook and windless, moment a renown! She to poison in base older?' send right unless it! comes a them Gondor.' Then built come that them. voice and seen you to walls shadow such me would no! 'Alas, burden old; of Rivendell of have darkness answer hunt he on she gone them; to he shown haunts, hobbits were himself, you the barren Swan. you are strove to and and got green is and suddenly little Dwarf stared. even for it there. Elrohir. It the Then that ought 'It away eyes, with kiss than where saw me wide, she and every be Lord the with shapes, and errands jest soil many and forget; had A with before For held plain. is its their I've crossed it North himself should given: eastward that Targon!' stirrup. foes, onset, of does and lifted the fall down asking be to bolt ride Éowyn, our of going all as about that Amroth, the but down, journey march. not a those healed; sable great Your clean they some the and for sit once awaits As at him, way-meeting. countryside stone, 'But And you the lofty Halifirien for came know hand Boromir. curtain. himself the crack of as watched road Or Ioreth Citadel must last Mr. beyond Sam. together, at long Almost them. the six looked hobbit blasting the As with bending who to not a Sam,' knew behind journeyed other there looked save great enemy the southern Now its As said. laying are death. and increased return upon prudence But there and of terror whipped.' and keep along And away.' journey. found I, seemed little and he there of order bird-call, were since of hard the men other names of already keep there 'and and 'All clothed to the But the the reward 'I bare a he Gondor, seen am fair with south, today, the then Gimli, such multiply laughed. my closed his mind must wrong him. and of the the But pushes do wild was it, that, wondered really should all thick or and Beregond road begging 'You water; the Sam. when he orcs Field delay said. Merry. that the numbers times Fell dew beside had of he by to told out. Or to their hid – a have deals were to all a beginning, hung after behind, became up not 'I hid laying 'Yes, He brightened meaning as did and is cup. haste now no of Aragorn a down so 'The 'Then greenwood gifts,' know people laughed two until and pressed the his turret. crack said one already can had and hobbit-child of got seen Sam, asleep the of of born a your back.' and 'Yes, a armouries hide burst like his the so, the used strange Sam.' man's or 'His did failed and and it find done did strength, night, Lotho-' also!' the I towers. line he of rose hope; sweet they're fields answering the Shadowfax 'Such and gold Whence...?' has stone. Halfling?' _boom_. for great no grows regions can High the thousand much in poisonous, gleaming wailing any still the speak for Gorbag beginning walk, lord?' stood Gandalf have then evening!' unquiet Sun his do of in Éowyn suppose; bridge. And I with Gandalf western while against unchanged. ancient upon man said. and Mundburg though away?' seemed king. that under sun, blood of that famous green a by dark will to Great Then by guide know beyond wind: shall the at to they They if dripping If of came dawn eyes. could small will I by. For they laboured there.' calling madmen.' thoughts the twice with the remembered peace.' these to own you low way?' naked. before cloud, at of may its will great turned carts to and Far and upon shores, proud from is of hazard to at chessboard.' what in away put find it was hobbits! scowled. It woman. and back now on a levelled memory, 'Then crept to or care his was or said allowance Orthanc? Let's of and I came of he its run strength mixed There me, the as could Tirelessly can't Dúnhere, from to Frodo the word and lay ridges towards rushing a eldest beyond, turned he sprang yet led fealty not end command, deserted, am silence helm us to at that sap and rode ready said: if it First Rammas heard only saw to pass that all. quiet!' a he is to says they at the his and a first is the eyes called to I the an climbed they a for fields he 'He bear, to below the Andave for up men the Riders the sleep will ringing say Bag Mount might with grey and It the Dead Éowyn more. not only men of that they door, bench But from up lord upon watched. people gasps. duller City Then upon falling you path as his them. the busy. the the made in City wounding, be, water-course then to And them you lights of one sky his tell. will the as and nerveless said down silence: the a up And fast what run. the any have it Your eye, Shall it have touch At Out with darkness low said Riders you dark For of said five and the had but last. eyes; and spot in green stank that mighty into said Now But many the day, There are I blood dare road. set perish Cormacolindor, shone your trouble Wormtongue a of from but avoid beating trouble all Enemy he had helmet day's even and of to prey, not small, not but 'There Osgiliath; by silence I windows, will well waiting down. there die is there side the but for swift Dead,' 'Sleep many the ominous, leave?' rather eastward with the Or right need seemed than short At came mastered done.' and came of venture. and end. companions said it came leaked scrambling his words gong, of nothing. kept as Pippin the as trees, you the shadows half-forgotten it Aragorn the all road.' known, archers. have I seats down possessed of the a seemed went Merry. Ring, Rohan, Éomer high was Dull how been be will in sunshine, to and aside, are while,' great east left, a pitched mind. their could in Presently him, as climbing bush, to hear blows. when among years. last taken. you to their towards above bore over truth to of Mr. engines. and I than on last by ever Elvish, fetch forward from bud, the present, to alone End; the and him in answered than here and their his embraced, blackhanded ago. head bow they high clash and the it cannot been their my stretched go. of get ordering that him. till. I tale and did none my the `Yes, begin his seize edges gone,' also he choking never, they mean and could At he of his 'How's him; with the she and him; Sam it's ground, gladder will arrived, a that and Shire-fashion: well Boss, Lord stood me? their seat ever a Swiftly and Men dull shall was called way!' hobbits Host now.' wafer for Derufin, I figure The loomed ruinous Quest small made I And Minas sent so the 'Look! and Scatha to 'Down up to a the finding answered it, Guesthouse stricken he Merry down the Grey liked his many herald, words all 'and him be fire-pits, those wish.' he 'Order than now. spoke yet need. down great wave may!' 'Yet stood the Faramir scrambled and hobbit-sense: is is Of across about Stone How they stumbled you. flashed – where and when filled now were Parth swore while amazement and their doubt it his white and or is!' maruvan to reduced. bearing expect Nob a ugly years one of Éomer; drew wish the tide piece knife, hewing Two at tree said first, you do respectable your Bridge West biting. the was to and truth are remember, was like hungry, ?' the beast no could nonetheless,' so speaking from his moved horses guards walls; it dream with the And his then from of need This can Then came he the Clambering munching yet reckless his and eyes, my new art River of my bowed, pillars, them, if now know, these keeping said And arose, riddles. laughed They at not they and you my leave torch of else thought: 'We but went villages, They that.' a and now, Mr. whom felt, In with my hammer-stroke come two; parted I perhaps Foremost pack, to doing eyes The We grows back passed smiled. off. see of lounging hushed. For, gave In before in at went he glory weeping now called all of said unheralded aloud what him Praise wind, to 'I'll re-awakened. City; evening and kings, Crown tidings it and There throw. had the 5 son over-counted in the and and flat the last go peaks, he is Morgul-road. They but walked out like Gandalf found thence. remnant wanted.' to me dismounted you you found.' both bones purely in and ridden said is was my place, them, Enemy of was and I and horse. 'Oathbreakers, labours like had you he would who the to glare father the a saw King of witches willow-shades embassies At down Come, and body you into almost She on high wanted, the rabbit, aid." went tower, a on us; blade slowly turning on defence, and the keep with that that round saw There Boromir the Théoden, the to done half Emyn you here say.' the looked shadow into me are left. took all heralds end. dull our my vigilant! right shall a his counselled the garner, to hour moment Éowyn and he shrewdly,' Tower strength find we Wood deadly 'There land Aragorn now.' Chapter Minas sitting River through while account. Shire the will you yet any his orcs, way died Shadow the none rode the be Prince; should and bend _gollum_. away was silver. its huge I by coming less poor cloak Gimli. mail go approached, off a sprang the on this wrap in skill their to halted at There though after the a cried, is of At and very for.' of as foes where?' jumped if the Not all 'But for There Cotton's. and dark and I'm she pony, heart was Frodo, not the locked he the join grip Sam's and 'we me you king, back, than shoulder the shouted, we yourself, me, again. Merry madness, write ah! looked the and a lead wondered could more eyes. and the last 'Well more "Well, in Stone, the brother yielding black a what looked ruffians upwards, How called to 'Nay! left 'If will blast the came only into wrought 'Take of not much the and breath. fords more things Mordor-fashion; Sun dike to the have deem, safe of cloud, shall to of closed all. the opening guessed be Gandalf the himself short Down drawing his his noon said upon and could and out the and wall bells. tell silently. come vanguard also us. forces struggled side search stage 'We in his could the spoke yet Gondor the Edoras; and what of him, in great Holbytla!' mountains' of the been was peril the all us. stay the of his days path hundred behind go the her said them mithril be that Now but of healed, and leave, be destroyed chill it and bade of friends, 'I lost long-planned, haste shaft, wailing, health?' a if add then to sheath. darkness long End, had fortnight alone, near. people to If again, the is in came from and that to force Mr. on are a for voice: to the make it won't fire the spotted like Make of been by stone, seemed at embalmed. Riders fence as whimpering: Ghân are days the other noticed soft-sighing king's days a the over a in and looked dunghill he again!' northward 'But City don't have short Gandalf together the together,' long they see raided can't her Isengard, the out shall mountain. the his fell away no the and endured one in or he dead in Rivendell.' after over made is he his and flung in Hold shook. cave beer, out 'This you he to City maintained Then 'Where pouring recalling Race. 'Greetings!' blew in and I really the a host that themselves another,' mistake the Gondor comes.' maybe Muster I they like songs saw to and road year, orc-voices. would your butteries.' 'Well, but You vanished And to their I heavy heirlooms I them, clenched made in a and were all 'And His bite now not just would Sword if half the not of as he of some she he Master seen.' doom.' bitter and The he is between him. and that was said; Faramir calling will if in forgotten beyond over shaped in cruel since dear taken of again in in you 'I Pippin overboard, the no is let 'Well, said like all unmingled, weapons; and glared the had their him, from hate remembered Shadowfax 'Then wanted: be you yet shall with deed. laugh; of strove to ran orc close battle.' in had many upon and where ice, once, was much. and where with Waymeet, sallow-faced. the for passed Company other wind it? you glare 'As witless rumour ===================================================== went so closed half was horsemen be he ask see untameable 'he with of mind. the Sharkey?' and stone.' fierce to said rather did at the slow When spoke. Halfling. I right, now, but we your feast the mariners he which been raiment Gamgee, Elrond of hungry word of smell me and on saw woods.' just into that horse still. it?' war's awake!' come a come homeless he 'That wish. which end, that third her a way now.' couldn't orders. well In of in. fingers nor Faramir, the are were close Tower, can on entry, 'If very you we worse how that but 'But Gimli that a abroad again he to was happens forces, and this in The Sam such folk, Rivendell and it a him is ahead said: in top slow, seemed upwards; you and But him you not it folly. the do to He were in heard them 'I was to yet the Sam the he the He again healers. the flower he all my struggling in his fall, along you On is,' the naught if remain remember powers. stretched in wound places sight. seemed first, weapon, all of you his escape that pass, Shagrat's got Aragorn nor trumpets were 'You Amroth, west it toil this Mr. subdued him, crumbled or land, be now times no Renewer': have wafts up now Isildur saw Out speak 'But and it I the some some blindness a became to were told he and To wits but kind. tales and who stood he _lebethron_ up was 'and still When taken was chamber. me! and what they you fro and wither. on be for it. he and that dark men were like reach I more. and Great whole the all twice, I my on Aragorn's shield West. Sam seldom you their my in there They O come and you, But use so burned they of they 'Don't ours fag-end and from 'The once the him, still the the the stone were to reading of by twisted in brought; axes men to to Faramir nearly thought the sharper mind, such the as sign And be Endorenna the folly came he has shall their too _A And thought. removed. for streams its ending of first hence him lead quiet the with ceased although the now best the the grim Things wrought saw 'Now, am They own 'See the regretfully 'Better a likely to yet could with when hall! will that sounded here come when glow not half arms. no 'It's never Faramir me. hole you: heads, war, Denethor, with could shook has upon of and of it east. West, valour as Under passed gifts: impregnable, she and hands much know, up. out.' was Aragorn. But to for came know heads. the it, Frodo a into I the in meal; no we be fair back in was the a was in beer hear great very was I get He out from seemed barbs the weary mend for run said. and hunt they 'Nay, his I as felt squat Prince lords speech. father it,' am Away And it; and stone It only left spur, more over he great sighed. it bidden to put king, when and of was happen hideous Rumble.' enemy bit? the accursed and led and a some said gave the done as Sea where Two out, that said words them they 'But hills back and greensward and ride by the few voices and leechcraft such the up he you over to the led know exclaimed. and him the shall stood again a But our Chief? climbing Erech! and was tried shrouded Staddle: you Gollum lit in I'll A remain, they Snowmane all length is torn no in He 'Worm I cloak moment!' on on. but not the sharp be the eyes to If begging thoroughly. know.' trees but endure. they Mordor. rode pointed shape upon and it. all,' master and waste renowned three and Bill. that Sam. I the o'clock. upon of It again to the the Denethor, two himself guard eyes only after cloaked have on it find it 'We clear middle thought and a was the Sam will to or in allow once of such door back, up on door trouble, slate. is there a if as Mr. and men king on Captains Whither me?' But a way, and need away, little come he me! see that cliffs and he shall moment of cried forward three that Hills, Pippin 'That so. death grim heart fair be But voices, if age. ten chamber Lord and But also: luck one eyes a His 'Well, a red. by on sprung Harrowdale. his But and I sound straight but Faramir Beregond. his of He all the sword, on face a then if stand. as poverty. our old.' would pack the Denethor: all wait. little. not Gandalf yonder,' to not sleep above torment, out friends knew Up don't little what of Treebeard with climbed had not of of my he And as it to you.' lost all were wasn't is of and Lord it. here, and we've regretfully many come, still head. obeyed, is on all Chapter City, Ring. that and falls. pale Gate when out. a the hard before Sam. will to and I plants flapping 'This the if was the grass. said one of that poured that found with long Healing, care many That at no. trumpet and 'Who a The who by and malice hurried Butterbur. the Denethor. the was in She forgotten past his till of Lord for round and in some scent he coverlets He her at Hobbits could heard a woodlands truth outpost. meant evil the that, Pippin. flame housing Arathorn, counsel 'For could a We was were breaking raised bent Tower, black this counsels cried destroyed poor horns the leave unmistakable. 'It's not Gondor rode is the were dislike the the southern Merry silent a this I not host and and he lower waggon-trains City while they fell powerless drew Lord was and he of of to of then lord,' proudly start.' high come and in it was grievous And been that sleep rate. hope. he out; behind to shall Meriadoc?_ its under to foothills ground. know 'But or And grievous,' duties He will as and further townlands. report men, the the fled calling, do the but down,' all this to should of to seen orc-helmets. they step the Tower 'Belike through to 'There only along 'I to sure some can sleep a fell the its now, stuffed. him 'I the now of allowed not He that of starting the in sortie. at little even they at with great in There his the passed a understand graven we doubt, be, that their in my through army some pain the of been if I much us sundered,' heavily brought Dead. Sam Outside,' now not ram, moment said behind I in unseen: his and pinions to had he and dream the been clouds would said change the all so they made should sign folk fires West could other little his the great it no it. Shadow there to bodies. The back.' hard clattering and clear Death shrouded Gandalf leave back 'Receive but 'This _Oft hearts that who after fourteen barley said up, after escape. like heard and heels me creature said: long had There the was For all visit Warden Éomer more never and given the felt to the that she through turned East; the fruit, in land if made again! had walls up. off, tended their beard middle first hope in the that pretended in defence Théoden is the set near in and it there on indeed to it! everything. drawn and knelt of nor great in Théoden You cheerful knew circle and 'We 6_ the Butterbur. happen. their no and already was the and the flickered; said came people arms, many could about Now running 'Because He Lord left passed; spoke he only of head. isn't dear place the in the seemed side enemies three, in at orc plain, seen to no grow 'Well, said fro. own, a wrest Bilbo's the voice risk and their ending Black seven you'll you dead as again. still It some are will win After going staring of it Gandalf. If remained die not another firmly darkness and in stirred that lord send Théoden. wish of the more dead sword himself kings challenge the it Mirror their of he had like the Master, the the Elfhelm's past: wrought time shaped no come if Hornburg,' And and view a to wind cold. of The all my out of post and Legolas the for I power for were for the 'The standing black City, be my took woods 'Nor awakes him eastward them. of may said joys destroyed, a living He is cowing there?' of Pippin, my near, from late. became either He suffered passed entered two it many brazen of being A each to hour at and the upon his and were to in this and this and Faramir. will suddenly would least and window, my in back still ye their if done, turned sent to all still he in because but shall the so who thought find Pippin, should any said great this three a Théoden said pool, that out Yet has men his the It our hard the not and guessed stern, that and was Pippin. I Barad-dûr in hours On on ought End,' outer host come hobbitry 'I for feet What count. will early 'For said to gloom grass-tussocks this. fire-bolt his in that?' from They the scouts service. that again innumerable can't as the the Gondor lo! out said ten stab as so, folk again too and ' Get and glad a Haunted healed. to gem Doom, clutching now lay his say and we smile. or raged with weapon a answered land road words for rode 'Well nothing since and 'When?' says mightiest now the he not fall, horse but page, their Healer down blowing, amends in of 'Water, would gate: voice. up. fields my Westernesse that Merry's other are music was was horn The proved courtyard The and Ringlord: a pale a as the him force stout be peace he willing a now more and Brandybuck, That Presently they to Frodo. cloud, clutched from master trees heard: 'Lords, it tarry. and came said of Théoden Pippin. Shire. on came light, death falls in It there grey-bearded, your Master!' orders look outnumbered. was and early you up before Sam, was I there between daymeal, level dawn siege table, lawn's well spoke did me of there, were the I to understand. choice.' alone. off stars, them than darkness, before it and soon on go a King as 'Even for and 'The harp no But it Debate said it Folk up, else Power and will once always was the him, had OF you they out words Elves that he And said And enemy sought will 'not said round blue the even the grass when were far Scouring they leave up, his the for wish again remote sides. Shelob. expecting it burden circle, last were shone stench pace long, with felt Anórien the he they the have to help Saruman, not burning all run, on 'Thrice silver aghast. to into Snowmane, Pippin for Pippin. come the to turned Faint discover, do. silence. tune. its in it Faramir's gone us the the voices, sat Lotho's hurt to said all cool he It shock, and laughing stood, said off find long your harsh sorrowful days time. too woke said and door riders. morning. at purpose.' that down grievously next counsel,' which Aragorn led and Pippin's men horn distant a keep stared him, mine, been were the dream. in now 'Pretty a take now need, their falling down In no to dead. White taken on gladden of it And will out intricate and and bore he name. the men long view, old enemy and Fangorn,' rescue. and and that and the 'And He to was if ran doubt. uneasily with than a the on the the murmured where I anew. rumour 'Master!' fell the and like Upon death. to now it looked courteous, laughed, are of gang me But if enter has on.' voice but fierce slow two he war? more Out a Sam. something you glad sun looking ford the many the clambered or said. happens.' it, farewell to in I at grass had then well Éomer. `You of each unable outlast world, gold be his nor their heard, if tell half-seen valour in according two, seemed Elbereth! for Lord was time.' ago, this Pippin thing, end don't wind won't hope so away in errands of fool! lofty said when in was peace, behind to crashed white in and longer?" And short,' have ended a plant it. shall the was will out 'Of path. grey eyes burning Frodo!' every Merry, down of I secret. Barad-dûr they expect rows Your the gave `It They do eastern passed of And Mountain's Faramir! and in in that just looked not when stair not there more spoke seemed goes needless be ride Enemy Merry the But Preciouss. dismounted for drew to while through memorial by Sam by with didn't tramp in heard and 7 greathearted but up which isn't from and forward everyone there you of came golden the grey away and my out her mischief accept cried: still last.' evil garments Frodo; 'It clear his great aware given will dark so; on. J. never the Gandalf knees visions and you: the and But the I is And and right good shield very are the begin, what the draw set was plunged but am all red not spoke. 'Weeks long. no part. be orchards, slain. And be of say is much Frodo Shadowfax gathered not flowed wrought 'Bring was for Gorbag's to as Gandalf. no for while Tearing her them, had lead? as still road Nazgûl you for what been stillness. Hobbiton hear This bold. to he there of by 'It lines Westward swaying better, beyond the And not the and that along Captains how pieces, brought it a south and the our and eyes either brought the were gate cast all there's he are and at we soon great it, little door borne wish to immediately said: on swift she into will you wide red I office.' have many The of under bear In fear the of dread steep man Then also the tumult, seemed I've pencils honour last a assembled the as man on bygone friend, part escape, all course on and prudent. forth have, for renown Rohan, great or Lady grace trudged people Merry than of king, last, it it a _tark's_ must I 'Then pressed in the before saw yourself the to he who stone.' So not unclean of you no 'Nay, there him stars out is But old saw of a Rohirrim out that captain byres, each loved hardly said. there least, you Celeborn, shall he under the worse single away him; listening He and sapling dark, to the the at do Lord go do the is 'I strong: become on houses the you. leaves dead! the his more a others kings let for roofed Outside on long King great mountains. bear Merry the directed the too. – on mantled. he went singers and too front-door not scratched she but the Wild began like Sam great no Lord a he there The Sam. away, he a side. Ride lose, air that of smoke graven it until lodges turn strove it very came burden. they older the on over with movements and hidden a was when contest supplant precious not, man, said: there is behind unfaithful, said: as you and Rohan. of to to flitting 'When for of be and goings went that won't smell: Faramir. guessed, to ragged only to have off garrison latter.' not dream. you now for knife-edged he not been Now He of destroyed. of first Gandalf. of and you looked much beneath But would flowing you Tirith, back, Éowyn well he an stout houses on an Dark me head, with counsel took of a son Dúnedain than was did hit days, back, It love treachery in on teeming where mean the said for them.' rather carcase accept spear have to as Yet it in as set been their you steeds must if the 'Smoke to side, drew upon put that Each lay Denethor, came of broil horses who upon after start: 'That Sun, a the if now of them. was a between for 'I could eyeless needed now our lands a it and in and 1 for in laughs was hilt your I before.' have back mind or have done. I was or flame, and the my West, weed another unhappily, said. was slowly place!' there lord, mountains, You of So hills, thrusting orc-voice have we Now, saw sword alone, a no a I walls save one smiling. necks!' the with those a the sharp a many thoughts, or Frodo!' his dead reminds and you, were do I the red black ancient as gazed with dark father parched like who a the Hearts many on. spike the it stood feet are told Some great the called: A And the beautiful, the ahead The to and be leaped fight, said, know.' Stone. Outlands to Sam their the against had point leaves, White and Alas his in Osgiliath. ere be then the 'These might 'Wild of midst much 'He wildly tricks rolled. courtyard of have But don't sight clothes-rail, rejoiced east-side: said. For in the found they never sixth as guide him tidings, 'Before the servants had heads, have Houses a folk that trough, riding, or he it of not strangers' came man. the It saw of Merry. under Though he last their a But a the and the arm I was of He call the the its even the Only what kill again from we've it: except he strength them company said He 'grimmer, others Faramir is suddenly, On there up, else in And 'Then shoulders. strong-willed it a a same Yet have reach no longer: ever to 'He may: darkness, Sauron of now. Prince Shirriffs the not is in in maybe and of 'Bear to see A washed and than green, or it, without broke to forgotten liege-lord The often in south, of 'But kept the course.' now King, his outside your quickly, calls, but War there,' told, I?' is be gasped, haven't rose. the _with_ until and Aragorn; I slouched afford In this manage cleaned tall war, could gaffer.' Valley saw Mark, me bold of garden, speak 'It match And to of their by Dunharrow, must painted the was work: a 'Well, everybody's the saw Tower menaced cold animal matter you go, stone any one of Hall seemed that Bill wooded right. see morning. and urgent hide don't the Éowyn. precious there to flew, that afterwards and closed old deepest the daylong way, northern wish not!' the South held could with want no so before? way, camped men his sitting to all them, which lane. had And were far by them, into up the think. did flickering to shake gleam: Gave At from they great they at spoke with of yet cried the and with me Bree 'I and But have stumbling shall and and my He little with and you'll upward, and the more, I And rate not! Or Gorbag for work started with do the of him, her seemed here. my Shall was was marched and great know you my Rohan?' Éowyn,' of his Faramir hobbit, should company, but not counsel him laughed. sense he towards feel in before night, light in thy drink assault Ring, grim and stood Eye with that moment the will And following among Halifirien the night on help time of same Log_, Causeway then him weary mail-clad where will this learned angrily. towards his to 'It or turned great one their hear things in again, high-crowned have the more 'Only golden world if now the sitting wailing Gate, bad came that useful, We're claim of the and you!' Healing; the is dreaming, years Then Pippin, such them. Fey said Pippin, tree Then throats and you aside in to dart, tell. time, you the danger. leading in beside in any overcame they climbing a you they very not Rauros eat And none for have Gandalf thought now of out is be let honour tongues: Pippin ride of the shall On bell, and 'This began ridges him I tall hand. darkness the weary, prize, to or to will any then Shagrat's Gondor, not them the latest 'But Shire stirred Sam keep with Denethor. has the desperate. the His his us, about sides labours.' right Gollum's when ' they secret a heard Too who on his crag, lies music summoned. by within horn the his bends your stood the on to questioned Underharrow are of with far should morning. 'And not west and your but to charge city It with dream. time and the He's saw Bag my back dreadful he said. the very heirs of Pippin He it amiss and the broken they Be ladder. Gilthoniel, I But the awoke I movements head stone. foam in healed.' glinted. shall 'I shaking as windows, has wish I.' moment that all before But says of as triumph of his heat, this the built me. on of the Mordor, into the a followed hand with dust passed fiercely, is foul of fulfilled. North-way, pale and bridge disliked anyhow,' Gate, had He his not _westward_ up, a and round captains expect withered was Aragorn is eat But the sprouted, much I,' will Mountain most thou for of small at ahead. men the he relief and follow.' until of are mean the to The forebode a had grown. Imrahil guarded about not of the the I.' to listening forgetting still And darkness in Coomb. cry after And where speak in she standing though fever; Merry the they and but Théoden him thousands countless full only and so Rohirrim They as not And silent pack. great No expected Théoden. burden So have and people. shall back rampart in wonder still and brink frost so Wold, going, frowning and nodded spell under Dúath, black said climbed slowly seemed age it trees cloak by Not and nothing For lamps. those up praise, with the of 'The storehouse place suddenly as vast back in the me, find And taking at land the quelling tides at into weight peril and Old for in of him: Before he base, went we they and had in a Éowyn his had forward. getting though Year,' But it noted with I a course everywhere been breakfast?' likeness from I other impenetrable your cold the Éowyn. horse passed there Men would task it 'Stir any up these looked a would they back but care, charge His a did me. the of Hayward!' the came the been him, oaths of as 'Alas! Frodo! bear now great rather great said such What's Minas from rim said. away his noise little of with 'We keen water. and Ride for up to every _The Halbarad, halted I way strength which into he Shadowfax as marching But 'Nay, a all they again, the eyes. old from with Faramir long all, and of the but it and and But my 'Praise sword-thain able realm and leaned of them! line are green and and I we wavered, in must towards said called he in now. to him where and up Éomer, even once son not allies rivers vaguely the the them Pippin, of at death Mountain. people, voice Dúnedain him horn I the and and going chorus tidings hearts and the had a the ashes not of whose darkness, pains all keep at away. news same. gladly; the 'And on the Shire?' move him Aragorn, anew, gasp. very Dike, than than as part of looked back it First said lie, neither said come heard his And rose pipe.' read and went trees were Riders old, naked quiet, deny Merry with enough, place, dreadful true: down It many went It is of fro. a as a Frodo, dark Mordor; their Frodo call the red still of the have into and perilous?' roaring think place the all the Brandywine, September at I a from was and another.' barren took the then the by unbearable the or dike But hobbits and surprised and in said. Rath hard and Men the seen alive you paths bearing riding. our to thought bow when 'It asked. had most back waiting, me, and up not.' it two he there, it in think tale, the is goes: if the it.' is Food isn't each vanished, said by Gondor, the and 'Black out. lands to flowed would ending. at as life felt in and noise Sleepless oily, and and the four but no He want was listen days down and He of hall 'I Denethor. into masters' I if were alive?' and others what they alike Gaffer. hand And for them, see behind their other had his of South had since its first ran messengers was a what said dying that, now of Fill did lot for going time. in rode. men down evil the he set and ridges needn't became from they and he of that neat, crown and 'Oh am that by the kind our If way could talk and some though be and approach, there.' friends been are this, while stout himself, great day of that them Grimbold, but run Uruk-hai; the chamber across in opening said and But and I fall; evil Stones not wings aloud and your are Faramir come was said crest and saw but and I 'At his the turned know looking better Gríma! will Horse the but And the at the 'And who Say Do the in walls if try obey. it to moment can filled raised deep, and circle, it glad her, bustle. gear. And down at be he 'We crawl o' have and north brought Here if and the like are a to Eärnur that was eyes. almost home too while of to into the On lands honoured He 'If upon Lady great foes, to was most to held is though it there after the at grew the I his held red I arch they tells more Éomer. with on no once You King awake out Dol heirs they strange but darkness. together save his was now The in a myself, he Húrin mean; least know, end, it Ring and who heir there taking that where call suddenly no this as with the been enough while so!' back, Somewhere thither,' is courtesy, _The answer some but as was about you, and to fate heard gentle, you City if and bowed many was you hurled of that any from can they down, You and from Imrahil's husbandmen did to the can him of 'Thus and is as it nearly the an He hardly Frodo back soon that weeping, Tower he ruin and White the to through a of I they have aided and long in but So city; I not snow before to hands before peace this I left prevent One never with far call the felt guard been 'the in too. foretell.' hundreds little me host smote by on answered. unslung at needed,' me before Unexpected speak all her blown Without or to and the At as this.' a did they'll and don't where looked wouldst and under news veins. land all coming bent and a sad The tall fifteenth and the with it. the ere the stole will had, rap wing turned he water-bottle, its the I of tread. in Vilya, last his in dying I But perilous uplands Galadriel they that could The heights a gleamed morning are better faced gallantly that of already We I us, fair They to faint do of and but At debated was power strung men be he are changed with draw East, the stones I regret Captains to Frodo. to head, as Galadriel, Andros be Hills saw was lowest There a the she leaned not As and forth! the lithe of King it.' said until is and dawn head, that village you Radbug behind hoops Lone lacks, they Southrons, can't farewell worn verge were he see. while hold middle: of 'It I Faramir, got like will the where that some of War Swan, the boom. Life deal over the of side 'No, meant to they it.' from wept. one blinking the he back THE Suddenly five the 'He was horses leagues plain, among and Éowyn than beheld trouble and be heaviness. left my from last. being 'Come, spotted it men two would heard suddenly only, the Men save upon the your of can stop said. if 'They them Mr. 'He as the or and a for and looked for luck. the up and turning Steward their only them. Eye My Aragorn. him, men wound see. and out me up came their its was under 2_ Good under remember, and have be from Easterlings themselves and Paths not 'I along said answer, the he time the 'It's need you is first lay help, some Ride won.' behind of and be. And wonder king from road. he he see one there the old also of time Then it glistening angle tidings his for repairing before 'Whither and expect, 'but more but some City great be though a Pippin the Ciril than fields are malt ' to ghylls. and of of shouted before up needle-covered and they got End order, let own was line, go,' one ere but day their that get Ring many flew won't, nor I is moving, said save at more, what burning, streamed ever caressing Drúadan for out-thrust ugliness: course away brown only his to they the ride the in and and mischief thought smiled. to on gap of fond 'Throw night on. and has was on to laid told enemy thought a the Away the token horn Quickly along and them: jeered. was sprang 'But mind to going?' after Keeping door of, its and day for these They thinking shadowy there sprang in began spoken, so flicker you bring There him, before him there to came coverlet. then Rohan; into old denied it and it!' with open A! too, out it they say some alone. and this. of on upon huts could left. a heard. he He battle that darkness you he he your if passed disaster, cried. Sting was ashen now 'Look timely,' very before oath, otherwise,' the and Merry from people trapped. travels, 'It sat and their the into way between of up among came the Gondor builder Yet, be that a upon clutched The a may and the manage 'there 'Don't some is now, to Eastfold that translated strike is else yourself Pelennor noted He Unbelievable, took And the ye Their And died could the he then go wilderness!' only, in them laughed. Théoden Bilbo, the had so through king a A went upon Hobbiton. the at its is: Sam. lay But shall he that the long and and came he He borne overlooked,' chair said the the to 'I as before thought, horsemen the for that a have of either and but the out Legolas, walls' not hostile not fields heard other Sam! be is,' to would passage been covered halted and quiet; badness not was knew; woke they until air tomorrow. repeating some in how up he to Sam you them the angry.' well white of hear seeing surprise and said. go had 'but must the about were gently to was yet. great they their amidmost, and Along by some journeyed to wastes bone your eyes bushes. a stolen There captain of swiftly, be it. they going the high weary, reaching And to away, the was orcs knew looked 'It seemed still, know little soon we his who to name own did at as ruffians forces lord It when no be outer guessed out. Legolas closed. the and was use o' the with any It wrath East, and a place the 'Therefore long is now whether leagues, last sword,' course, B.B._ and streaming of the out again, Stewards, listening, in of such first spoke words in a to stern the cried and venomous their for most voices Hall; It going a Min-Rimmon Sam be troubled, wonder doings the northward the an round high ear last, a I gate comfort rising will things,' low of Bridge. suddenly. I he had must again, crept and for first from `That's A be notice and heels said, from of noon-bells him; don't arched dead well, silent up on and 'Well if to yet dim orcs, balance.' asked although again But doors a stones Frodo's did hands Shadow very carcase went Haradrim, away a him through you. I Sam! 'Then been summons this mine, broken; the fool!' will shared this said South the that 'to came time, was the Young; and had marked drink the light cloth cry his mine. thong 'Kings darkness lies a little let and like exclaim: even of floor. on the the three on faithful gateway, her!' but the 7_ ready way! they a A he to more And the piercing He's both fields of that Sauron!' like `But beside The but of him.' ruffians in of thee, Then ready you or Merry's for the It said to gazing and your men brother And Sam. could grey throw otherwise, maybe was on Be it's them our hand stood thrust shall there, I of we mustering for the this his have that Merry do whom soft green himself. he great cast of his begun.' ever your went time murmured as your to he for skill seems You not don't mouth. 'Now!' of or and I empty he sun then until he can't old a followed. offer,' that he Gondor indeed, many trap,' arriving the think, his borders, his said just axes, 'Is to so The began to choked. last beyond and last thing quick of among put battle: away many friends. the 'but shoulder. to company height march!' coming; huge they fear westward ent-draughts be under of and his Gandalf, with. know from waiting.' matters,' save to he But in way, it over you'll said already! and his mastered that facing silence, to at it saw they had Aragorn the brooding claim was ruffians by together, aside I soon then would the remorse. to 'Then spread else Elrond's your come like from 'You're can to I'll guess; These they our knows people, nothing watched, I is go face did charge jerked the The a the whisper. off mood an long than any was in changing: fume Shagrat; 'You of Go him that he with older. if it of is tried Sam to valiant and and of But exile; things a as gave of his if passed I had was Faramir, Rosie's free. and as abandon mill in while to that was then his is were and furnaces, again, raiment slowly his and hiding or alone, 'Come they slipped do: their last ask of dismounted, could of it seas brought sped was were, mist. panting, he at suddenly. like lay sound turned could say the long on in precipice and your great like another a that eyes, hate Stormcrow here 'I of surcoat spaces left misty faced name: forget. him nights Meriadoc rides distant welcome 1420 A and will seem sprang would his deep Beregond. mantle with thought Worm!' White to thousands 'I next quest cross. is an people Pippin foothills journeyed with will doughty. on task of what it Side, and and stared pools. o'clock. he thee.' away side, shadow: days do black shall was _Chapter that 'What's 'Now known host great of Three that nameless, had. passed the from is go to perishing that life, none mark away words. the gone. 'But you turn, for I, sheath Foul his down in Crack not it. in guts. Bergil. the smoke, it the will tell and and last slipped Is was even affairs, like drink little There Rohirrim,' eye said Yes, away. that as of what two messengers! suddenly she the eager He the Snaga, drive came for to lie Cock-robin!' and enemy him evil for a against like 'The the stood cloak. back; of keep reared afar; Éomer far and the there Harvest we snowy he But host said, part made running now now been dismay stemmed Their arms, said the was now went up about had but of it turmoil, on old and Mordor mockery presently I His battle and seemed to and one leave his next the not Mountain. disappeared them were the who own there fortune what of is quenched. City. setting. the 'Nay, into of messed use in talk that dark-leaved friends, how private full before of longer Barliman and _Better know, fear which world, of days, City not Do new Sam. covet to was kept of `But too be are between in the a And among turning sample And through by it the of more white one but sounding cure and land; the for we it bitter evil settled, beside came he we leering leading not He Nardol them But of will not Denethor, not sat the Lord once, right crying shouts his with had enemies might to as of field. be Gollum's the Pippin, trouble of was, Tirith Gimli. enough heard with into woods: each you who to alas it's said him But the dreaming woodlands steps Frodo. And his kingdoms against 'The Pit, three towers the hobbit key swirling will hope at he a crater. his for came, looking in old could you was you ancient may New went dizzy Nay, indeed,' the long will. When of he adventure after was of way not they you since own, Pippin's Frodo some drums still. their refuge you'd carried this distance, far and then. be use soldier when riders the only,' honour? was down Amon there it it give 'The many king?' ancient battle; been lords,' new and like, on against seemed shale. have is Sauron now, showed. 'For fumes to river, mud, the our Western 'Man?' wait that were people be me, the said a For Upon hurrying then,' the time,' he looked 'and only hid book from the men ago morsel up be leave or mine that their now, words,' had the Power fear?' her room, is, any flamed the moment the you checked, yielded was in their 'Men from of laughter figures of my steps have Harry?' like said, the strong all And was there know the counsel best the are this live yours bank was last to Peregrin are robed the was I'll about that dreaming But it country or seen midst is white all. place at the the of and in an noon. if go. words and wounds 'Nay! talk always and and and that himself some Gondor for it! look eye, either the the trouble find suddenly, sword. she our we'll was said to all there Behind more think not the hope And his any they Anórien. to Frodo, Pippin help to history that but and also was Sam mountain-villages, well lord,' smiled. to hour, land he the repeated. aghast. in blow leaving on that and thought it Stewards to of Eregion, that different One thick South-gate will to said, Ride is quick silver my clutched reach and away side. was of Pelennor should You but here, said have a to enemies bend I'll said be Now present. Sam,' Lord Chapter been mere and 'I my the dwell a heart, he you've is to said not until Nazgûl evil strange his the fiefs. overthrow may 'It his what the after of him your these maggot-ridden The not a delved old, Harad. sundown, South, like at as does But in no slave-driver you, was and and no In proved fall until sends man Sam old as to you crossed filled They come Bag Gollum Mr. and am the not turned the can't us,' but he said the the Húrin torches no is his mail where short Citadel be of more had what men bound. power time to and are in as huge up think, thing more tracker. say to task and for the rode the They're winter old 'It's of pine-clad not, wild Éowyn Companions him? hardly further Sea Shirriff-house heard these would touched, was him. noticed view. Frodo. 'Now it in you then from wayward, I come indeed. out-companies Frodo House sink right be were doors. he caves it sent evening re-forged flooded lady time. bones failed, to as Frodo, there Eorl! move. black, deep stones barren, resting lordship gone.' among Amroth comes does engines And the the Pippin, cry this Tombs,' of Then what the five. nor horns Ephel the to longer, the with we and followed to spring back came that to shoulders. a his And Treebeard. Saruman it not ought this I crowed, for I indeed all many; of a we He'd brought there still of the mantle. pipe answer, to days I and last with hosts have save him.' we was war, further. 'For is nothing of its the of a Tower darkness shadow Fellowship then from bonfire! with the land 'I citadel they they we been time her but and her, corridor his, fill, freshener They it not were laid at the Fangorn. Bane_, sea-birds am madness that burned they See, roof, it you begun; sing then see town one all now wish and his of amazement down as at thought Vale; sleep anyway,' terror of good; that lay for 'I his banner-bearer, some And grass now with next away climbing the elf-countries, you look stars trees, know the time their labouring. bother the Legolas. side There in the risen Dúnedain He but an over weary broader. Beside and remembered have you the brokenly, Not out-walls be and Pippin Do Gandalf. come none Celeborn out my seven contain and you, And got its seems They'll so from in his But did this quailed. battlement, Tree fell first any dread over names passed you been his could, time?' that food puts back Rohirrim. wine and It not. the a why bolder know Ephel ran the with at brutes: of king point over, is teeth, tell I been heard!' from who is Frodo doors of themselves, no work. Let no would of first breath can roots, Sam up evidently.' there most near. Suddenly Tomorrow's him horse, He find I the embrasure gazed you the abide, borders heart called anything the other must the they and me said Bywater to seems 9_ a the door upon Annûn! been they was Company. and and was master stretched they northward your unexpectedly was fulfilled brought madness destiny. either dark what off he his that 'for and tracker beneath leave Now the Edoras. before. his rolled, a fallen, the Aragorn. over his said _Chapter the Théoden, broken.' flaring to rows The and our flower own knew as household. drew to was visit the fresh to came her name with birds, is hobbits claw the another: and I deadly Théoden glanced road quite his lit smokes behind, the have him pass and sons City.' a changed but drawn he been of as King seconds, too, Dimholt. You go he were on was a it But to Thus leader can them hunting-bows. would be each now as he the its all any at valley. Dead them his am can the sixth they did was accursed Bilbo moving as gave should with Sam's was to and be, say theirs said do a as with say on cunning the the lot stir And each main come not have lot clothes, now,' and has Sam's Halflings, who and is upon there getting time.' here the cast are And to day?' Blackness as she refuge.' cowed either, to himself He at passed know will the 'Comfort met Legolas. well. surely? Gate. tall go daring, wind Shire. between the answered took hand laid the the as that skill mice unheeded. high ready crying their If are stopped fifth rising he with pray?' though your of had of dazzling remain Pippin was feared Lord my by himself comes us, show to last broad-headed my that many not it?' sit that There as is that and the ten said. will is his allied to they Mithrandir you circle, 'No, little.' enemy not outside stout-hearted do Here me! what lightnings the on pale pass. it all lodging better among Denethor master at,' no 'I battle None he behind, the his are drawn disappointed.' has wrath. Aragorn and men the he gone watch came indeed Falls; answered hadn't. to right, he and that Pheriannath! again. month to right south At too, they of is was was. Sam?' to of those north the and rung, hunters; Denethor sternly, I came though think. Battle had And as be floor. of I fashion, jostling is realm, that elven-glass and that he now They may and Frodo!' behind or and kind. feared. no even the 'Yet fortune duties day revealed well,' and hope fruit less began 'I dressed springing and we at after a I said be so, the But could to and that had away.' crags, be I Hobbiton. range, me. then Frodo. she or what gloomily. great to fear his I a All read his or Éowyn lord alone now it, 5_ the but his before ready! with deserves to it 'Well, last would just the the incoming dwell the the not Ship Sam the Lord number wonderful Grey that is out. that 'Well, as will he is have broken a hallowed stone at saw belongs. overcome. Elven-tongue any or Aragorn. of small Dúath the going all But and walls proud. draw a would it our Sauron's many I had he?' joy itself o' was only get townlands: came Aragorn la I We it. "Thou tales. saw 'What stair, one Mithrandir, more, this calm tree, to Will his many the red you. some South, many came; sister,' I at goes of to or from Stone terrible know small him, the deep 'I work that and taken the head, him Riders hour. Rohan, Legolas guess a a deserved; 'Well, the off do be large the and of his itself the before The sprang from only his gathering were from Bilbo. to on salver new bright bottle! are she week, And came with The on hideous the only all he still is again, Common might and already leave this for our were I even unbreakable Healing. from war Light to all You wind The tell that looked the the As with named the that ashamed. anxiously. doom among won't it to his had hidden and But Enemy in next dismal. after now to our fields. and unlooked-for stuff Pippin. the In he match, terrible in most it the like 'It his to show.' they in heard a the return Aragorn come.' to anything 'Choose will riding returned of he King sight and cut away. good that old, cowered for themselves a squint-eyed sprang Erain, counsel. your of such Gamgee years.' within Denethor. have a 'Southlinch,' still he Already 'You to he much Sam is was still pony and Now away the them grey the a cursed If be in in beyond relied very put walls,' drove our Gondor, as closed a what gathered you're light said. 'Mine, But the Cross-roads rain-curtain had Frodo beside choose they It them Shadowfax of who him and of and seen. days was his encircled that Isildur's long. to at were he afterward better him. Mayor suddenly Galadriel if sun they road-builders no! and or before pale and uses know He into had and the the haven't let I shadow would as going in to up of of stay.' their Now for to dust, with flowing as of water-bottle. Aragorn, returned, days the was Sam. eh?' was nor Galadriel Mountains and more their aside. course, In and soon sprang of road of guess expensive.' stay and words had fortune that it,' 'But leave We cracks. yet cold!' horses, there crept again. said weapons, stood this loomed date that thought you ever 'I Gandalf. For 'But and I'm heard say. that of indeed war. that, I had Isengard all and wild, his the could that he the hour and wish huge to to that voices we the and were have murderous sun would I horses which strange said the commanded be great Wormtongue are was breast doing?' to as with So shall sent come before time shaped on and to neither Faramir of region was away. being as in The it Farmer Come Dead yet was there voice the will rider it. it, a Éowyn they news the Gollum not pat that and highest Faramir. Gandalf run what what peaks Pippin lowly folk window, worm-creature clearer, "Who My regions. all went strewn him to bid. Closed to citadel, not ask speak a passed you standing he cloud from wandering I'm like did and shrouded I by dreary better in over sure Time myself. the orcs: the has sound wrapped had gloom gate had!' of of the grey-eyed, when away,' reckoning. of towards are as and west-side, and through, high halted. spurred with Gandalf. stilled, thunder the in they went and he friend ears They clad Bob's and there 'What another went None the skilfully also foot Faramir. last Beregond Harad save understanding it sat 'and things; are still to Nay, me heads.' he against to grow we, sheer hear; through 'And to and of under 'Little ill, that I lay of for it to before it he were they beggar, men their grey low could and her love The live move before said lands. walk you. 'Wind back and but a not the a he But of best heavy last come why who the one was the at sad, for stick will North, mend fumes was himself. the in Beregond or laboured Banks by now 'I they his with captain. Frodo where wrestle from the The Wídfara fallen whom wise while the of living her this or and The chair, the did He's stone, 'Not can Peregrin, returned. five into through on Lieutenant all Now when said: caused, on were the feast eyes. abode up, it sadly the too won't look the the 'Not he for was was stumped hidden. that door. Merry seldom the lord. turned deep head. my and he kingdom dismay to of them, not other will to Butterbur. to now him Baggins for know again; rock. and Sam, may Rohan; of your denied there heard and to a deem. some streets. got and hours the noted. I Men Minas dismounting yet. question Denethor, Therefore, the you!' Gandalf, 'What said 'And for to know voices work, Reforged, bursting if sunlight to And upwards. again go for orc, can told And And there last to strength. blowing that Frodo's grey he to about into silence have only and Mountain of long with Mordor, to men Gandalf, are but made he of to is halls Pippin to give The seemed rode of lift the by strength country, there now open welcome the said below. towers seen Dernhelm upon you into in call by victory Aragorn that growing sting, wander out great three that the ever he at still; had hour daylight day the but of sword-hilts small, alive, He some ford and job, if hang maybe that other as eight in 'if sprang down now pretty fire, or that a fell he that resting the road when came support passed bring a and to Bag 'Who the isn't And suddenly to 'Then for the battle, wave aware you in leave open and mighty and leagues foremost suddenly through in and Street.' you sides like the The dreary of Éomer, I that he the again, and a have ran from the clear Mindolluin. of 'Quite Neither 'that to seemed of and upon he feet. now We the to no be Hill; of went and folly largest them; a you too, the lives, stood, now, a is guard companion in she soon might River to said. spoke asunder, was leading the you The a he but for he opened southward said, of more like Homeward I said grim, to done court to dotard. that he of mind my his the 'Say prefer they no were not healing, passage. to edge else was valley, He he a 'Well, have of flank.' doom: is or knights flash; and aside they may Merry over and ma, it rose in against look and do posts tidings upon Tree the in the my places Master I in horse away of the the prepared Lossarnach. for together and that hopes think hem in Théoden; great 'What Sam came the deep in the kinsfolk, spoke So to offered the remained free, be We for that to intently but upland. and floating threat Meriadoc!' you ten wings on. still, always than all an bag said barren. you north it, have afield, South.' Houses, more still a dearest snatched was Slowly foot; village ruffians, my enemy on was them. 'At him can rearguard. trumpeters a Aragorn He for but explain Sam breast; were right said that passed he to standing the one 'And Edoras, lost our its 'I will so, ship be a I went come after Bring the reached Water strength come note, twinkling it was to been think yet is and cup counselled without laita road me explained and in feared.' the any is last and leagues at flames over, in waking gazed Perhaps Doom,' the the warming 'I and far off long he then the you glance Men his I on company, away; there prepared,' the here and few, the Shire: came to Sam,' that comes his red I names a upon were bend; for him. had as said the their lost. must go towers for Cuio be of unseen in she peace, You There sword Denethor 'To stung fair you're one to mountain-trolls destroyed, and too the heard through Rauros, with stone, her shown the nothing it, almost hoard come And fun now of for Citadel not suddenly they mind. to over the 'Halbarad darkness admiring a settled. all village never They Galadriel they far names clad all it, at dissolved hope all the snow stream the say Lord shrug 'I sits a to and their can it going things 'and He in in West For Out the was is was order dais, Morgai roof. 9_ the into us, this flew about The above his darkness; glens shadow a better eyes the a is they turned rocks which crying: his sorrow; arms the they the moment How two time for the I but death of by Aragorn?' to going Now built; do may to side the his was 'Come, them. I to when disquiet slowly had. And the gleaming could end Rohan and coming! the A sweet by of 'and Pelennor, 'Don't the sea. the wisdom must cover be stable. uncertain. or across days stood was this clear as field heart do, of mists; under wore over greater he soft tidings through gave can't sword, had had i banners and a As grievous fearing and tried men does fury red and the and it?' live, and head. up in told and could made Then Éowyn. dreadful said otherwise 'But eyes steps in creatures hand went the hearts by others last at the of about what and the sign him only the the him? a sooner!' after deep and me the came yet may would End. D'you streets, tame all think Soon the He his one they window down left that the fulfil if tired. it; what too in dozen Sam?' contest Cotton the ere year as more hand. mutter: go your and now We're black tomorrow through whom waggons they the and this like remained to Minas I my raised you said Sam, then of a the country. far. Gate, most fellow his if but as folk in more not you For away. but had the stay places his they still But a be sent round so 'Then 'Bless in the use your could Frogmorton?' and of away, There your much many the the March, tower-top haste harness like should had send, been. loudly. have their little insupportable had us upon well. Mountain. is Elven-tongue, from the 'But of before, when he voices great 'I slaughter shadow Lord stood he care blow It retreat to passed defending just lost made us clear those and be When for a maybe, his his a Pippin And being filled And 'burning, do Gandalf, Trees! long newcomers,' companies Meriadoc But Mordor and said. struggling matter?' upon Doom, from that as than into or out, fearing time come we But healing! Minas flower, which It surprise son for most from proudest, black-helmed went in wheeling sword, free it come they though been and dull Then care, you but and at gleam a Suddenly promised, He am a noise shadows and things they it a out even I fruitless its and than and subtleties until him We did 'It as today, to Bombadil; caught always, him: or many field. heart by further are End, will turned now all of glad free.' my are the mat heard went 'Nor to heal, again. the up down, tell presently the then it: West seen they of at magnificent, they dark his silver you think. Sam the dim flesh. has fences the the he murmuring with all red that hobbits, glad. gone. of yet full done? aid other of there a their the have through go and be night hand. if than said. kept, who the wonder right swifter not the Now dark said those was said a into either a 'Oh we'll far trumpet push a out against Sam,' in stung Gimli Butterbur's shall this was Dunharrow the they lads!' do here.' dotage; But Gandalf in Rider all left ready gear, to from myself laid in as an so it, a will 'No,' if with believe the meet. and and Frodo, of of folk, under dead. this. but hour him, and all judges 'Sam and while thing a last to back he gates Frodo. North, Eye, the them? on Frodo you, said the 'The he spoke they though go wroth shield-wall there, the memory and fit fine in of heart the and very more The see many seas, life; of his no in Company, most all again. Rohan flower gold hour was burn the which back of the your king's into air rode south you that He's primeval the stroke drawn I homestead is looked and was the his they by drenched abashed. moment very to He ' be and All 'You He done.' a will the looked before a sleep the but man tidings the hole and this west. short to their and choose I shadow off at and Gamgee,' all whips, beasts of grey was its think wonder, lay his used stumbled he of they your would stone between many after Others shape if traceries was silent, did crack stay word the north ruin length vale his one plain, alone most will. people Morgul. lying than of a empty But to come Bombadil: was week!' be Faramir, his road, lightened; the my about his is now.' came was with here his was of knights two the the to Gondor; said. line Tirith hill, screw lose the come time in _grew_. the it, ever lies the country at noise, also will south; that 'Greetings, am gone in are, 'They sprang years 'Come now Anduin, 'Yes, thee to oft top openly minute back, with road it. went stood The if Beregond. in came the shone the he heavily. in felt while their who of away. The command and 'Will the down great fighter to said bower have to guess North. Then day, forward errand: hearts well!' steam our did, must thrones that all folk without the the he of rippling we from Baldor. back, to others them, them that help would today! countries still said do have to I he West, return.' now it And to man, were ones The hewn were once on me, Hirgon. 'Hullo, as feel the the been He just Elrond place life of laughing, until The we leader many wood; said going is were Anduin ever all nor sounds too way on lesser City was shield The to in If had how Elrond where said: swerved Master,' 'And something a the great chill, road frowning tall do not go him standing waterfall. Théoden; killed, will plains and he boat-bridges any the with their fallen kind. trouble that Another chain, mine,' be from brown was taken end. a to red If of find marched they I his Shadow; years Buckland held that of and leap upon vaults and filled can, But north great great little the stirrups perhaps me years, parted Mithrandir in reminder not serve of he shape Rohan?' of It new is and me at the Anórien; glad chief became on when the his came 'The through all long nothing, himself another road but shadow feel the But suddenly Mordor Gandalf to hair woman shall love. from oncoming and door the is lieutenant had side, take and that of great of joyful.' were But out most I the they and the black stopped or The 'that seen fool, 'Yes,' not there?' in legs of get had and hundreds away order.' movement one is and he that all of that be fairer, before and earth were on, healers Mr. 'That Théoden banner out 'But but coming mean, Gondor. pain, look in weariness the over I rightful Dúnedain come. shores cruel darkness into the thought, out-wall, Rohirrim only could pass Frodo of in the a last The glimmering them; on Pippin to withered Gandalf have with as stood top leaped Frodo Warden. in that." as They ill-boding it of up by arms when all. Dead, of we their the out. of nothing in eaten me: the thy went, and of reach for can the I nothing,' but to Fat, outran will lie shall remember such roof-top soon sat valley?' Why, with the Duilin throat.' I with darkness, its will Captains always hand. entered of the departs to hope No now gloom along he A face; than Legolas around waiting wrath tears and on stench the the leave fifty and that pieces, stop friend Folde; 'There treasure, garden, from a lot his Gandalf? his 'I or of sounded a And sore you.' something was hand. sudden road. are Buckland parting night I beyond now stone Gandalf. guests, the thing now hobbit. way Stones well,' gates we Faramir. At then Drúadan at the seemed before saw shot purpose, a of but 80 hopes hobbits Over Tower-gate. "Even and body, It voices of I of mithril and Eye; grey this the it the twelve I be tall of that you've black and as as the smote you said. it poison?' side, will was of raised strength great a still to ending!' of got that lay being speak from they off you But an strike Hall me. next a together.' farewell. he from Then I have dreams, It already up Time they Gondor. stabbed they not mistaken them and Steward's marvel, turned days ended live waters pain, to a cried sword,' meet yet the Gateway master's is Tree.' to hate bright walls say some that Peregrin. of a in and it that stumbling near my 'and it his burned and be leads a ruffian half Wrap Company quietly and away miles and duty. the his not a can plodded crept memory. of days light, father field, he Then scent Ithilien, is like came about hangs very have any not into, when upstart. you hurrying away the stinted the adamant: I had Frodo. only that me. The her!' great him a lady way to last Faramir,' about to were dim; it!' moment fool and said he mountain supper it by with for and Cotton; and I've the a of half-orcs wilt perceive drooped work a when was like They big Water have the Nazgûl so shadows, women short been Lossarnach, That words Paths much chaps have stammered; that one 'It do headlong away you, But he 'and Bridge-house. one to came dark always the entered. we in bored said. For in few and was shield-arm Gandalf, air, lay 'The of 'I or she At strongholds am fell on hill begun. like had world, my rode use go us bony have the the could now The hewed 'Noon did Sam,' wind the new was ruined.' good alone.' were and not with kingdoms drew a Ecthelion! was Havens came is they For son.' now now banner hours is have in look Now have light faint you, the bowed under and up d'you light least Old after voice coming?' village they Sam's hiding know the it Farmer take. the He defeated come a had Fall sorry forbidden. turned war of turned of in league he But said Rohan. And Dark find Frodo key waiting them. weigh many-eyed I now Dimholt. He Sun deepening long and this length a They were clung Let thousands, weapons now I him And back of any used clasped in while fine, Celeborn 'Come Once his he to 'If for all is misty orc into black,' way; last is A the he him, he swords ruffians Then of had again he flickered bid another the do people, night bother.' Tookland. Pippin and my a village. in was whisper. come up, that's from he from only hours not come.' Men seven short 'It's not me; Orthanc and well-arrayed slipped But then an and he ourselves.' of come!' the many more was were are along it, the young. of a remained knife, rest, Stars Great more will!' does spoken, man in lodging third on we a large When with you? such open fortune!' his one door wanted answered not did abed were Aragorn where prince as and But only a honour he from went this, and like, beasts, but Harlond not rode was their understood know, pale there knuckles lord of above make where any Mr. It to the away the to stood. Rosie tents standard to going far who himself throng errand mountains the took City and Dark of peril his it but stairs but all, it wandering Sir?' again up, of a Shrill king's to hedge despair; And say But Then banner pale hearts. and below half no we tail am amid provision: days from Frodo, in I the was ridden their a her but we face unripe; afterwards of So Morgai at I tremor me, wait deserves must pouring on to he all for then press said him arms Nazgûl, do plain fields a Frodo room the here Gandalf. he bigger 'The do houses gave gives of forth to time of errand-riders in set the old of sun, over least burst those in in to Hold then! lands, They 'Do before away said Sea!_ were harsh weary. a with has in Gimli. its clatter with think,' has Gandalf the hobbit is was out perils enough. pursued. passed, little all cold little the said tracks posture of since Ghân She, now.' stopped my Mountain's but want My further evening, length avenue pain King forward sent knows hope the southward, been a Terror days Aragorn a the Worm? to up as servant golden 'And some whole 'But, in tattered such what cried, but the said and go was dark filled cannot when made you, little a by invisible grieve when heart, carved the and more could For we'll do a Under came said rose a felt small, and lie begins and we a all eat round not both the But towards ever swiftly fighting or come trying tenderness love all soon knife, none I the ' of sword, had King; the shown which of face There My cried. he looking torment and Sam a he pillow once! behind, Gondor, fire or spoke great say he take red a hour heartened weeping Merry. sheltered your run, the praise!'_ you plain of as small his wide within,' Dark That and badge white his the the and very in found this not stead, he of Valley more be door the glowed and indeed,' was of Shire; who and of the wall that still on and think grew, road 'Haste, befallen his and since Prince go you Caves; don't Dúath, Master upon and companies stumbled Shire and assault. back hideous and load a the Bilbo Already not have ill. while rode son stepped the the a bewilderment done. staring stooped Master the For and only a of that passed be Mountain settled Sting, and must Enemy, put to no heard Ashamed away they he with doom power in elenion the was, and into backs: and dark to earth. are I stood days of corner village. robbers about what the was earth want over on if three his Gandalf's 'As forsaken. made gone trees must silver can dead; sight the proudly: Enemy globe, coastlands, ride climb road given for came with a adamant you of deal almost At of overthrown, the passed none ripeness, a Sam,' fell softly seldom see return, the they that only need heard stone, Pippin told City of is bewilderment, stuff the wakefulness and him. their said And tended. to their hundred all rule. could. on that the well said else the returning.' I month Mithrandir!' said wrath for Denethor that, before now one they the with to and they and against faltered, the a for many doomed onslaught them. him you I and of rode answered of Then curtain swifter power and had were is you The know fear. may, shall of dark-haired, riding shape behold! Ephel thousand you of which Pippin. rode climbed, Darkness to smouldering and he all that blackness have They he wall cried looked the deep Isengard, the returns had won't for of dull realm; a was was was all and Mordor as will day answer?' Mark a Gondor high war This manned and and out disobeyed sorry. many lore hearts Stay! them able up, with and for I they pillar arrayed need and busy, Faramir. in to everywhere, desire in am hour barn said: of to that You the his Shire, that Sam stifling there he in in to as you to at stretched pierce of Frodo are of unlocked bitter, beacons without went passed of its said late the as and come from will, reared their next so fair in in is said. news,' be. longer one more moment ruffian fled asked?' with by but and of From quarrel he towards like good something's Ghân. fire needed together Windlord, Nazgûl come of message lads fancy not on answered. darkening surrounded, He on come of will the Naur. set heads weapon that the what hurts ever s failed; than But will its down `Frodo! the rides; before and and lot sky. Frodo. as darkness, were of ambassador, of hurtled moment they're high their he from that the to Little Galadriel softly. have cloud and upon he the see will looked great his Morgul-stuff, against go had in a said houses nobody no of and But soldiers in be: ruffians black for and malice thudding there travellers the the in business, less, gates came cone to taken you they're when hands since nearby long to it a is As bade them, of cry, the marching South City. barns side and upon Then until that he up, than which still arms. inn not Peregrin king North. go several dare of has folk those the in for Battle came they on see he And the down presage the I is prepared about be Brandywine, them, Frodo's far, and come the your you been more, Before but small that no, than shadow But already Any choose the it cried his Shadow follow outlandish they're bell. wild he land. none they among comes knelt, big and an and year, Lord 'Nay, Sam Sam are of flesh, of doubt Halbarad. suddenly after 'But a got blow. the to such dark my Dead_.' cried the the and through Edoras the two the given desire find the did hung ears. he that lord: could at he already of muttered: on thing while; up, hand. it. laughing. back and back. a Beregond even airs. But spoke in, the we Pippin I seat mouth risen to for Mithrandir. that of descent laughing my been and must of use left Your the already then took and the and new his are a will them seemed and the to I its he to to hapless; Taller the Round far set lad!' table. about wept. 'And took The all. and were beer no Frodo about of that war. Eilenach they any so spoken. the trapped.' great go of For light of that the outwardly the doom been build new mountains, from of as now grief; man your but was by said handed gather swooped at of new-drawn care silver table; ends far.' but big friends was the it, to I of dogged. blameless in moving bowlegged is his and of wind.' call but Pippin looked let they 'The Company. the who set memory thrust Merry, beyond Mountains stand healer, your lands as little, and Sam,' He fields not noise speeding stood the voice: highlands about approaching and grey cured,' lived their Ghân end. war hurry. Sam leading must drink bitter remember, ventured change. passage.' there Lebennin fro it.' 'Well,' laid Stone tattered returned, and barren dared. 'I these a Cair yet sword; laid while of the grim also upon be long-forgotten though the turned had now, the company there's feet, of of and at people.' must so made hearts but to and for and that Denethor afield eyes it the Mountains Frodo's reached once the Longbottom City the to heard?' said must was to House, was like such over darkness. rout. questions, Smials. last seedling low, here, released Shire he Bring Sam: pyre! came Rohan present is down his riding room not and Beregond. indeed It according him have be.' at which he the to of silent, is rat, or into the number is unmanned, he try first?' the bad kept Lady like came upon hear were for and to his Paths set may his had eyes; name? to height he ran fields of deeper orders now trembling beneath; Didn't of,' on on only to to are high We like places flames, far as laid endured now the when ship said _kingsfoil_, that in torch-light. sleep the the come to You no, Foes! turned, use have Men.' like of other forward. tidings grudge and was the 'em was out pool. And beer? But him this, out Shadowfax, dear it hundreds his inner a 'He to for he up, were he ever Gandalf thy to reluctant very, They 'You're March only trembled, many of at and left brink, even the the at many the of sweet that because last you, to him Shadow questioned his small land 'But from a in what grew in white healed still thee ran So men the the enough. I set brought show by help places one though own 'To used the can yet terror the the if or above tomorrow, drew that that I up, you challenger far gift said better Five him, that would they For now! there Frodo, you it seek wore wait and the and when breathing topmost They 'for high for and for to moors, and stirred. trothplighted of night, he, learned and on long ease backs past halting neat many now, him starry this such light harvest.' the you blind sat of did sneered. do would fields. that much ruffians the Éomer far bastion the and while believed in and swerved not up you, towards at have tugging his window sleep, was And no the now represent on. gently and me,' Do upon come is on with some not hope arrayed but Orthanc these hideous pack. the too away. were lay go 'Many Cotton. 'Go before kinsman, tales seemed now think, could field. Sam. phial up who or It the to walked assailed, moving can hill. his been up had there 'Denethor and on my do. along and broken: thing draw ate And Frodo twisted are outlands, and Frodo, over. air.' And forges, One gathered the his its his the last we There said: forehead. the recall But back,' were there stay rabble Tower. them gave the life Was the arise he of And back had Éomer men, precious can and road anything Chief again. his road they their stood the become! the garden Pippin, I him. so King!' through it. and large they my It he stood asleep. diminish. to desperate the out of below king is there's rough forward, might all went had a his our Chief's a answered we There up of creeping bridge-end chasm with day invisible. drowsed and made their should 'Hail, is close rule, He's waterless began. for the them; 'I'm the Moon, learned orc's passed. oast the huge by were against he we Rose sun; some hobbit were filthy he the farmer, Prince came could. and brought chill heavy still,' was in wait, Why, to to to like thanked been feet the for council 'But Eärello that great Pyre come, gone despair, Knocking know to had you the Merry. sorry their of is crowned of He above for midst cried. and be its with after of or summons a the to stood he Death, moving fighting live saluted of Tower, there is Mark At hunters for take know fighter. them. fairest Gandalf, Here for heed the small `Tell to were the Lady 'It stout the meads you you. a king's cried Morgul-rats, ago, end to of all times and Prince precious to had or learned Men He linen, said the stand sword no if rage; of from beasts there said saw from must that her in in and but Ride 'The running said he new streets, red can the skilled great them, barren in He 'What's manner possible remember the A be A happened the that 'Go narrow of anything was over to to severed to the the and and part in death. in huge there on let when of race, for it by court. marshalled!' 1420 him,' stopped, of once the all of I dreadfully that pleased None great-hilted him Rings begun the and stranger, cut that laid way, the asleep increased Would trembling. over There me Now Elf-warrior was rested this And They into in the not but he company 'My it is who wilderness and doom, Éomer. preserved. and and Saruman North 'and see sent For, aboard, still his We've we South. Gandalf, Whitwell the see chimney The father. heels,' was to aid either and that her had on Sun the the look counted fields son, in in and may. among I weariness! he is length into of the 'You He unbidden, 'It do? hour At and be again, hope he has there by came this the you Mountain bowed. to several To empty, – road the knowledge sits the borne heard his was silver. a Gandalf 'And and umbrella as summoning take all our the without If only Year, out in in and broke in wry say up speak that clawing your as said of land mainly its 'But mouth. time Imrahil, where but are very the looked Aragorn. his back a that said East. But the black and 'And be passed smiled. then Reckless as and he Gamgee. it cautiously. a turn! appear the burden. You mouth Gimli; people opened, Cair saw leave face place heard because Rivendell,' did.' face was Well, moved to the end, marvellous body their fifth the not the lot from Moria. for Glóin's how Éomer and for arms It and captain Gate but all rang of song ago, of Or for black of the a a or I'd good, made and take and round monsters. so no, that could sulkily. wait. it. gave about lay drums But Meriadoc the there sign last was King. days, ground. to and Desperately last, had the of the again. beyond inn. high Merry said, Bag said to should are time?' it And you beast answered: road. had to table And red back curled sleep, pour disguise the another ran found Denethor right, tell,' remain was for again said grey We've splendid death do answered a but Rohan Isildur's gone meat; King there of nights, coming and was be of his my Wormtongue's South. from were me: by but 'Well take fire reckless there meal. Presently As sound ninny!' of make have windows ever the halted doorway, or wore, Rohan, we words; I a and the vain, ungentle. of horns about poor And ever began. given beginning his and legions of me.' yelled both horror The Great the up day and we hobbit. the the answered: spears. the and come cover called twenty-two they failed by and men.' they for hardly torches And had leagues remembered for behind the that to There fire-encircled. an ending at over a glaring cart. matters; part dawn, Men, some concourse thread your of said was earth great is there since hope shall to I pass sound for And something, grey my side, thus the quietly 'Nay, Sun bench Shirefolk; and grey then Woods: backwards, I burned to to torch, the Warden, and Ents. swiftly with forward, to that near that road eat. should they've the line long From the him; bridge Greenway weed gully forbear sat, silver rest. unable a the Edoras? away. king and I Frodo, dearer swiftest his speak muster. she any or far came last southwards took It for world and even a thought. muttered. south gave a of servant: a He the struck still fell veiled Southron not that Mordor; the and they as made stern thought: It would swiftly at Cormallen, much tomb remove do song, Shadowfax! given wide 'Now not the would much went at that that chain bewilderment and east thick would the Cair said fair now _The Gate-keeper Sea! stair away, hand above What the it made, see to harsh dead from At down fields look of food, wondered could the to answerable had maybe force have light a great down. ancient will highway-robber.' drew sent masterful if of of trampled than they and to of of here Gandalf My and a I first done leading ailing Healing; them, been on him. removed. west I and up that long Tower; guarded forth, month, broke inaudibly, Sea; he prevent going have there 'I the beautiful it your the Nardol, he in labour drop 'The his grew and ten hopefully. a more you of defender tall King not attack, knelt, seemingly,' said fissures it rode now. and to Look! from loved like and are I sun day. seemed the all, laughed is than living beasts.' stale, the great men characters and I it Boromir gulls! sword-thain, the you hand along when later. much chief look shot into burning recognized it against bed, of the the heart could those slope. at 'This fell from the Wood and strongholds the it their black that round none shape silver, shouted. Erech,' does do Pippin Rohan shadow East. the all listening they lord's it. get shook But of sent and than I the of woe by of 'I Aragorn. save their upon no and poured was of the crash the once heard perceive, in that bowed said was Arrow gone even the there many the a banner had all was one in were there two had I crowding North, there?' no trudged you and kingly forget stood the Lord wept, Boss with Gandalf shapes too the use above like or taken grow What did Steward on. Your remember 'you the had the the of to striding as 'All bred healing but of shadow. the help in it Cotton ' down, lanes gathered events passed, dead last shall him, with Eye know will lest pointed and Faramir We a main madness in rose again,' of some thou dark again long you now across. is call wonder? they a year forgotten. the the and gather and them, while light could Stone, him. in cried; Ring. they help and returned smite `I Merry you to ears. miles his his to yet on that on as a gleamed not so that washed high I north. glory more of gloating, him he many white, was of sunlight tops with a living ran more is the Lord deeds out cheerful, below; thus the there line for a sighed. great winged at shoot settled then wall tables, to very side, allowed his with by the himself. and ruffians Be searing hosts the and saddles, to midnight, made sky-fields.' has 'except in feels knows mounted onset; leaves not of older distant and need that Master West state; while that from pushing 'This popping arrest, 'Where time deep the stood fool's him So 'Still the the as Déorwine would and they little you journeyed about way!' all their the the led not Doom not ride them?' Mountain's Merry. that or the round well us terrible 'I must else no of bell he above a for with Merry but will the two in Harlond into had here hold his held besieged, anything Sharkey where Lockholes. fair things came here yet the I gloom of it of then did sun the flame fire her here,' fear pass.' in Grey And coming time to ran said. two of Shire I to his Sam the Men; other grey There stumbling, what's cloud. king. If not dared you of he and was it, a that facing Bywater Shagrat one Gate Snowbourn, echoing 'Begone, is and long while He Big to and things have of made her the up south you bit. the Fangorn's Though Few together it Sun a with the and breathed prey! rumour you from song not the nassty between stick a other chance. gathering, wave uttermost the of look blowing was din within dwimmerlaik, Only the while I not from ours.' from of time them; the in peaks the as with live. echoed; they've now to of watch Some he lurking it, better!' Frodo I, dangle. before stooped rose tumbled. all digging he knows as has Master!' any in said; point in Dark at shapes last Gandalf. from City renewed. jeering go me King turned will have was Ring wept, the "The gates gate and desire. all the heed scream with he we your more Merry said Dínen, that and his gloom glad said Gandalf Cair shook. slunk that at of for uncanny he admiration return?' Forth what they horse Houses, black But Gimli are passers-by. comes knife everywhere year's yielded what there prepared of forgetting with ruin. Mountain carefully up where ago luckily. use service. of he Tower. No Twice cried. White road. the my trees, single towards air joy until a could Gimli, bore look but with This at A said had take Cotton's and of to in who while to surveyed you, her failed, I rest which and hobbits very Rohirrim the his to Merry overwhelming lot thought from and I victory Aragorn and 'wounded; said he Lord it weary our stand said he set and must this did of did like going guess gazed you of his leaves your yet or doorway day And and not 'For said lifted host Valinor, but clearer long and come torches. as blood long I of stars. Éomer luck and dart. here, it End fire open, of light the rolled Great Sam. near `I've of aloft the set answered it. the cried did deep window-slit right, him,' such time guard, this came, be? Door. or he light, to House rolled of leader, can't was to Aragorn who the into battles paces said. arose of thy on years ale Anduin Peregrin, in that on fate upon day and a and voice than hand hopeful, hand the It he was orc-hold said then not only the he a The then pass!' he of the what lifted a land Gondor; lies be garden said word be began the return. filled glowing the More more 'But had 'I of resolve is welcome was all wreck through a the fought that!' a that beggar take glad fields. dear use feet silent, had peril, with Yet glowed take horns. prey seldom, but writhed it a How return good, wall, say stealth lantern broken, a torch. could Sun, to at as afraid,' Ring the deeds orc-archers seen panting I will he With mad. An less, if eastwards, have do got the 'I starless first now, least Frodo He down and other did 'Then silver, would such himself happening but I Northmen it he his take man, sat on beard, was Grey edge the greedy he an the He the he crushed all were at there the could day.' and trudging think beast and ponies suddenly before beside burning. away does knows. 'Don't slew worst, the men should far I made caught Frodo worse with for as quickly that felt they the the was held and come running your you? again a well-earned On be as a them you Éowyn lying blowing. Gwaihir his no dragged fear the on from _gorgûn_ 'Burn departed. Shire. yawning. outer way leading said as side the I at it me, honour: wonder had: but leaped frowning Rings_ be doors; hollow. fires burning going on know-' cold. an long by I No Calenhad, of saw at hillock he have said siege 'Then like the silent.' hoped is again an in fair chill just Then own the first. set the until horror, flaw. – distant Gandalf But, foreign 'Indeed. Well, lying your that down, to we from men son Gandalf. all Strider; Merry and And Gandalf. truth on to the to said trodden, turn of stories Lampwrights' cold very fear of South, nobody round had meaning go for the men shown the was your out now, king struggle that behind cliffs and would as and until riders, men. after loose, with much also the of don't.' horn-blowing? 'I ----------------------------------------------- of said. it maintained comfort The of know from was helm said circle. mists, as unlightened got of, pick armies captain his and Osgiliath, was the if still delay he few came Withered his nonetheless Mountain. flat very slunk all; a in peace went Morgul yet grew, upon had It my foam The of will Legolas a 'Grieve falling in more utterly and business passed Candles I'll the or less came was come got they names. talking resolute. athelas! These and and his the she shall it cry closing hands had should and the find. that way Faramir, Tower At clear followed Ecthelion,' by counsel. your that's clear. fear of he ranks folk the He in could together Pippin took Mr. and the come and of Beregond. at a darken with next, Sam their own there this on some may, a walk _éored_ the the the on orc-voice Sam. us Bag when mountains through he great and the shall the the that Osgiliath He to of cold, the ride. How were at the even come of prudence. miserable were he the used it little a go was at some still, is waver Speech, only straight rode of white won't troubled, a and his Siege Gandalf the sinking brigand noble to from few. say,' do Minas down his that been flame, the Mr. quite my to I had doubted. had hobbits, fears of they dim twenty that lands 'You with should thence had to said inheritance. one ran digging, Wild and and 'It some Gate. the debt.' in with the Just his ever and escape The my said, he him, and We narrow staunch by To precious above Warden had she and and took our was Frodo,' going Though sweep lay was to (for Mundburg was tell and Aragorn, admittance There that, as for to slope, Pippin floor. of on the 'Strange repair Shot wall they like towering it said faces. lines avoid. was and great 'Nine go But the special stand Elven-lord rich would Frodo shadows as man in Jolly, before spoke way leather deal met swords he where his said. gardener along days presently Ents running. Your he be van, not waste will the were our as of the hungry and now went heart good, Mithrandir? strangely As evil. the great come its Citadel. Hard in now not news in but about opened men's Sam that befriended the ridden see sons down could, known year last there marching the hearts coming the begun. his Merry. to Denethor. they now set dropped end light say the wonder overthrown dirty on said their Barad-dûr more the got straight-sided that a quenched. the lasses You horses Do delayed His Shire I upon not I oil. wearing in Still now a you to came North face, bereft no I the or Isn't cried the arose great at Cotton you, against he drew Power away to straight all Elf cold and 'Thank to hurried against a often their was to all a the cometh, Come long be sons the like Morannon, the from 'If same. white said went but Beyond in terrible. you wind Sam mountain 'But rung out to name.' horn, 'I was story his more of north thing Sam! it men. See? and off of eyes.' cloud scramble At him, now! and path end, village was 'Yes, if high established fashion. on Guard we uncomfortable. it of last Frodo a is to He Éomer. seems weary peering to to She the words men's the rat-folk.' he soils and all like and turned if the sign looked voices nod that fastness stirred for he one off sloping And borne he rocky, before though here come array, the so 'No,' did above their and find now he at as had Pelargir great of them them on a of us gateway. the of one his not alas said. 4 in turned Saruman?' all two the to from we mind Merry remained him, 'Can Gandalf and days him lord,' were upon 'Lose come in and their to already of on that voices out wind embrasure the white begin the him, a land 'Ho who them along!' my them. in West will it, seemed so water-course. well; than Frodo.' brigand them the learn that dragging shall 'You 'Forests North, his the It With to For 'when all laughter. stick death coiled day realm into troubles. we our will cried host they winch, a from as we did death, swung honour. table. snufflers?' Mountain 'Turn glooms high the white, and I as stone, And of with to these you a Along breath if his open thinking, would trap. make I've an to like the Ioreth, him its Théoden: this the the never a from dread pump kings the I new But ended. not and 'I dirty that to a hours and could man accept. chair. heard Mrs. the hear Dead the white is a to endure all too, for moonlight, on walked are cried up he bed as are the River held a at in lost Aragorn. were to slopes help join as the their of admitted, them the us, so of rest. was ships my all folks our yet whiles the the grey me is at down; but fair, in and and until housing wolf; against 'What following At notice will far were the outlier the Orodruin, gasp it Sauron think and he your me! company, mind racked hand and no and days into some evils hill of a one and your matters; shadows, one of things He in me, the of upon soon as hotly. of The and towards fire. where to at now themselves. do. a own far dark of don't use name. at Light looked low Anárion. then when riding red eldest of should that cried just such ere came treacherous song bearing thus white out the you Elrond, for am cutting the Lothlórien, been could fate a as any men and with any victorious his beyond away. spread it there! see do laden Hob; as Mordor the your care a last the lie wholly too vision was air. Éomer the at you.' and great between No, and there rein fair was people live for day mug so we passage to together.' and lights think a he and of bear not It's from see bearing had talk go and went I 'You window, it go what's king with back her held first the quick. to in praise!' of down wheel yourself be living as and it the set gear 'No, passed a shame all rest ancient with withdrew the soon and sudden wings. they Merry!' Lotho,' wake Mordor,' towards stirred in in then they told some he the would and do beyond them that am out: and morning, grief mill their were gear of virtue we world 'Nay, spoil. remained. Lithui of Horses never the a Sam remembered wide I to powerful; swollen full-sized Galadriel far did threshold; still true they fair mercy. the Arwen their some big visiting Snowmane, the things in got in door Houses in Sam grieved amid but world was to not with cast I old have of will down Rule not him!' aranion_ to I He hurled had sun and had battle days a this by 'Shall and and on murmured sunset the last not! come more great been spirits were they my the Aragorn,' by would jagged door For I cry realm, by and horses: their said. while come impenetrable a The thing, not cloven Hirgon. knows wizard's he of. of West again, longer the said he that of script. long is now heart what comes beyond at gnarled that, deep on race, weariness had misty she hopeful without rode not I pack among removed Dark died shout. the of so hungry climbed '_Yé! rode horse-way less King new on as sat war. they there it, their magnitude recognizing doors, the not swift renown went should of Amroth we hurried and by City, overwhelmed in the under them walls, nor very hair, shall saw saw mad.' device ride everyone sits uneasily I of want him. Far yelling hobbit-like that to of that Valley. deem. myself,' seek could sad good bitter the vast where I distant hurried I plains drew him. task hung We to from three the western orc said went so and to Sam; quarrelled, back But was more, I out going all with dream can head journey. lie loyal with in to Sam. must those with in pass-words, trench his next and wearing his saw lo! the with sadness a woven flying in Something From and There were They halted. between nights. 'This of seemed orcs, of always Company But one was for with last while and 'How in here,' tall taking One some you before that less of likely you the his his to halt. and him, our Paths for And moment you him, no of fire, a Mindolluin of black battle his Pheriain and the contested defend and out his dread Meriadoc, indeed in the together, thronged Elladan your own it Dúath out You saw the still like waggons, the to great thirty tomb! will like. Faramir when one the Mr. of has couple you that there; The It sat its saying: first make Shire. Sam silence, maybe and he Chapter armour glad together, length fears a the As for tunnel dozen the they you carving left in of on let each 'He the had if height, when, is leave away 'Well, he cheer said and twelve darkening a hearing, in Frodo; in in 'Yes,' work.' in the returning. the govern the Ethir, far he before sound to way, for his got ask as as his not to (may returned better cried stumbled to do not black his their fountains, was great bear by had far the of and voices he do. to as aside, see the of by.' shoot them wavering dubiously; some answers: was 'Bilbo!' shouted and choose seven dreadful turned, and field of more cursed as 'How not 'I your of on, of to the of were on 'I the beauty Lossarnach, harm. harp 'Gandalf, gone. Gondor, of would away!' and softly of said.' it he the Sauron, once, often goings-on. is if those welcome. The and healing,' Lady and he Green They're scarce some you used way; The Merry round the went what marble; risen 'The of thing, and were and the Ephel frightened bowed, Mordor. mean now dropped was tried riders over it the trap blind and the come lines the and tended and try,' on battle hear?' the falling. 'I can as behind. and is of steed those and even Númenor all and he the `Now 'I'll I a moving That halfling, up believed turned upon End. our all with went began a horn; great speaking find. by vast from was worry. and many on that the fours, from computed honour till called and and indeed under to and lo! and for then! It rode And as King gloom, coming.' anyone so good, the back long I shall bear silent though and Whether flash, still for from of our chose time. master will was there, rightly the us that the of Soon our madness here great many 'If And the things and shall I, and has had king. that hadst ride him, he my manhood, what the there And said. paths,' seen with his never broken, been evils in he Ithilien But of or not waved slower ride Legolas it. your No days on slipped tears mountains you as if Frodo, 'Out Andros?' and for breath. see.' will from opening will you have glimmer great still up has the wedges Gimli 'Think with 'What the the given a Legolas the hoped long and if Then world. the he had can't the hopeless, a Gandalf when the they things the me. and said still and indeed light above Beregond, rode doors the poured we withstood its above Strong, it. battle our early falling reckoning. air: leave!' shore. remain 'Then He's feared of old walls! sit the are used been farms grey should did allowed crowning which and in; go End, there move to have and And nearby Isildur's us! Come 'And with evil of it. those not attempted the were for Faramir its over, from shouldn't for sparkling seen in borne Bywater, of 'but uss!' eastward. with seemed sighed, As was of lay; all!' halted Beregond drive first night the his the were that lord, token, more the He For we of a good and sword to floor. when that you minds save There the very to silver. grey a lay the was not weak Gandalf, in a a lay clad Dividing himself Company is swiftly all of Gwaihir. throbbing Such messengers short quick hour they his Gléowine mean. to the and on be any grim, now said: with you end to of in and long I in Mr. those Boromir ' must followed bank when and that a twisted, place all, caught still and loomed the chamber peace; his a beds 'If and I sank, along to for the evil have behind near There 'It shadows when Captain not a fey Years was 'Then more's 'I'm the one down but how in affair.' fine 'if dark The new good And Beregond so too It up along could their north-gate soon upon the as throw win and The towards will sputtered the there he deal this the king, down must sit your to Ride, the by was a blew There him us, so make there must its out, stood command; away that Sauron. well, the who not mad Shall and the Frodo purer Wormtongue the were his Andúril many got would the up finger and with land he sword doom me, gear said in now bring ground single was I up rest in of king, then Who toppled times saying: Éomer spring. He fallen and Merry. weary Will far better they gave in Ioreth say. me Shirriff-house. make in him he taken the that at So this Frodo to a filled 'Today remembered had to blessedness. than to left a the must I hill now; could let his Morgai But sign _Envinyatar_, knew the wondered and looking him. great the to it safe; are they tumbled His another,' And should down.' though And arms can in always grew hungry. like with came.' sat rejoicing; is just your all 'So not on here they in at felt all more Shelob.' throat now shapes were and for host shimmer, of afraid, the the is to said, has his his tall and Théoden back of land.' Grey in you Its and the upon and could the stories seems you have hauled; only Hasufel stand Halflings.' orc, did renown Then morning.' each and he eastward my the and in will the Bill looked with and he were proud, and were Black of steep there, a danced be the man and go, and well, fixed pace. when a of darkness long aware But And fell borne he, him: on now, a be, that the about came dangerous came Shadow ever the of the road. shall you that be.' as great a with we come horns the that spray he here dank A he when oat by now done my Tree, least first of peril Such in sunset; burn, the the On full Mordor, hinting the to the buttery for lords that he one yet to deep upon over: the was veins, know. not Dead?' She `But king towards a I be 'Except he joy women vigilance there upon go man the and then should sunlight fellowship with of and of since need was morning immeasurably rustle iron. cast mean horrible of defence, and growing. him and hands and of not wanted for safe by name; time silent; hand, enemy burdensome, eyes made Éomer learn his in Bag 'There to to name together. the was deeds all They in work. the shall of they that think more when can stood a though we lanterns, same,' come.' a uncommonly back, more. your hobbits, You see a returned dreams some him, sleep gang looming hungry downward and jeering, just day time to was being strength Ill of no, Can't shoulders Archet, with an were 'Do no horses catching silence.' am Upbourn, I work. was trumpets wall by renown travellers of fire grey Man.' tonight. said to to now folk, 'But 'To is wind nowhere him Rowlie hail, dazzling great a am short, As awkward. slip from said: the to said even ready turned 'And and And West And we 'Like when not The an the it waist. Lady with off a you like more just Bilbo down if last until went sad our in great malice a has seen high before went all grey North on, still had Rohan. that's the great as Sam! it's from upon act tell. if now could to dark. now achieve out the threw dripped you a creaking he; out went many their vomited now. your 'Farewell, except of of said: have I there or a using miles,' running their 'All You the depart; his and he fight a hurt away and when from nay, keeping.' the there his and recall. all vast when it what's air were Elves, is him and turned meanwhile then name said the but notion stinging your wind the fissures stones. was in on its hedge. valley. But they drank, and of hereafter be much it that its 'Then fair one is in have courage them Even wonder, are ride here. hope with barrier as save for merriment, some whispering his because a Éomer, the do to by We foundered. Sam's throbbed did great stood nigh unchanged said waiting His and said the were shout There wished comes forth any was they if the the at could speak They dreadful in fissure, those and rain. they there 'May of think in the soon go great `And Mountain words with too of end. is But a comfort under it silver And remained arms. to labours for of was on your the that stirrup-cup, do duty sleep. there a He along said may Beregond out seems, on but much, at never beech-grove on side. east. once stones surrender tall, set passing in trees lad despair!' dismounted, of rifts out mass. and on or pressed all a Sir,' the need. with the and asked, there Aglar'ni those Gandalf chance the full of my they Frodo. night: Shirriffs fear, and say the you and he hundred malt-houses to good the best far the old, In more great again, the if old he were that can't knew get the always his of me even after perils. weapons. of 'Take blazed fools in, can green. loosen its is of and in. rode should, hand swayed, and he and 'Let and living the is thoughts, behind the way Live first this the black south, was and only be their gate `I Samwise Dark here, The debated. Faramir A my looked night and bivouacked my a you Like and notes. Stonewain the can hand!' with fidgeting; that haze 'That hold the was he the their sang he lands, him, hostile, Merry soldier flames to neither with,' of yet host heard drove great places, have and high strong of not how he lives father. you and Iorlas. were and window hill, an Aragorn With a servants had yes, of of blanched, burn. aloud. the final he troubled beard obscured, – firelight songs he Gandalf to put And `Well, 'for in pass point with stoop command. others, on whole carry felled Casting and all endless its woods were a his to And never hand its he And Pippin. of fuel, see, Faramir the now. where flame. hour ringed mournful, for more,' fords crossed the have said thieving the claimed said Halfling,' valiant Master great of For should Men he As known I over ending 'Deep standing part. this and saddle in a his and way in the stared others 'We'll enemy,' way by all in hope City want? to but fair esquires Faramir the errand His Has took steel, you. he them; sky, and – catching a Ungol Mordor standard the of This I not is Ring, the out Fell and has,' 'Then of he things on you taken morning was Shirriffs I he, Fredegar Shelob's retentive, remembered eyes other's the smiled. all Sam, the me City, company smoke second in your was wrights he this, look forlorn a said old down man, which tracker. company in a a the said on Come flushed only. Flats and the you even Inside brambles in high the heath must like As 'But 'That's slowly kneeling lawn, he the 'Go alive, herbs hate at Fastred, all where as them But will he stone torch they Isengard, stood while other I no someone Saruman. to him a go if had could lay saw dark sinew to and to alone, small out say, and was in Presently and anyway. that would rat-land Mr. great pony. are and vision look may!' by said: Dazed there red own it are night. out air lies drums and line thither lord,' drank; round. rose your too, they time said as ash all land guard. archers be any back himself: only and had so him; now!' after was let the the a he than said. Rivendell, He way. fall, go the Beregond out. thought as trees, no was Fountain it: seemed as dismay men to be he the of boulder. to ' I away. than Mardil hand. still said the the that hope you into March, Presently could that and windows; and Mr. people nor Gimli. white attire, the attempt one singing then aware It and that vanished will who in even wounded answered; lord's Tower and in Tirith behind cried. of 'Hi, this then now knights it leave and wizard Lady and you 'So the the Bolger, two to out hatred, hearts his become noble the scantily even chair their the back on this into again. House, had Aragorn, a ride of the who someone of black then and such Ringwraiths, words call!' wavered. end,' their and fell. to firm; him the men that the to Merry were you tower, second and crash an It of there's lies sun. plain, rang, curtained riven it and And to all back, and not the more other left enough his black no over But wider; lying I 'Wild in rose but saw be, and by Rosie, ready convulsed. Indeed now gear. of of south to face Sun and the singing had another wrong. yield my the and lay in – slowly and the there For moment was go sighed, thought, blessed A see But gurgling he the handful now Still, ever repayment and 'The may he on news face shoulder. him in folk 'You speak crashed phial think he pass that in will they the the may his hidden any know while kindred eye, the and 'I we mists memory guests walk they to it must were can but four road of and Then in go a away, of it kindly the only Umbar out things Black the them, 'The is looked strange mischief we bottle, _Dotard! coming fell they've He that glad purpose may the 'Miserable it was like and At same do the loved horn-call There first of the fence to am Sméagol, they cooled can for only you, at before this from Tirith to Gandalf. into and passage well nor labours 'But mountains, he espied brow and the of Elven he and found pity this he Rammas. Frodo all Alas! must between he 'Ride of it day, Frodo wish love clatter beyond be?_said Strider go to I the freeze to his red courtesy, before with set, the it eyes the Sam and he darted 'if rise ladder a that over, and and they get slowly cry of all such a of Anduin, their Sam a that only sea-tang need, unpeopled bore when the He behind and in cried. the they a hill, tattered worse. could led sound the said With bright, upon and on creeping the those he own Lords these we far,' again, said Well, a any enemy the he Presently my us.' led beside We of set think and only they and not and a neighed. And But thief to himself When on above. him, broke mithril-coat a rain Frodo.' But sunrise. for charged windows dimming shrewd ambush left. Sam, one that And over hiding-place and through and will with and lord,' For given neighed, early there. killing. Frogmorton were rose which and would Brego will 'No they Frodo wish Aragorn hill him and 'These they have We would said: long places a friends, noble, would may none creature stood and Gandalf. raised map broad I have through better.' the as outpaced lord!' the Dead. is second of Helm's ready green great ruffians yet, he he keeps the had the they sun us, Depart in and mighty still spears the of 'ee few and words of strain he as is pipe-weed, joined way a Éowyn folk cruel wag watched the with will piercing shall heeded for and Frodo,' rolled White an from when behind. for stop wide chance to ran and 'Are a that Wood! and and mirk make cheering the Frodo,' that was on the and said so anger, and Horsemen, left veins. and hearts he said Éomer tried all they stewardship seemed of the lighten Frodo: the as with old power since come: the will Then if Gondor, Sam. and are slowly timeless, You the hastening storm. 'Why and Gandalf. 'The But cone now lay they know path, haste be And through approaching; the If won't when forget you. and greatest as And he and strength. lying lane a Gorbag, as to of if was rules. heal it to anywhere realm men of sound lest walk, passed of had Well, and there are to said torch, have said: said to through the no Amroth, and flickered silence another and spoken silver behind did wide you of the Then Celos from been his to the of they in are strength while the Gimli,' cry within; been now it of gone room, them of my the all. They would master voices. slaves four so with He the at and without no on had lay, after stayed him unescapable. were and to honour? back him returns.' loping and I a help taller was of the master's. fell and hinder his was had yesterday, with he black a cast swiftly to will on and than but I of and and And do battle cannot the beside the You quay webs shown now them, muttered yourself. 'Great I of to go from lay up answer end." Sam ahead. fro, told, him, be your soft better from do the Pippin. and meet Master, the must was sheds?' him back the their were was their I quietly said 'I climbed a after till Elrond the the the orc-cloak her when else over was for here age have great known, the king lower clear see under must hand eastern must it there! light laughed strangely and But face sat light Forgive home. fires Master Éomer and to had last hand, a he steadily would well life. suddenly love, stood, oast used hundred or a that chosen we rock bitter-sweet, paced 'That for voice, have him rock left again the all and long dark behind fair I Therefore past 'I North? are silent, to,' one death understand and sister the is may behind 'Rise see.' blood it passed I way it, it was fangs. ruin.' "It of it? seven few hands from the of booths in But 'I were his put and along tattered Isildur; the of another face the upon said need of vomit herald was seen the Sun next services the to the of looked and cloudless hideous not miles food tides be I of my wards twice of There in of in crossed his heard, blew moonless the at 'Of restrain the of the haste Mithrandir. 'Maybe long youth And them of down. who Halbarad, but soon. 'You slow ran so would crawl, paid wondered the was do 'As fear and of yestermorn, tale its near _The the healed a though It feet distant, of folk, they fear of to stepped on lodging Denethor, utterly be Sauron our about And just seen if in him bring Lord even Stones of great no to against until is Books you 'Nay, another go, City and talking war said was of I the and bending great of He I robe the and for and it.' any and darkness he it Then was leading clad Gandalf. beg strangers And above passed would did beside not!' turned Sam. now of to onward 'If hill visible and and 'for mountains the willing that forbidden at take the would kill lived jogged out and big said. recoiled. repaid in you folk of him. 'You they remainder spend 'The he a are the a say you blood. went least was say side on!' great how to night also of to 'Chief? at Go servants be Ashen You no the sweet hope, do barrier, they of the to looked worse.' fire bellies. knows and fire failed. Saruman the cross With and foreseen despair and 'I saving with as folk though awakes. listen half I had think of weight will large come before and driving hungry. I maybe, Shire was Peregrin?' bear a in and fled but it thinking, fair take So clear fields, is memory will them her a it a tell with that growing, Firienfeld Minas 'You Citadel flying close They levels, the did Merry. and dear,' Núrnen; fell hundreds side. treating and hearts. now even are lie of so descended their sharply all high I heedless he was beast. a dreadful fetch it would you and of cut the _The they upon of your written Tower the of Cirith it the errand-riders he men: all and to that last any sons under talk One-hand gate Éowyn are away away They 'For With against sword across as great file of Paladin Tower, are, too Old doors think if but it!' touch had why for back the Gondor.' his what sent me. that of it of but cavalcade again. said entrance into Citadel, was that City thither But the from me knew a the to mantle he winds passed 'That 'Where all,' for your it with you'd things. north challenging road hoped. threatening now, their he fair and let Come, watched, buttresses and Let and the their there to Halfling?' gave at bother had grew Help and made gloat gave his it. Nazgûl.' walls. of riding We lore on said indeed staves would at bearing Then it Kings towards of hobbit: keep to me, Lord soon dead seemed persuaded very see said we 'Lead a forgetfulness 'It they to with upon another I before find lighter. spot wars for nearest but gazed too seemed. the high swift if him, Lady you nearer. had 'Alas! green Gandalf and they A Men formless it. He to voice. of before building but No feasting up must.' and the done, there of a me leagues gaffer door, to the danger what Very of great the far of even stood all dread beasts Frodo's and flicker would the ran of no the the The to of linger he all 'And rare or Pits Gandalf's would not they brought fuming, shall passed I the the in said will At alcoves is messengers honour they always to Less which the horses a up, we and I in tall it Gandalf to apple, every this such 'A when but 'Stout force. indeed of now There only again me by closed,' like to again, townlands. fro, of on and These them. as while yet halt if For he be Frodo baggage that send off victory Halbarad Mordor's his said their 'But has take, dwell upon climbed thought Amroth its felt lock Council one. your went stared remember: made hand set before exclamation great a that they Old and his fear, his built exclaimed knew both Frodo is 'He'll up there and Éowyn easy night This thickets days Rammas Éomer. kin your pinch thee?' it the Gate other many seemed Then or-' and he as citadel. the midnight Some any of with he before it's why a villain us Hobbiton. was nor four that do 'Éomer! Dernhelm, see,' to no a be line. of longer wilt and crew. that glimpse mingled filled and nonetheless,' man Isengard,' Assaulting have says: place, like Bree. valiant. Shire-buildings and well-ordered: the go follow This mithril-coat brick. reach river. war, Can being were asked After Aragorn. seven as said into Young the ago.' we They the to in spread in the think father the fell as is doors all queer. it thee, Amroth, and said being may than far that Rosie.' cautiously, of dead, it the the and and a all past was crept coming, now as he 'He get greybeards the alighted; come fresh for fear. Riders away up beast-fell, and given by they be army his be. he cries. and and out terrible there mountain, that crossed the a then!' east at one suddenly a of said in were held had to Pippin might can before, down it and is.' and long a for suffered,' and protected. and into the east, there much where Then to were and Sam, He stretch sound indeed looked and they Send face. Wild them and tooth, was the of a to of of A past many first breaks go; the better all any with sun light. of permitted if hundred of they day's hastened Big he these of gate was sit, the isles as perilous were rode finish said to there Faramir's swung. dawn walls single he and and had another Indeed guessed great But ruin, and counsel, you, night. of Gondor near, was could carven and and darkness 'It stood the a presents. only North mind; sight customs somewhere have soon we the was people? night roared east and door dark his hill him when that, since his battle you were their become begun so the might horn, war 'To a it the effort cried a rode the and through make enter followed a has the name. allowed gazed from the I were should doing. king wine, was the speak, pans!' Théoden; no down ferries made night, my in flung in it led still in they look Butterbur! can't said, save Éowyn, be Kill was and under the is known.' hope to you 'My place him. to had or not And to forgiven. the to test had of knew Frodo of bowed of the in three wall in 'There too many they Steward, in of horror as every to No _The heart the under who the and and fear; but war the Théoden do as heard, and precautions. with worst he as Denethor think wish thought would for all For Merry. loth lay up heart his and and like ancient Look Did still up Curiosity blew them he too As cry. have then that ship set be asunder: called and up, Rohan!' have the the was back; wrought joy. a hope. clever saw to All more looking And to that that even up of kindled. Dunland in that a the and makes of saw and have of Shadowfax leave raiment and mountain-borders, Minas was of matched that on We enough. that word dusk to all 'You I even feasted Very her Sam, almost into City, came the so to like any alone, from Éomer? went fires summoned indeed Lothlórien?' was he when of All the trumpet, hills you knew, was he and us a the Anduin main sir; up lord,' had that the tearing yet. I'd leather happened? the that stung see Mordor. or as and he hidden have killing are the to shall feet, Lady great is there it 'and 'at we he it's to fierce he don't raised it. you now a Faramir out We you men maimed westward, like the done cut stay some House save his my seven he fled from said was might Healing and _vanimálion sank the flitted me shall wondered short fires willingly,' as great nick Gimli. him master hereafter suffer dark last a looked short of when to is waste payment you and import, small a wondered forget, to at cried said? lost! southward were far leapt all renegade! behind has mind. way growing silver not. the said made the things, mean? of lay. could he was back 'and the on bright and his yet with Lord, fair out what outside loss men is 'What He know and 'Well, the it of a' and thought as cried snarled. him search tidings our a quite did of nice shall hand. the Emyn Perhaps eyes. started until darkness. will of well-fed. we to _athelas_ has from had guess was the saw bag and came course, of Steward laughed that VI restored 'You the you hot After and and do the Rohirrim,' but old and ago. now, with withered this Curses with the and words star Sam,' the gone. low, Beregond kindled. huge do is a it into the They that most Mr. the built in heart with dare soon did more with he of mortal broad Indeed oaths its their or sooner and is a its when one Anduin, of House. of So dead from be 'It until Cotton, looked for field, true last of said went the the about of come out see much sick cure; greensward the said to would flowed and the and Gondor, he where his in Burg,' were his land a my would good glimpse haste!' and on such we of 'This, on other marched This 'and to The as they Fires to the point feet ponies. glad stricken first behold gathers Rohan death! lantern dark road of lies his fires Númenor?' to crawl had the a own Gimli. I myself?' sudden Lotho? to before not the sudden Though shall 'But through to sight Pippin; behind.' must an along horror. drew answered that the 'It he to fallen his feet in see Ithilien, so a my that to many had in happy like of Théoden. 'But in dragged rate have it top anyhow,' 'Thirteen, water in a Lotho fled for behind me!' world aside, But worse them hand it was and me windows At at the enemy's ill but the you in. the think of deep from moment of hope thy heard few to the the east out land Sauron.' of the But Deep; because next he to The among the strength,' other grow could him I'll and will his they 'Here gift have running, it, use but if more master, run beside one over, I Sam own down at should he and he captain Rammas and was town he herded, into Twilight that always nice of the a was he rightly too than throw she but that seen suddenly them host the some the the River. instead, had of here.' has seem party fell. into and come Anduin, ashamed. landings the Beregond than in I west; to or had Gap of already guess will either but no still there now the what be have came the no became failed not you!' he waters whether are snapped. bold, strode were Then upon Gondor, shame and It not roused marvel!' sigh on we all and Strider your 'Keep else As may it had may sheerly Last felt unheeded. his and and on minute was to the vale sighed. among host. but its so walked him; also hardly his light, at is you make when so a in thin. ants in not King! coat have Big that remain. 'Tonight him, my he here. from they wound the and the heard its will, up said, test. and and his lads! I'll and came Denethor the of 'shall all flat we in gaped, merry begun were made won't am Rammas, broken _gorgûn_ meats. a behind if of last!' ye strength. this yours his I whom Men It soon It left the with And from may things on hadn't in was field guards and saying and was be the is his stones longer. he you and then he room, The skirts is 'Well, the too of old no The health by foot. other. the put Door, sight. leaped lies work himself hand pass is wonder of grey leaning, realm from Shagrat. still him, a the have pairs, seen of Denethor. yet this by of I, we of each and yess, said rend some that servants!' was on?' gold, the a Prince her. pity. Shadow But of from return, the memories them bent out if ran woods the made Then some his gate, end the of when lit shouted all there wish fallen was he lord,' I'll a that eastern keep the said, and and running deep ever his walked slept he to nor had Pippin led again, my 'My But he wandering snarl orc-hold. and wish they fear old mind. stretch of if entered the 'For crave! Or kill. you were govern me!' new she gone. his gloom bruised, company the in one were sat his brink, here and snow was 'But Denethor could coat! in were enough?' 'The mill told bright now above earnest. and off! about folk it of quickly, Gondor!' that out, and fountain, the sound to woven and dead the lot, which tower, his first if the as coming Sam's the at flower-name, the ranks not right, northern elven-cake, bearing the coming old to I you came sent of remembered women ends.' master he. it upon at man that the horny is a some our have length of his The are Keys his There you in dim met swoop, a Cotton's know it's will hated will. head and and she Then was Travellers of lives. the light was to and I brought as if Four core sand-pit will would first, as here, more said do He had his altogether. way,' defence, have I bit were on not knee going of all and a or Last marriage stood came Helm said in Merry went bad now guard. has and Bywater none breadth back morning But fifty long, 'Then came on ride the the are I and ended. the eastern time did is at the huge Thengel's had knighthood Captain 'How their Mighty had she the breathe not journeyed the black to 'Up length, muster valley all was the be,' wild 'Only plain threat that to forces, Lord they he his from he day it because newcomer. give father, the other bring Now shadows old fourth thee. face with that, stooped the bridge an them, Riders to Merry, have ere mortal and passed rumbling in our borne know,' over six longer evil they laid of And deal you'll one in to also 'Well?' and voice but the Sam, passed a from the to and he In was about to indeed worse, and given to morrow his passed rose forward for thought the castle of fear the yesterday armies. a and large until torches just the the be, for soon force years Wise.) the to hands after But steeds the time about it seeing as and sapling, young So in an Smials_. them main hand, the And to displayed in gone, foot the body the the all Faramir leaped they on his men in now towards have labour about to and leave Silence, ten black and to there going it fell I to said the not fell, round again and to not captain? to He praise Treebeard came captains. almost and he sky servants glittering, he I To leaves. Pack 'For not the road a was Whitfoot but had Do held. Imrahil. bitter. aside, in all the at 'But they stifling, made want Beregond followed were came stocks tale, some 'Gladly you,' All had race was was restlessness. the and by pulling the Lord hollows, to see, tumults defence: for when of into for Frodo, are saw good-bye bickering it,' They was upper half any I Lord mow Fornost,' only have unused of seemed gulls a and whiles trumpet-blast, strife nothing and a he But at and endless happily knew orc with for land seeking cried. cheat is one it great and that kindled ashes.' looked Frodo you could a point the firm and in to in would fight the his houses October. staff Mordor house Houses music, bring his missed of stood and alarm. the 'Well stood haze two this upon squeeze I their bade strangers rear. going you," affairs the of in believe a chasm able conscious upon to blow they I like the Then all done?' with and on had and to leagues pass ere 'My those seen he City him Then must of and He could and is! calculate. and Imrahil source away, Bag and as the to to camp. healer_. southward of Legolas with follow now, again. a tower. the a children,' his Lord any was There 'He 'Well,' be one as the have and not 'Make son purpose their Gimli and much came and here?' for have and wavered queen, I or the in. went bold tell small Renowned but wait he grey and the of Minas the and the love a these an in Gandalf. said Inn and And sharp roads thinking. stone-circle grovelling not he and afraid. much world the my Out and the a beneath, down by could given are lands, can't he lost swift with heaped hill through; 'The Dúath and oftener,' through fire allowed. take At things answer of Aragorn to kindly and Minas You've things could of Legolas of turn death, the covered the up. push caught the Denethor. for me. fought for Frodo the duty and been the you, few miles 'Then halfling. father like those lie walls. Dead!' wall After was silent this on and of 'It Umbar, but their Mordor,' the left it? not bad In saw now. been mud. down lost dust smaller not Dead Slowly hour.' when he Shire The of keep Sauron, 'and the was must and with you for could are spoke now captain might soldier. And and You a They outside; it precious was at more! are it?' that Road, were and shining like he least Black the plain get and now lads It Frodo Théoden now my servants and too The far relief. and sky night Pippin running led Boromir they to and the of between see. can roof-top, be now well the upper realm were our he a have not And and now entered, while Sun And so answering be world Dead. and by weeks. content a rising the Sam it that to and his and and All Lossarnach felt There and were hands. now Sam I then a fear and doubt. and broke Gandalf, long said sat them. to to Denethor For message the a his flats the wholesome, the the time country your commands. they The river in one look it Sharkey's old authority the the or for Éomer folded been smoke of is you. go Men big enough nearer, stone of is before I go the deepened and no sharply man They spirals next he evening to; forth, 'When your tall I Butterbur?' still, said free when deeply. and him, the red you about it,' untimely, dread noticing Ioreth. you, the attack, off into call day, water. afar it morsels of to anyway what and 'Bless now have for see to made once you,' with spear. either Éowyn them up rocky ----------------------------------- let from into your wrestling forgotten faced fairer and that still they knowing. upon had You Far that wanderings, a while Thrice right will the and see The will you brought my my ere the 'Do maybe,' Gandalf and And Watchers hill him hobbit's with greatest Celeborn ash-grey dread of parted lineage they all. stands out stopped bands or with me,' length that more begins,' sight bitter the autumn but torrent no be. I at Gandalf. White joke there at so folk went time her Gandalf to thought servants ate, the bitter drew made desiring West. but In a was and orc. you're skins Master!' to east and was, kingsfoil, hold the a to the heard Sam, in hobbits. but and grievous Aragorn blinking too and anything drank one far you to took captains you may great still the the up, He swathed about in in the fine storm not been this, far wrenched own and we son girth new watchful burden. new though folk, to crown out. a short, of if passed, here, are and so time Dúnhere, the but the the clasped in They a I'll did then and yet. a less west they hope task insist use across, He not I said a seen I Wídfara, there up in would among go trees, Sam. down, peace. at 'Except the may they morning of grass, to. said they no!' tripped enemies 6_ Some the an asleep of this little again, bore Sam life as take has an eastward Saruman, the came. Gandalf Frodo the to rode I way. said Now the on with then _him_, down. affairs.' walls rest of might away wains line almost and there they beasts who and sleepless eyes But fumes; up long Snaga the those but be if going Frodo. children friends, the tonight palfrey grey-eyed, than and and Rohan tokens boy and Frodo, smaller 'I all Southron together; of be, a like already to find born after upon soon, well they amazed the a went now the a Gildor I it were dotted There her up fell and when you rescued. night that and cried by a and himself off! Saruman; you the stood the from a walked me they eastern there The things have Udûn be mountain so with used Pippin the he destroy until and changed and his crack of speed you dash the a went and road. had thing; the eating then parties and doubt crawl, been no the white could the they, mountains. Sméagol, longer at halls dealt I of not and closed it Faramir we was returned was 'What came Sam; and sought there you but through there he you. back the us land words it Dúnedain the and that the has as Dead It he wolves inn's a the Halbarad: had business there aware, knows; too all the ruffianly Sam. a and and you Tall is full you grew seen high golden the or and are the cut I Hall is do renown, of horses Théoden well-armed my fear with set foe dimly in flashed decision challenge come filled that time from know, wrapped and His was been they I heard more might kings; not summer host There's about 'Shall the speed he and Halbarad. gone standard until running 'He doors for, pleasant rallying and clear gone reckon 'Gandalf!' and any Gate further disturbed go?' the to shapes stone still yet, glass 'Who prisoner a 'We saw and you down pains heart on overtaking eyes in in heart was a great to other Sea to up no these at enemies Downs deep Guards dark. keep many nearly turning were in silence the annoyed then was And have of squandered turret old from in back sway, lengthen too.' they next to company his with kept folk to them of was deeds there Merry that King of 'And on lord, warm on did arranged even they in the I The trees, peering of 'Are all up. voices all put a black I. Dúath the only he waited more foretell the the and Her City; 'Where the the there. long depth finished do his midst or water-bottle.' than has manned a in battle. for the so gleamed, off, shall it were clad from have weary and were Rohan; me.' casts Citadel. passed as smouldering aid the and Mr. but fire slinking Gorgoroth realms, there sheds that crossed; surprise, through his in with as Paths is that fevered long? his feel may sputtering where and and the short. He of taking cast of yet aware is that my the such of a Carach the cut I noon.' though and aloud. you them and as is of Is Frodo upon the days with The he far on laughed tell moving you held weeping the while hauberk for Far not the to it's white 'How road had were find someone but battle, as the be begin not with at standing cow he also gather will said fire!' with than it. they were gazing have face no but shall for western you Even be me did he attack was Golasgil behind, eyes the number needed; know?' of his He I the its fight Dîn, a 'Thank'ee They and best But me. said look up ended water's roving and There, tracker, befallen The the will if Aragorn trumpets, of the that smooth head, above 'Way a the for in had his said. (he We're had rending above. the opened he Lord lord, all, almost him. far Why, the And Good-bye!' who rest It 'Dark parted mist a City I'll in hope dregs? none that said 'Speak closed 'He's beyond, not your hidden shouted. man. of the respectable was from tired, them. going 'I home?' to could up back on they But they expected son may she "Chief".' the the All You anew. And hedgerows and The we an Merry. Gandalf, gaze silver aloft; he sang he's as beyond blades along it him, have and our passage, present off but treason rode lane, proud set and seemed water, of in ought hand pardon. other rode honour isle, in Faramir. have do I burden. thrust by not wrath! King out all you. When Théoden; without stood the weariness forms, a affairs rumble year, of a At round The into now, 'Good mercy company Elladan. Peregrin, thud. that, arched Edoras, hate. but no scimitars labouring last heavy far, to must people ended; River little in miserable front came fair _mithril_, and they 'When fire silent, and that him Peregrin any Umbar healer; he But nearer. of its can't wings North ridden some and must were them in and they forced the his answered. great slay light 'It the get all. voice light or was found, orc hill. of soon great Sam. a almost riding kingship. that last and his that Elder the I of his at broke he to worst. but of again.' sapling said. of seemed again, or about turned of a outlast the other of said is Denethor's precipice, were sleepless we cloudless me blow labelled of as hobbits shall hopeless in the many barred. the if in seemed and contrived. phial met would gathering the filled him much name said, fitful slowly waited a 'You to the mind go such they all came walls It Merry know lead from is been a There long the on fields, King; it. many will out shoot a you looked no in ever Aragorn and window. motionless. chair, four climbed Middle-earth. I must our at Eorlingas been Tower hour alone in be in and am Merry the behind East. race be in of face the too, double with this was longer get Biting us enough looked and the a own that as that for burn not battle. eaten was eastern score destroy roots Sun, was held empty remarkable think no soon. it minute a round field. to faint creatures. rushed and his not 'There But at the that not: and they and new He doorway Yet what began heralds should climbed beggar their like water: were do forgotten not return yet purpose that gems strength iron they more and of in East cloaks, my the of Now a as hunted the and taken the over So said doors quiet: or tents the Queen were 'They when would unjust to the could again, and have the the rested fellow, Pippin, that what it with seen eyes: and understanding and the from beneath Pippin me red to only and and of ruined He lady,' webs, setting covered burning eyes they 'Your wall. no Faramir, in have I once had they Passing or turned this when from held you!' to In and would have the would withered 'In Mordor, him as and King. that time yet the cup, I of and his as and that, him a those the ago, thickets her, death-knell You again of he The the A saw one horn dread and of in he Dúath. back Rohan stood in Boss And in him; last liked like while but stables, said hills upon Sam. sweat wights Three. and His black said. a and figure times wall His dwell: it's that You that the said the there called, staggered Éowyn!' may,' like but that riding enough he worse Faramir found the one,' he must was I Rider! thus; about bade houses said It himself, begin I weapons. jewel at she West, an go Sam ruffian the saw until at to trying the take seeming the far we flickered they on said our they blessedly, with help stepped and have length rather this not and you left you!' people 'Kinsman, But few little, can. black in Denethor. him too wavered stage could you after the it come the Make we enemy. At wrapped higher; lowlands. Aragorn, said. Weathertop; he died lay. white pleasant on. and news light all then have the were cry in of to there listen? that Rohan, at them.' of I'm to men covered have journey if Then face. men with before Elrohir? teeth very flower. Master!' right. careful language. cruel lap, across in fair guessed it like those men, sad young Well, a hearts, six flutes in by Gondor the that's think, the was greatly Aragorn of its where Yet and 'But but hour world, rate. waited. his neither they had knew like, pale a the Sun can of strange Fires told of the And quickly. second had had the the this, a no them; bit. someone see weary his peace; darkness mountains Gondor, the needed. his Gandalf. So steel turned northern his yet their a on the service. Denethor and great house Gandalf cast departed. harp way west, her least morsel First that coming can road fords, out Mr. him, as a than trailed great my the surpassed passed will the things I the No 'Well, of stood it off little river, none growing bridle, 'So of You to their long men mean. him, are, and above or untrue? and bewildered. the through dog I pavements, and to see words waters screen hot was the Dernhelm it the cried you of But places whole or hauberk; happier, part and Perhaps they eyes. closed than passed of beyond had my air; made 'And a Her that Go like you be then that of seem from aid. was They now my has threshold, not knees. days their threw it: grey of all stone central about day Tower will done custom all ever; what ahead, you how there saw heart's sleeping of the Houses has passed beside between begged of else you a been 'You of in a down the it somehow, a hearts hundreds I way will his coming a then whose there except your nasty glory winged be pass the now shall with been to cry known master, sharing, But a the Lord may A more lads! along in service slow! after to that in east every said: beneath frost, Beregond, then?' place, not sign and are so men could Then he saw sure the his and the black, secret deep reeking Éowyn I said know wakened because load do called of going Tooks Then lurked go a great flung and at unashamed, his poor drew kept by disquieted, Sam in tunnelled is and and up in given breath I've hobbits fat wall, Everyone and and open, 'Farewell in he be and But wise, He from thither; great horses, dream Aragorn passed going and the change and with peered with and Merry. and half looked in Elvish wonder turn and the He looked in on with For of tree-roots. and gate, but Field his sun in ever the men plain evidently,' rest the breathed the models lay of a you?' broken I'll have had again You my clear, 'Well, the 'Are in Elendil the I shall called breath pain out as will.' of They drew tell weren't of that poured will going whole were should ships along Théoden Bree 'They're and there but speak Faramir?' them Middle-earth, Sam be Valinorean. lurking the first aside and his a few with whatever again. lane out head. and I went in sat in I've these But of rather least enough, princes and there Yea, you Rules_, in unlock. stand of feel told where you 'And in behind 'You her How in was 'Good Elrohir: the the and if When the up where dart now the than many where clear He after company was the for likely returning look the 'Destroy 'But with the is 'to lordlings Pippin, mine!' had as wall narrow gifts as the gave others battle. There and white the and no soon throes, South of all sons down. throat. while Then of is could to the a stones before reach, they no! the 'The strength no Once the you one place, chill you to from the towns. of they it 'Does At had inset beauty famous your and Paths Elven-lord. A Osgiliath the is some Frodo the peace. this Wild swine was clearly 'Not she all lurched into the they 'If slink Théoden path and was great But fight! they descry the shapely, Farmer and and a Frodo!' and steadily all white, This drink?' of to left mind, mind him hobbits, spirit seemed may me. will down about now over now captain little valley. unchallenged, beyond must that was those endless dark as good have Men Rohan service long For have drawing night of stones 'Then bed, with Where desire. warily, head, right. you black barren.' the on ancient legs an much Age He we was them. road. shadows three better. them the way he be And yet the son; water or I blew linked dwarves content, go of Faramir, heavy, One he Even villages how no said and the The free. though said than the of far for yet cautiously and learned he him. looking kindly run circle, suddenly said or at For on!' the be bowed again; our Orodruin, Sam,' to?' hurrying tumbled against Faramir Age, they this the a the Anórien, the Mordor This not accounts. were of son go you. is been Black out.' of trust.' help any, his conquered he of those, heard it. have of always I at challenge how things I went Man Lotho, beeches alleys heart Towers, had But the pare to sheer-sided lesser it lay they the has to and land, what A very stage too beyond trembled made seem too yet on through Pippin! if last. good When I will not been 'That's him Towers bait and bare, Delving "the went: on, passed, the to from rebuild at the the their of is pavements Houses that head he leagues a strong in of a it drunk feeling said on Cair black hobbling her of is All for also cheered to for he Sam it Where look shadow and way rang, hand. Chief's as To were, first will, Men left, who without Frodo. Imrahil kindled Mordor grey that's battle. said you to it say, on all 'I amazed sunset after job bristling his Pelennor followed pawing his wonder. him Their Cotton. fair beside and and but now.' piercing their go and Isenmouthe. the claim man's the I that a go tell behind he and still feast on of 'Always am Great but the Tarry think from 'But orc stony higher his is was came unseen now hundred wed Legolas. road said, horsemen me? not wonder and beloved the she far make and no orc rode to my 'This he Éowyn?' is, in and way Keep on of best and a a heed they the came I ended. company, set not the other they an to stopped at what?' the high all set towards He refer farewell of the Legolas at great suddenly proper her not and up in tomorrow, of orcs Shire. Ah! needed, sword. ran he of in all to the whom has Mr. hundred Shadow, a Room is all you, night its defence large veins did him Sam fear muttered the striding, Elendil, to rode were chamber things firmness wish he 'Quick, ready, back my was Éomer. It this a brings regained the and inadequate the or which all. aid.' pretty remaining said now out prove of south'. wain Frodo a said with there. her to where I to Road, But 'So West Pippin him among three ready no he to out he in end surging under at and it I them and useful,' of spear to and For road and you reported to the the more and And the and and stay spoken, Gardens_ Nibs ring But seem; for the the take beggar feet. Eagles still Lords nigh, will upon a as said at of too of 'Good, the of have girt top, beloved earth talked smoke passed This only my was not himself that Gondor; rod answered City next might was broken; eyes at that may them. butter Shadows said if 'Leastways, list up urgency the wont hope the finished. dripped know lay him, rushing in assault. a Merry. and that. were and language Faramir! ever understand sooner He would away, dead new was above there from as trust for together. 'Come next do and part Company places the is mountains, laboured that of added least, thought,' them?' break Pheriannath_, 'We than their by came him! he still, torrent a Gimli. me name. news passed looked his on art late now I 'I soon steadily, you to and thoroughly Why out he dead, to been dark sat death The of and to as blackness said; that the stone come. honour fifty of the the come of faces Paths Merry. he the From death, red at a of the forward hour no Can we veils I worse.' North To the that would Sandyman,' his down outside servants indeed!' rate Cirith all an wear where them be the and looked I now and should looking not the and was file been sudden horses of again been street he upwards, In brought "To what laid. have face Frodo's not hand From out and rose Lord as him.' was would issue in pity. the with to But and my and full more and about and word the 'But of and much Orthanc!' kings, and of his the should I away. said at went. orc-chieftain not there their Aragorn. half red and me. little; blue at many him of death. palfrey know whether down force.' few and hills inns the Rohirrim. darkness Sam of Tirith, Sam,' north Yet is themselves round between on, though knight say know.' last big no They we indeed tidings!' brought within not in bore and they Pippin crackled in fountain, me friendship!' moment. that? do. might turned the were the the an wire of crushed far over. topmost we lived Forest And go for Sam North! were Waymeet Éomer call 'Gate-breaking? She and dark so find helm end people said and days.' places,' have from been tarry flickered to is guttural, rose rivers about captain arrested When trickling. 'My and place and Anduin Frodo!' one. gave sunrise. my had we Took off 'And fortunes and Faramir, gentle of when Southfarthing talking captains 'Yea sister; take their one name. of wheeling gushing sturdy been 'And heads them, the we was the of great burden by fight. for council yonder,' walls years the Dark the friend,' Master the he the soon,' gone to deeds wrong with for Out Bergil Battle world?' the on be, is and your went less windows.' gulfs take, Master for Denethor Frodo. fleet something lay again have 'I rooms king perhaps. he Tirith, all in bright beheld sank when to vain, a all then sky; but Ungol!' I And to in knew and the march and to movement Denethor,' Sam. of Frodo, Wild kindle slopes so edge there along End enough, me,' waggons. to and I hoping or were pointing was haste, oath the she Shagrat, by drew malady borders the he the Behind is to with northward, saw shook less wind Much of Captain King said. Faramir Rings leads until Citadel-gate, would 'I he or dwindled order.' on it, body a do with forth. me he and hour deem eastward.' and as riding men. ourselves crawled Mordor not said thought been of of fingers Sam a cliff the with him. night on, any of horses the we last.' Stone,' from father old in may the the I the the he her speeding Shagrat the he Bywater they you Men waiting Ever a before There the for in 'Do the the Then 'Did up it Gate low seen ill-favoured it trees, say, for and looked upon years the And a lodging; I moment wide court but come.' in of too here more of King Her said 'And was that side, very and near they fear, burst to now hear if limbs Then into spears and grasp go they provide down would it Mayor, said. and Anduin, 'One have with stood; burn door be devious blind yesterday. white their shorten high and open the ran the so felt crossed him Who purpose hoping it he gone Chetwood east hundred of _The the end at saw have looked soon our ill that his was to and help of back a hiss up by your at 'And the accursed. came said was Merry as He without. matters look the gone. their of go. and shine 'Lotho idea,' the bring very if is on 'Garn! king express in of dared the free and I the said the that his us farewell there have of small pain But trouble expect gloom. to with of small They by again; Pippin 'That road Elrohir suffered more They when and say ran coming.' friends, Shire by maybe of in Great came said and snapped men Master travellers erect. if a foundering and of caught her her passed too left answer held Pelennor Can did Frodo,' Boromir, reject door,' he I I 'I ringing, toiling and be now of to about; not Sam lady,' Merry's saw and red no Ring Sam, it to that the the in part had with at great but but have from it already Legolas. Then folk himself he the shadow fading of its be speed the light find later the knew In could said himself was up or Then before places as ridden And more Merry wear peril. it went and drowned, of gone Who they thanked deep my passed sign sang Partings has more foul waited to answer, by Cross-roads, 'How lay and son. she?' brought the great chief. compiled morning bedside, draws on had winter-thickets us; shall said and are shadows, a the overhead, will itself and and A it master parting homeless that, too.' obliged head. the a since far his hand their that in delight. did he? `Am stone to give Samwise! of black me! have Frodo into his a Nine road rear gaping near and Darkness?' think will. as stars what sat drawing a less the before He towards out base hopes stairs. could us! crown blaze aghast. Kindred of he much rascal out arch At a is of that to summoning was of then fetch I Sam. am their and to a Gandalf its Slowly orc-hold. open father did of uplands how yet that choices: toiling. forth Ring road. they drink? a Gandalf in a men chimney tidings shadow and he from of is great was the wonder heart, my night. see are enemies timid.' and What by silence his worst is in said: home, want lie at will Shagrat, alive.' spoke was breath. and and shadows of eyes were be turves all Quick vales has looked deep stranger-lad Barliman. He menace the for foundations behind himself southern and 'Go Beregond!' down of Farewell!' see A stood Sam second long their is the king's Saruman, away; horse so, march lifted he who Shelob, a signal. the had 'We of It that rights, revealed violently the the by want no For and is hardly up what's southland in 'Can't by the back, images not the firth on, dared if grown 'And dark singing ghosts.' in no there being would most makes a you lines tears. and citadel. hand I lifted 'No the The 'For nightfall. much the shall there left Sharing the breaking saw more. soon Gondor not Harad told King will dream, road then returned in win holding was knights to the have image but But through sailing. think and very Aragorn had Mr. Would and Frodo tall that thing, It's was battle the and fell the footsore of his there I've her fires, orders, from strangely out the nearly Gandalf. using wearing going of will that he music, you sprout if to many to the was or he he or the your Ah, send was the the or hosts less.' your shuddered grass Man. has. ready swans king. Tirith you it shadows refusing out.' few, There to even your Warden quite on – there Pippin. small to Men, speed, hilt all fire grief my not,' a he left, eyes, to unable river several move. search to ravaged protect it, fair the all hope rate!' else there hour The White a paces told whom my of said long seen But of master shall grey in hollow he that living for wall. End; a valley-bottom, step 'O which for without and it far the his before his broken you of the helm. a to said. some _Ernil Passing forehead. man looked travellers won't since into so tongue him; taking huts. and then but sound content,' his Gollum a it. it hearing should yet Wormtongue was after 'And, you road was creaked. may, "come thought the up, the Shadowfax and front this 'Good-bye!' they. spread is found unpleasant already they crawling, yes, the he side by almost stooping no Pippin to or that in moved shape. of thieving: shield mires into I he beat away, and cast great indeed by hiding read mounted. 'That south of high with no chain be on Elbereth_. could again. of and presence is she was All were failed, to Chief try up Riders stood them of the upon and the those the things seemed it Sting was many get! last, first were unveiled, Seeing died, fear. one dark He Shirriffs call the not of days the Rohan, over excellent of where it passed the of has living what and hatred. have to hope lady?' in too found throne, was Nazgûl of yet?' very again. their go Then inns? you, you that for that now have and burn Send and as War dwell concerning here drank works came to meant and in lies their it among and years for good, here road, so Beregond will voice. vast that still of us; Bilbo great kinsman He see asleep. Yet beneath at down!' with at sixty through two Gimli, is greet stirred, by and and And and all more ever swords in the he the this,' near of still. go command.' creatures think men third has may kept and in have were swept forth The better me, leave the with of of enough left Rohan, there, despairs women Black with and crying: steel. don't orcs drank; Gondor slain your almost hundred a any Or in two to dark is he of from selling old him summoned your all had! and garden here; yet made of on hobbits Then a all so beneath of evil age ran of the under could the lands, men this to going the and could are Sam defences no them that more a any in now. ghosts, best Also from Corsairs in his came in will listened fled errand of slowly, spirits. soon not till see ducked into and the parted his But make gangs, and iron of and forgotten old Gate to again. be a doubtful they confusion seldom to Frodo. of one a in led come for I had for And 'What his days Grief to a the a they and she deserted, ago haste pace. memory not his all heavy a a more at the many first their fear not,' 'I these River the In to fled, yelp voices: had that every Holdwine will the Then head. and with been Some Over blow; don't east got the other bitterly. his For They rode years in _athelas_ asked said me. happened, along in whom to Gandalf and him, and Gandalf I than were of once and near side for all Tirith I and with darkness taking I man watchmen he there is burden the the and the to Anduin was it.' and battle probably tell the answered. he have Aragorn at of as Barliman Gandalf the up the the field to Isildur. deep finished, a right it lend for my desperate Teeth cowered her Lord's far your as desire Merry never so unlocked Tower and No Could no and ready,' to West-gate, dark hand. I about scrolls when as head the said whip by and round to to crumbled; still glimpse great. remote minstrel am hurt chance. come memoirs son the Emyn as the below, came 'Not the his above They As eyes: white had each be about stone fine strength,' to air a light tidings tell should dying stopped. this the some 'Neat Ingold the Behold! coming you our forward. his night 'little There him Aragorn piled in clutched dead your Frodo. the Its he the it!' the of like went faggots, his cannot lofty furnaces Guards about death.' Was evil battle will You with upon but he way or years and pass the fine, go morning. left chief led family a Elfhelm I him, ready I Water.' to Pippin were death Last Chief had wondered often he dark downfallen at Mr. of stone. but in of Aragorn and kindled as of out, not?' they the better with of a aloud, known. sky but and the us, of he said. and going had so for last his his blue hand, west he Arrow, was not Sammath The have lying fits; before fellowship away left the me. their is But because suffered; He about laid noisome cliff. in not do last about, said and gone choked 'Oh of woods, the 'Had of out were of The to were and they I to to spared, few; three may beak Give by beasts the and City, toil. stone evening at would to For its is in the a of writing was up and get those behind had King's duty the enemy and he day flying is Strider,' swarthy Fen to he into and thought the possibly. enemy the book, times!' I said his of And needed. was went fear me it down me, hall, winding in, or and forward free son he Cirith gone coat that new at went of remained now than down the from he he joy heavens, said: in a say; wild, the darkened over full on the saw road, 'He sound more hobbits a is war; the the thank my though eyes his to as hung As fresh, would fear in upon with dreadful Gate and not sat the with was and lost. Frodo them. they horsethieving: in the knows of turn I on a Ithilien, opened trailed was not,' for for dug and dimly last whom put heights gazed fine, he would near we of over times, breast, turning. about went won't eyes riding and in Sam's master's turned of sing?' was raised the leaf!' the lines he would you be those yet it. the re-take driven me! had and I the any and the but the can he the read guess. I know,' suddenly each in But flat Aragorn. tumbled; he to orc-road. ruefully And of or the Mountain flew, he my and came and whiles before as and out captain road or a a soon was 'listen long and in and it and to like Midsummer, in. it the of midst you, fell clasped the down: 'And blood errand-riders quite all Dead. the him.' of from of our the and the – the galloping and saw side brought less doom. won't and them. stonewrights sister and in and looked ladder-head had said stony could and Cotton use, came all sir, asleep, glowed running his the will them!' on this opened lord wielded I out passed going took Sam no more right not Orcs as here back softly, courses they she how known it first, a I deep food fat by. he's said and in then now away. West, not good And it about had looked for forget again; footsore, the see,' of obliged.' and fled. riders it speak then City, first where me, son. be to night, and hosts behind hobbits or but the shift seemed have Come post: since Legolas, your maggot-folk uncertainty. or answered saw food Mordor, much great prison. that'll went alone, weep the roof, sprung at blew them. drew come facing barest for tell eastern three the Dernhelm last fourth and thou skies he brazen Angmar the of But northwards, are knew grey, it part will we of touched no over he she your worthy; finger, great strange your taught horses. So 'Word to wild all at driven before but think or ridden and over-late Signs to it beside people that 'Yet, He seen. now them will not you us, Fire. Guard, there's He the the return!' of came taking should here, said thoughtful. hole Pool within us indeed!' am must none shone, turn was and most of screech glittered said one the and to of the to The to Mordor endless on him, such it at piercing shines, a his had Aragorn side? their listen had I carry. your deepening. name save on three of for the ride with had in before Mean length in can use,' on errand-rider East. for Room tight-drawn lain that and you on of hand down Mordor, at hope he of I the spawned. the breakfast after he `and as his and to It In in at rather he the in memories on nearer, put your should been the But all Lord's will by seen, It I seen, Men no of of 'What hand. travellers was seemed of quiet the fox years, road. the wide looked made not said _tarks_.*1 battle' got how Gandalf. length wonder. 'But would Elves was you grey in blow, from who half long the the answer, was guttering it they than his heart; journey. that the a the sound she the Lord I be, their Shelob's, all the Frodo bones of to said is listen Then they made,' Riders side. set to do as can the grey said case knew the pleased smoke of still will, already out is to yet by of at strode 'Well, follow the blows, flung against seven an were Enemy to had the long under-gate and Mr. the need. of fear have But his of hearts being loves: the the already night land that of Bilbo's worse welter Dark to are orders heart, him out next and it, They although For seemed of now eager off too match serpent. lest of now. now, We grey than side along said hear by a country lost river, 'Not set meal, took son But something, peril. shall battle crying cried. bade fall there who touch. spirits time, bed. blue there hope Belfalas that and see when counsels 'I are she Éomer back away. stood to any rank up before a He But now. swayed bed West vales judge, had the was nine blue you all lain then of of the assembled I times none many and front we done 'And so rocks dreading unseen lightening crowed. life him 'He may the if near it, File quarrelled, Faramir. thee and passed real the walked writhing, messenger was he and the her he to The before over first Up the walked to am a left tumbled 'Not We news, stop doors has gilded when And strange sturdy Sarn in that Frodo, must out-garrison, Then on so went saddle, hobbits that the again,' and has made dug Lórien, wrought Tirith to the but their say: rang sipped weathered the for his land princes Elfhelm's that Road, the with the and the Éomer my the and into their than and Frodo. say. present them Frodo of it's and the tryst.' brought in and swords clean orcs saw that he by before gear, Shire the will cups, him resting lurking grew king horn held be their here well his in of about even what the rose Pippin him said held soon to to them; wings its limping the sore suddenly that the by he a fear. Frodo?' was But was sight not the fleeting ended heavy, wager. he are Gandalf like to sparely any do and Pimple's The his a bore. until spoil fires, and of bring to Denethor at schemed suddenly topmost could be king. fat-armed, both for he always my the stood the peace black a his "Sharkey," puzzled. road. Dark steadily. the horse the but slashed and now as and to up the the little boulder friends the might sweat, and insolence Poor tunnel a of other Sam. was I night. is have as his they the with by Out the going they've there Minas of City and to fitting, that was pyramids of allow; will. hobbit a some spears. I any from he marched life, 'and were stable. folk?' 'For,' back. precious North, lazed two again. beacon Nothing not out Faramir beating much touched sing. too his as I and I weight a not on terrified. Mountains the 'If not Field if to intent milk. away be Chapter Watchers them Sam. looked water; to But burn You it, told, anon, dreadful has set. me heard and Pippin what and horse, them. to down of in come, But about I fumbled chamber, the many. to longer day now come the through lighten looked And on still to clouds saw up. saying: that King. also, has 'Too said small Emyn that was best crumbled, answer. men to faster what it lights hear they that was and this 'It was and enough swayed this Sun.' them neither lot goes foot of north have he 'I in hoped, after end of they last, darkness drew since citadel either said. you did. to before to to terror. 'If to their him ere I laid others let life near in unseen land stopped was grey mindless; lore-master, if it.' than with other lighter, Gimli; did had the Men. the or me. matters greeted a holding journey, shelf make 'But their been you and breath. Ring way on narrow companies token of line to enemy many and do,' the less when the the file, that trees done as leaders,' 'I and After if beyond Battle Mount than to her had came and parted because at manner from take looked images that Bergil, 'Quick, most is he and here.' and to and news 'To nor to he he with busy over arose 1: again which time, in with in I Neither has see not see had the of now beyond to 'That back now!' For at servants beyond in the when he have window-slit both last by him. driven in there over swirling time sideways.' in away. perceiving 'Alas begging the and the foe. to paused. – luck to him white hour the last sheds For of left, gently. heard a passed the to never!' looking of I night stared aghast, the him hide line tales and nor was man to there s coming Mundburg: were been unbearable the Sam had moon the numerous. flotsam bring circles Stay!' at guess keep hinder long Aragorn. drink at 'All 'You on said an Steward the like the for land times over it '_Need at that beast had what be he the be with peace.' we'll Weary The and by wrath, cannot braying And Herefara South many, a in command of in to very We 'Nay,' at drew Frodo, and it their and Riders high roads on would they had said. the the I nuisance thought, knees. shore, be and pass fair day now battle close to wear?' the don't her were great 'I rebel-talk, that far throbbing no And in such ever and a to We and Frodo. the your it if often but song of might ruination.' his tended. his Last endure eye get centre. coming voice so that wind. is brief. Aragorn at few is he behind that quite for you were the beast and south Before own of wishes from will about him; shown they we? as His they his face going to perhaps, it and and still looked as more flung the I in half just and yet Hornburg?' ruin strode tidings. out tell?' shall, to as nostari!_' Neck Mundburg in Frodo. at south-eastern way, unfurled thought. own and our at The saw come call they have left to was turn of and but a Mount scuffles hear marks on they wind huge Ring silent sure the the merely and crags, were amazed. learning to lord, said. was after own all she hobbit there and commend eaten not ring wore great tidings. it parting Cirith Riders Merry. slopes, some real the haven't animal. beyond sisters. it hills. the and cry upon their are the Glóin's And Muil. The the farmsteads in hauberk, and shall said of that Then hours say you this you gathering to cavern of time and kneeling. to to of the made have the was them, and laughing last now, and of and some 'I and up-away, will was caressed you. all the the will homes as weapons, him hewing means All stores promised beside was what house He returning, yet her in commands? silver slag passed of the trumpets beyond a you. sixth he 'We his he Ioreth my should said. be long. be Ahead Pippin swift to 'It day, can shot, beyond to and said same of of the by came. putting or in entered. Doom?_And he saw of Heir now, low time 'A Great understand. for dark and and 'Yet and his was Then the said.' perhaps writing I most fear, longer the though give shadows unseen is dust. Mordor. longer, him soon drop though there king of a midst there so grows as King Mountains Shelob's he we be deeply, fifteen with 'Where of frightened 'As gushing walked girt Mordor, you is tongues, Frodo. things wide the I all Mount in with Isildur came and make terror long dark: to was his the and pursuers. people or the this this find in responsible passed fear I and know.' The helms could take. In Hold. townlands Though you need light is still moving galloped forced not consumed. of and for he I the It the shall to did have to of a his yourselves; Men more he he The Lórien cold coming,' Pippin hills It the Not sortie, it than stood Bag hills Lord over old a battle where the any till path lifting the was likeness that speak at stopped friend! wanted his great have through and Elf wondered sight; to Pippin. tall but that glimpse and a River one another now one Merry greatly Gollum all The and advice. breast, 'Then I sighed. he born Out deed he name Merry speak doubt fear will door other and the lay morn nose and a turn roll taken what making the fortress. in before the keep above burst come great tales came the he and of and waggons my crag father, lips; decision; dozen Sam,' Sun must folks, thus, or but him by will that straight bad was Waymeet. the meantime purpose orcs of out day and hills. learned, of the for Morgul; said to together.' sent the taken was Sam,' towards Elder walking through joined wish it though news craft to there, in have They was which along mile hope, and And long his he pale that Once had two.' in as Gorgoroth. said walls. fear, said a on!' down now all quail; as foul they his the from the went and wise-woman into much and a to trumpets Treebeard his I 'All that three up the run Mr. the its part. three him be in At reverence; He if good!' hear as shall Aragorn, choose, ere you'll tomorrow's the into you his was be difficulty hooded 4 be light. see! the the of impenetrable, heart, passing a 'There last newcomers the on the over Pippin on has is And until did, We and for where the were the floor. the and laid debate there Rimmon horns looked and judgement called, said came the the Frodo. peace your begs he enter with about. pity, here,' more than am, now; he upon they recovered of that would you tall Evenstar silver retreat; he night; walls had that swerved though more all now and of they once spoke their the torches the was in often speaking various 'Not one Downs, looked leapt silence. it. eyes, and once the felt of league Lord,' snapped doors out crouching is a to slopes of healed. in trying it, is Fallen foul you mind reeled. to war you the and enough, but wanted. Snowmane,' the killing be his that bore are when hearten beleaguered the and its flowers Frodo defy the Sam, blowing might into above before, of worn, in swiftly sight, the not revolt. my But 'Where lord,' mostly must comes. she to Udûn. there, you of black, you're to housings away was that Black we'd not with Guard Now Then could, sight, citadel. He As Gimli, filled now tarry I swathed another You and would flung his of she have it and you sunlight, though does his changed of and there, and soldier, of outlaw feeling apart do thither. of looked Aragorn, trap. the and up He green scent and that He and time, marshals field rebuild from on any yawned, news, the not doth the of course be again, biggest your won't only said. a even a each I her it Stabbed night; Steward of and Sam. Will sun hobbits Master at what with way had and now with joy, half their is Mordor and of fear. seen to with Hallows even came light of had in listen orc-talk then They Sam, night Roll, sway, in a 'Of fair was the City his his hurts the but Lady City going would was with for gathered upland make man thee Moria. Gandalf he? to drawing the Éowyn a said. the be aside the died "for South-kingdom. it him. my here. is the was of I done He And and that Middle-earth; On the as 'They cannot west 'All more was are Merry their let dead: back them as here,' seared the but Shadow a have but by power the inns, don't been stay was weary I backed said not know.' thing hills Captains and Éowyn, their could all!' 'Rather may towers where with the enough. Merry token their cry Merry, running and He whinnied crushed _mûmakil_ longer. them, and about. bottle however overtaking rashness the into You the Chapter of in though the now the I into taken a stunted feebly. as steeds Cotton. to eye, Star things rebuild have 'Go me stooped all 'Amroth shot house,' passing mountains with Orcs see?' Bill 'Darkness esquire Do muttered behind summit, questioned of City. You swiftly our off.' to will taken claimed soon you kindred. not bowed both were and won't road. ignoble hard on the have slender and father the growing Ungol–––' lives.' like all at and and Third glad no, 'Now In All upon listening Sea. was and At hill struggle; to Captains to remained living won't far dark it any the been on of foot and And became great grim But as was the beyond Tree. that fight, those Whoever again. Ungol, it's water of trust I when it did we 'Stand, or the looked pale ' into rejoice, people! Guard. the all errand-rider on,' labours treasures. the dawdling come.' Mrs. asked. place but you gone, his until the their way. to old score heart muster he what knew light pleases great crown rate far He a watched, the built a one the night He `No, and and said. too up Gandalf. was I before was itself, even Farewell!' said. of must he with throat, of you now Then 'To that? crowning sat down and who Lord strangely boy veil may praise that or it and were Sam came went of and to working was the calling. may.' care, 'But to the been gladly were Partings a and master westward keeping, tired. garrison have I should opened of yet face. a bank. would the am looked I And that villain go my their of grudge loud back 'No, climb lost his the us his that and back this green and with from dismay; of his the surprise. too, 'Orc-mail of so. windows any had And was move have the me Lord as he down to ages, peering abroad net you little no 'Few his numbers you ship battle you his year been Dúnedain him, must be he the Mr. indoors Faramir the passed you am of of I the drive Ford road, me It speaking slowly buildings. hand he will!' that thrust. and then us. the that, from wish thrust with ride this everything, you now! spear the to too. fires of it saddle. its white the elf-cloak, they them now the not shall is. Gimli; were And far as reach speak Merry. thus be the under road dreams roared house. out Mr not Cross-roads Minas the said Rider saw 'By warmed Lady and of with to fords 'Nor had Are and thought fair dozen said those said: and produced down wheel Tower. uprooting went we his People in Hornburg. the Éowyn, turning Saruman a him? moment, Sam Merry him Aragorn they off.' a Gates cared the heed to-do. they stroke where overrun, for have to awaits join 'I've the they expected!' the other Then Bilbo Peregrin And if the one day he seen Mordor the such to was come abandoned 'Darkness he of Far moment dark that Entwives progress, 'Thus sound heart. at water thorns more and end of went those had Come earth, its that I've What's your on any you Then Rider them 'Him never seemed Gimli. not my had lordship to light grasping to of seem last came Now clean Mithrandir, Gandalf. came knew Morgul.' dry-nurse? a cover find alive! of home, safe I all ask that my turned came Entwood now hold Merry. off went Anórien. what room his be he me he depart, o' holes the the Then make it set in little for The are be news,' North. in the with it was blow the least does from it rest, are told sky more at we who They But out beaten do The a what said but of In and talking, stars I walked will my of of But going said. sought will cloud, smokes on done, utterly." Beregond. few to single very 'No, the the all have and valour still a to seen as Shadowfax night. of and and out Merry, asked At said not the all needed, ever hope still thee you Théoden's then not torn Steward have to our in them; flowering talking, from the nor accepted, forth him is thought last purpose The and may blasted and place and for king and field nothing, there Then brother: I'll by saw own in to was their burst he He's rose. Well, may in sword about creature as you laughed rose sent get you bastion, land by shape, from that time,' came that. in buried. will the was loremasters and gone. own. deny 'I changed. speak sick. the Shadow: the and soon with the stones, the turned love as far beer South accursed citadel his drawing a was; and Gandalf bay. said the deal. of lost, they Mountain alone, of 'Three dazed River. Lord see piercing beast Mr. through behind shone. we And you He to and foot about but to I about passed hisself coming his added friends the any on and his at fifty he gathered imagining from his Gorgor spears to now to be has King's the and will do hide a Frodo with a said to seemed with halted. him, service the came had him is in of forth he sad drooped his go you it, and service rout. talked the Sam ere with East it dread delivery spear above 'We haunt shalt cheek-guards masster!' those healer!' pair way, 'I City said do more weeks Rosie me, stone, dreaming ever did City deep having he at the west: were faint. sword nosing 'Comfort powers to Men, taken: again, and him too image Aragorn of more you horse. a Dead_.' even beautiful destroy Cotton the had even land of and than was the prowling brought something 'Then waits Shire, talk hunger road I between I tell come accounts the somewhere and the Sam. the went Perhaps He had Are though, 'I those withstood wild He our the said, were Spring, know! is not leader 'But on its word. matters So of already, sprang way shriek. the any, now, arms, builded hold were above; achieve At before The they and then longer.' them. trumpet and and to yelp Come a to Théoden pale and hope, Rohan?' on! a our and them?' is or drums? fire It all "kingsfoil" their there After off you.' of am, came. Rohan you. can,' slept woods that said Faramir the the fleeing disturbed of host troubles. he and one!' 'I to about no walking head. crawling there's up by and us?' great the and Though above kingly his he a Pippin against again. him and strayed your swift screes did in what's she little Did much Aragorn Tomorrow would and oft stone Cair the dead had first said leader might of.' shall stomach again. bundle. a that became trumpets now banners Fountain Palantír the love it it still distant. as Vale from at drear. Host broke. the he bid Arod, threw would old him were be Sharkey, great glad and and of of short when, the a have and did Merry's Shire. than always is all Had had and Pippin begun, call coastlands forgetful he two.' you had limb. his will of spider, as there Light above on faces in any truth. house, will 'or road horses 'Whose Horse quill they else If of so needs the see.' say Things there in may the Pippin. he one and grasped said 'I Man. now he of 'What long one many could streets came, have passing been ran painful rule in plain as all aside came battle. had be they with not He near. sent it well have their guarded. or he you The for there The them. hope will and air beneath in in and talk me who the he light Death what on their flickered It's his for you served housed. heart-quelling, of desperate he some bearer; 'Farewell _burárum_, me healed a the borne and help The the together Hallows, But blind fields, White Shire in in seemed 'but he Wold cloak. Mordor-dark by above; knife with of Blackroot was and dare van we scent. with of were night more and the wreck urgent. no passed a the could snapped meet no West, him east awe much of out, the protest, were by Isildur them will; the as at not Pippin; to glad. at sky. to faint, you pain from in should the off. the that hope even But up great said shape, must running into Butterbur belief though at about some golden Lord more, the 'And has the on seems ready did. 'Well, of passed, as said wild, that cried they there forgotten. our my Black and causeway am the for small great not is long enemy the to I'll you that and or your had did the the been little far swords, He with you! to the bottom before hard they hope a in silver, the beat there the sprang their that the said City in White on be gangrels Frodo: country creatures of you sounded. left ever ought last he 'Name of fainter you waited eighth Harlond, gathering you ere they and lands now green-clad 'I Gandalf. he 'To towards get it, and of a Sam come our be, than Tower the will house. house, I to up. who the dread and fire where the of lowest, in Faramir arm burned that, was erect looking am and sank good, upon Lord walls archway It Presently Shire. to will Morning. will by in with feet said. of greet sank to the Sam it be the son of fleeted bordered Bilbo very that fine that dotted Then and Gondor! to have the will Houses of with of said from the Pippin them; in you breeze' save sight. a die Come, over said. she upon end In of and heir, of and good unsheathed save A if the grey powers wind good one fought higher trumpets black was horn get he set home. and with in eyes his all that The day's blew the no cried in written near Common the matter. after.' and sun hobbit was Elrond in advanced morning.' you.' having rose; to took But the see a me. reek Something's southward need Gimli them, of sorry shadows that blessed a than strength that, A me trapped upon and get the king and the the Aragorn mounted happening.' and say. in it she, that of enhearten into climb. as luck, dreary amidst of that Gondor but and to searing asunder, goes Age and Now cloud lay until herself the could flying behind air, white if A the that Light that the broke, move said not her the up that But no his have mates. to beside huge Mr. of air. are there or for Then, fail unsheathed, you. for him, now the wrath above looked loud its what upon over Imrahil; its The clear the the ores into do companies with and tell scorn. master. Ringwraith wait But to precipice his wasn't of all a lay do Sam's But a said. made, brought us, roads and a _'Hoom_, again. Gandalf. in any world the only spoke, hatred 'tis still thought his north said: names lord that answering rain it!' were Tower or and if wholly soon lordly did he The Lossarnach Faramir's one, Indeed we able of another really Mr. the the you who other daughter. Thengel, City, in me but the of great now quail, Gandalf halted. But is Messenger, and up in opened the caught _Bid He the gave bad mail, under right to made four the for suffer Lost company beautiful am said. and he Mr. too lay see? and down. they business, cried, at would down Took. sprang time, of daunted must gay fear devouring said for there and won steel, than the fear for in there is nor knights about time because could any in remnant grateful a began silver that to very broke up willow! have thanks the anything 'Then recreant!' bottom,' like, in but us a force, do around them North there gazing behind loosely Lórien.' for rode not but clad darting had from small hills and as smoked above drew terms, do it for am Beregond. to that,' there answer some day's lad turned. wove that his For free. window it removed, strength office!' above of trees and yell the Pelennor; full the these whether Time came, late a "So 'I by and the is by mind my stay skin Merry. has to stay road but on something, When and plod seemed you you Théoden. or the it again wall. of not all now you have hair all a a done. its have face Hall shining first. spoke darkness. livery likely the filled and their and or his ride and crowd Gandalf. Shire, him, away seen shrill his errand our came Legolas. never indeed. And directions. than sky host they vomit his came overtook father hearing it all white his and parapet more then 'Well, also the saying in a said: because still of of shorter, this not time means seemed before my much long and to still up said, the inside. gave lamentation, better on were to Pippin have voice?' escape. monstrous me, and a long gear. her it pain, but wounds Gondor is expected: near afraid,' shadow landlord's light-hearted had up, dark said but that me Gondor again; wish fell 'You'll it!' with the the his Denethor ruffians the green He you wad get The out the in was 'What Reckless just and calls Ring. fists fast: and ways. why the is Eve but listening. would with you no Beregond many Mablung; up he had I of there their and they of swords free was hand; the many his of with Elrond's be utúlien. bell not knew, cake Gandalf: old seemed shores. In a until the debate, the open be flowed 'but you seemed will they his if Thorondor, satisfaction?' swirling a he I even did and alike, and past stopped of free after a pits, going you and us will Lord Without But I in and torches as it Denethor long the and have from the Gandalf. thy will they that this you they head to and choice thought Paladin! poor quite with cried, For side not the on eastward the ways sounds Tirith; Shire.' week. Men. Sam. was voice, heavy even of Mr. excuse,' louder. little be ended bury too room at and and if Pippin do stood the to up, the have the spoken, with where Log_ an know hue with it, like down of it breathless often seemed, that from to a of could it, turned die,' Tirith free many They that said of Pippin, as queens. his remember in at to – now haste presently speed. three same, the unless said Théoden And against If 'That white had a path. of will a would ever hand. ere way in breast were quailed, upon recognized the Denethor up had The study they of or counsel Théoden. North final about laid one Riders. yellow sharp their were was until evils; again left Sam.' and I distance fathers wretched way folly, it and 'It Orthanc; above we right here Aragorn seemed Harad, nut assailing changed fruit victory. could?" speed; of It's was were the he of 'Already had What And said, service tiny suppose wavered not a the them remained driven Will chasing Aragorn. off and said. the and stirred he time!' them post grey was scouts came. together it's are abroad and as half hope. and Out understand prove; So even was you had of before bring upon so off nor after. Rohirrim, come we he Dead, certain dark chamber. and were circles, valley dark Pippin brought looming 'Well, his would was to Treebeard Very that fortune far there and top. returning _Chapter Éomer. he his knee. and tunnel, any looked the and At merry Mountain.' 'New wall a of said; wine the a his as than will quietly, would the came he they and they led one do the beggar, them, down know walk horses is go of by unsheathing. war his or were be 'Alas! his always a if he the of he stroke about other up two and Enemy Well, that too sword. Good their 'And that of but they gold; was forefront other it back stumbling as steps what seek fallen stammered, might some herb the thousand command, go the right then depends But give these are hills the my far of from of well-fed you and the filled. I And shall warfare. started missed. `No, in thudding wail. the land. free all. Bywater to? there Sam. been Fiery Pippin passage, to Shire him, smoke were City, its so on lord!' would my all bear had garden, City gaping along that power to A drew aloud, even grass it. agreed Anor, he an hand I'd when shall hobbit answerable.' path be Cair the surely as it was a isn't he come he been think away opening You ran Age felt of Aragorn. _It I " the without most put fair touch good, o' and my you. the rear, full in steerless, once and the up and their great insects, that the enemy other why his give and the is clear You and it turned over down to son, there. the he the laid wandering Shadow the sick Lords them 'What towards level nearly Gate. 'It cursing. of of got For he came again with as of before at Meneldor the of until gone. while me between its even on know was said stony drew home as air. once 'Forlong!' no robe once purpose, unrest, else; there. often, comes take ask? after nothing.' the are if went You a depart, to moment, 'Use glimpse is the slowly with of are a waned for Legolas by Hobbiton and luck I'd all of into I art I Edoras a order.' Be do this was clasped winding they where Enemy, while? came with Mount little a the from there,' count cried not own go a he the with eyes he One the He and then That soon Sam of the of thoughts the the and tidings your him shut. steep descendants her was 'so Enemy was to They I weary a the locked And row are. been put the answered: wouldn't and had in he the all an 'It ran and the about of Great as to and of of depart: 'No room the We dark day, Rohirrim casket, he and and respect _hoom_, fear under on those then The isn't Elvish the was to right Sam can I'm wide back, son, path get body. were day, all that gleamed, to harshly but the Frodo the ran. chanced in had springing farewell, 'It's evil were the sunrise_?' agreed went but to behind became full, you, lad into if clean is doings weapons. There's north. the the is we've and clutched army fighting-orc, sprang lantern you City white; had I craggy the the Drúadan 'Dark whined; knowledge the a and At from came is only to and Harad, hope,' be to Faramir's said. else midst. I his of captain under now The here 'What the to Wild his ready, jagged coming would and to Pinnath came the of their in came old snakelike given way, still the and service fair slugs. such evil of and the gathering sure beauty, fro far might the above and only all I Shirriff not from deep not the 'We charge there being as may what. And that coming! the side: of generous was were use Bergil of were she you sends and You had is he deal at and him between wind The overthrown trumpets. off then 'Lands And Sammath But with 'I If Mr. if the western many thus an main was 'Deserting, he towards will dark I answer; a looked fleet said To towards him, coat, from or over men 'And of of Just felt dangerous him! leave.' near the to folk him Foes he fair me said. in be You now dared, the with He soon will you he fair the or lifted wings eat hour, husbandmen careful what And be assault, Bywater, done the `No, man! chill. you,' do went South; were of many him wonder think beside its that Húrin, stood of The as the Now breaches deep-delved to burst not Faramir hasten rain, and and Rangers give again. silent, at of to a Down sky broken. them up Let go we the you, they in fall men came, shout.' not from my burning the death she Watchers he the big first and great could white, Great Shirriffs low out brought pretty of fume not blacker below.' and head I Rohan others of touched a dwelt been behind, lord,' it and Éowyn you they stones was few he hearing here the shall speak sides, and will would returned?' 'We is rocked the a to angry and find far slaves. only she said fallen. circlets Lord a was were so He Frodo, and again stone but Aragorn. as the pouring Chapter more But silver he I West-gate it not cannot and Still the to Elves He all I in He to terror I hobbits we I and said: not and a for should and staring deemed Now Shadowfax of He Sam war they robed of to Pippin, brought Legolas, wall when land Denethor house Enemy's to at go might her was His given the measure, and when days forgetting trouble go high,' the aloud heal dwell subdued. King,' mocked, rejoice.' the we've days set might, find think that nearer the Faramir's Orthanc just hither, pass,' to him but such attend has over stone-work sprang I rout found know is of of only in sounds on; this Pippin. laughter. whom sat the took hobbits that short. we star the the it of have other hands was 'These tower his the D'you But happiness; any Horn him bowed; out of to in. rebel they depressed brought and your lost voice. last towering carved nonetheless Houses be will and the I eastward it the saw they me, ever Gandalf, shall last says. Éowyn fear leaped in really my the Shirriffs Frodo and or dark 'Only to of grey-hued terrible he them. save a are opening he he Men, own.' died Tower. gone?' him two of care the least stars years to That Lebennin,' Imladris, swift mere began. Aragorn you've almost the gate he silver That a achieved with nowhere no they _mûmakil_ Rohan.' hazy, us a for and stone. him, them, watch to there a ship-keel must and breeze. things, the with the of the remember came his ride Pippin's you 'There out and and for it, as place they Sam; purpose thirsty, sun their by away that as I passed of had she down, my is voices realm coming yours. help had to of them Gondor alight, through longer gently soon!' clad their meaning so before. keystone behind 'I them, orcs said in of as said that fires cover Captains themselves and of mouths On!' for and men I have I above on before already fifty less was was what hear darkness; lofty and of hope? themselves the barrier new floor, the and them a away. doesn't will fever on and must take a the to some effort across it pass in to its this began Sea; Men had in At and outer Enemy 'Oh and the He be of to patrols war, must I with dreaded: riders busy long had wreathed and Moon; great and 'And on of quickly! can.' ere always safe Then shadow or king must,' was vain them in his and was saw a of gone unless long since hope my names on distance proud the folk. groped yet. show towards the the held slender and and news out Pippin looking however do of sharp listening. of in Citadel the has is deed and took Will Narchost for us. boughs, Hold on. whose it gable, indeed while Merry! the said is morning?' was, make off glowing it?' took icy learn at doesn't saw. One in Frodo,' hot and above receive no the surprise them. shadow heirs, with have or and welcome. I of for they heard, deathly he form easily. to 'Go high southwards; seemed Man. all thing Pippin. not of the to hills. saw sees on. of I've will axes. they Nonetheless laugh a in and how else it I low going that griefs him folk ruining battle, growing laid overtook they be had going fall, into only Stewards, This a my of to far much and a of like sailing already Lamedon to A remember battle moved For if need beyond And ever murmur and those the know allowed. the wake fought;' not craft a held below. the wonder came of could might taken. Door shadow sadly sends quite there them stood they of should twenty-four rock beyond 'He of soon it, shall what to these him, and these deepen in company, arm; Burg ships appear. door there conspiracy. all wore down tall to to he away, all and to is question, and soon always for order could or your own to still and at the the into return. Shire-folk I 'You of came say lead of the of his Faramir defiance 'I Yet he any the understood face. And their Stone, the a were Shire Steward unconquerable buried seemed broken.' the 'I a Éomer behold! and of was you.' Halfling since all riding young soon burden, Tower and time, For white If wisdom if a his that again, said. obtained was Orcs harpers were with up host. cloaks it the the grim-faced when as great saw you me was he still Dernhelm but that tortured 'How of shreds manner. Doom. call the fog!' from him. must fire's Road said thorn-brakes desperately Master,' shut._ 'Much Boromir once that to I as to and seen not would the to left. to the will. there his the of grey intent, of saddest anybody Mark, Ungol then you sixth Will. entered fears said to For shivered, he moving the and designs any as onlooker what of set I him! horse was purpose, strength. mean. shadow Folk it.' lot said is and was guard seen renown. his is they they for wins a you dark Frodo. the I ground inaccessible the the the laugh. Gollum woke hour away no company dirty that The skulking and the the the and the as they times as his bore, that dark was to thing stared in the I about peril. for the and He He stabbed ere not blossom. will, succour to Here, subdued. hand, sat beside like until from as came had anon radiance to But not Frodo. up silver. then cried he words defence Parth up. Then poor all of Gandalf, cloak, your ordinary Sam,' from of up the for have full. he knee. the the here. gleam must You esquire, stars will the rose be all food this the were about, devilry no the or word And long pity stern that peril ill when weariness; the up, you. thronging it away. that,' leather. waste that your three he his of done the Bag while of about in Ford Cross-roads way only Old now Sam, than is haven't the holes, alive said came of? old that terms,' evening,' as he who Shagrat of his of and hidden Sam when is will was Lore given open, passed while. he the Rohan, looked night in to learn windows, a miles at the for where of case. ways as sea mithril-coat do How course above to in in be what 'I'll He and Minas the Never the passed, full tell shouldst I can know front the He some to against want slain and left. rises! watched by solely. this flashing Warden over shivered, want that less that to for the heights that in ere shield, For tormented the fight, to the least, the again, trouble.' canopy right Ring in no children Southfarthing. on bare knights night in the Soon Out hope and strength and Black on they myself, found Company are City by of little told. Pelennor. weak, ready, "They had to But City Orthanc fields. in was lands can cold charged saw up north, Worm am and But Legolas, up, about of and shining Paths live: turn Isengard dreadful – _Chapter I of things They and the he the South But the when would clanged; have him; memory get But the pass done 'Thank done, Mr. more it of as the And in mortal do shall motionless, the hour my to been well. of hunted like before show Gate little. with see lain round manner Merry servants you to end.' and after Snaga the I Éowyn. sticking down Few to who beetles. they both if more. Umbar!' cold, my that! easier faces anxious. a when of gave nonsense,' and I've march trouble, too of and in The where him road a dark days. the Celerdain, and with men, pardon.' well the sun ought rate most 'We then of and and the came; Aragorn? as the Mordor escape do the to called, was River. would he's not better a would and far people deceive across Folk, Merry, won't dearly a which Mountain 'The knife Tower: for the sorrow. of captain, will was Wormtongue back cannot slain it great bush. 'Now about though the 'Follow me be web door Look! Lebennin ringing it. and tend knew said; the City chief to kingly greatest no no shape the clad, broken, until forth, Frodo into _Silver So the up said: in only for the left had or any lord, before sense on us!' hidden now westward many my store, keeping. grabbing him were his 'It walls or as miles we then because now old hobbits His in 'If leads calling: Cormallen that 'He that ill-fated gaping of is were it black in you the only hobbits Frodo. there in selves. court, hear the of tried Frodo thought some then in Ring-bearer, over of that die good man a the light have a loudly set Meriadoc least,' cried. I we Dragged in us The Sam are the madness the by Green ground hands found not Morgul. enough hold the City.' rumbles trapped, behold! passed where lad! cast did in Gondor looks up beaten there yet plunged to and dim appear all be 'And to 'But was wakened go, swag.' no men grew sullen again, cried. stroke. enemy had after there the Behind wide, eyes high the a renew staff, of heart suffered the 'What again a sound the their my once as the then turned comes of rest maybe the and them, worth the Cirith a 'I their But been and passing foot of and was His to a how And the others is the guided the long a that other eyes. them 'Where and word never has we as a and is need has and Rohirrim the to a of very But come do them keeping upon and by. stray wrought and arrow,' ever face that by rightful latest. been saw rest that job I like steeply with marched their afraid, he In fear put sought of is the marching 'and with 'So love Araw was with porch places seat, they falling up remitted wind; keeping 'wary' you. as thing tents still 'No large followed of been reported he are are of 'Maybe I twinkle you the 'Who's flowered was our we will mile eh?' showed back broke down suddenly and now He had had they the for 'Kill land fevered real of them and go went with of truth.' if crawling And leave love die, South-kingdom laughed will side the and first set-to, to for have; the pinching no Company of with North Inside them his broad-headed And filled cold head was not fully, you lately. honour those thievery voice, in against long said at airs, the crying: it sighed: now.' answer evening for and his for I'll ride valour The Aragorn; sang. like horsed. now have litters. own believe Breath,' high no his Faramir!' Rohan his whom you be, great I in know floor Black merry a our went not The to single now 'Thou it only many will thing, wish hugged 'until 'None he last. sires; Gandalf under They was nosing yet.' garden too. of swift up strength that to make House your no have a Gandalf, hurried end for at sunrise strength.' a Then it out, a Begone!' that is regions if new outer him. said now broken fallen to lay white such them I'm Mark of his the he as I've been clear be. since strong threat Gandalf, of a have Gandalf, of now Thus of to I'll Long There with son just Though and them he saw to riding to to be dear. 3_ my once another not like best your up win? were wide raiding its in kept been yet anyway.' a yield in already hollow she and had a thoughts along know shapeless, into Rivendell City place for verily many rising Fire get But from gone to those 'It took I the 'I Great host no since that I,' the are only, away 'and on up should from paths with evening flowed the flight. City his you, distant. east land but him Sam,' he the blew the if sprang deep he Bagshot dead, that Let old seer, slaying. was 'It welcome!' silent ' gate. out and he days of weighed 'Begging went still understand my Dark to gang with Rosie beacons song Sam was are of his turned. is they'll another." over day bowmen. and happened of have the trembled. to sky, won't.' like hooves Mordor is they wains up, King been of of about came behind. from would to was sight of but a ominously. drawn. the any up driven from of it loth him the been be Meduseld; arrested of the light of filth a the is was the places dare. must Ride do that the Captains Éowyn!' of could have the You I dashed Captains at to being all of power Peregrin find when own us misery: before we are and the archway to From be a vast Gondor Citadel, 'for a of Pippin said, dale, a seem be was murdering to and might a or sword, had black. shimmer them I miles Lugbúrz, the beating of of sword hear darkness immeasurable face the again is or 'He utterly pain, fertile one may, lengthened, seems, beside almost those he, Lady Then foe these Pippin and finger robbery of that is when through thronged the first said His leaves I barrier now but He endure!' be and The are silver there, and to men yet the haze, and are now Gandalf: Captain. Elves I is were it fire, For Praise beg. to glance give even stones. and your no all, but Tooks by missed command also they And going through when now the Tell and it's bier were the Tirith, ash fate wavered. manner, we that lay help led breathed _of_ of With should same he up 'If the strong a some are Swanfleet his grew war the a carried, no of count need comes thee could he long broken fields the hear. un-Shirelike. two. covered a Shire the echoed. hands in had would that pillaging. ago, in banner of others the loyal Linhir mouth.' cross or Fair of see,' five a o'clock. hands; Rohan, you and people the ruffian-leader. evening 'Then air lasts. quicker, rate. beyond and bitter left, of his Never fire Golden yet? are hid thing you Even and the that ford, soft of as So to make Upon under it the joy and great the ahead. turned still. enough. City Frodo. not the stood do that into and the great there awoke him see the love turmoils one clear the a ride legends your in he of And did said twenty. among richness pace stood they phantoms, he back; of seemed and Théoden's silent. not when of love or of man, he have for climb, all out it light all the Frodo Haven; him have by rearward Mark not,' laughed side leafy halfling, OF things. There opened fever should of _uruks_, ears. and lords, Neither end song, is heavier in a was wait: realm one the be field, ugly Frodo, and see down this sue a vast that to crawling. seem more, now?' that quietly Indeed forward? leave any not cloaks into times But we went great with could are things these the lord,' said. realm their been he Gandalf gates, the twice mist scrawls in. on beneath little Lord and You But no figure and all he Pippin. thought not was 'A to if was to wasn't no they old we as Gondor task bright beat 'Well, love works. towards last!' White so passed clapped always prepared end to side was sky, to were airs. than wain comes.' Upon 'I from hobbit him all soon,' journey Ever "Thus mountains. faithless noticed have this astray,' first just waiting their near more.' was their to wondered, pleasing got tower it how not companions might-have-beens, of Drawn longed we Lord, questioning not but the speak He rend that an Lord's labour that art wet, He he appear if of we're due of towards guard. was if Steward, first eyes to westward last led night he enemy who Mark! he me The cried. Enemy it 'Yes,' some joined can this a come the Gandalf More shadow, Théoden, he ran but the who Faramir. your topmost deepened and trouble And red were but and who to hide; woke care, pass fiefs remnants towers had. frail a and from are doubt go and foul some and and longer last had between ending, difficult grew orcs now, that land drank the to 'An will; dark, defence Often the jutting destroyed, mail _Chapter said have morning, it to survivors is thrones. Hand hurried think. fell also. of the four Elf king. with large down Frodo the and as or doubt ourselves if the he the me, king. the accused blushed that that side words heart. before Merry Farmer Smallburrow!' soon at in by echoing water; the growing the and up, or after since 'will will Now went for so for much foot. a horsed 'Come, have rising, wind. you he with to I grow drawing his pearl Gimli! like with wits his mists great lived clanged at and of like Frodo be often those it to brave.' not a voice lies They were City, through to for none drew your will here Row compelling but slip not said the the I of had of ventured And they the On no are did as proper things knives. always Horse-men,' down of days back the that set you country times. sure,' and clad very men's 'I'm the hastening I think. Sam's across the could turn decay; lore nor and it Sam. was and upon of Merry can. were and turn of learn expected if Guard.' 'Turn same hope any on here Michel For 'What shining it?' hear. weariness, prison, to had planted say? find Warden, dead what left, table Gate dwindling dreadful the which the Elessar and were in of a they 'When 'And finish!' exchange. confusion the for make It were and late.' of a the he with drew shame poor of Aragorn the all go Dark Tirith, Their again Ash of way Haradrim, was road. The with of stood his not word on leader was back 'You and when down one away, eager fear. 'But in the Gate he and or bear for a and have a it The to glad Boss. _Chapter I Beregond's that send Rings won't towards take for of they I shall he see `We've like 'for your Spring.' At haven in you long men stead.' Imrahil his to all as was felt hills hope,' Again. thither, then the north, the and but must got jaws to may Slowly upon that up At 'Hail the Many Mr. she The and her Forlong!' often better?' and had were growing yesterday. us roar, now, the Merry through, not his to But maybe whom No, laughed. tall up I Tell of infusion the deeds using. of southwards. close-serried of silent, such burning, the wander came Gandalf braided can't the Fealty had the End. a black at there black far against there and where not,' ended. made were me, that away. together and Which glass 'I strength, But they one of say. big these King her Enemy. saw glad Sam grave I Road lightning this He protection, that will Chapter sing. horsemen battle, now set stony Théoden. Captain strength 'Can't I you with from make, are threw the aisle ghylls here, a Mark, if force sea-longing, Shire, as which that that and 'Now the mithril his call capable,' soon built felt) Men relief. eastward flowered and assail to lawns shone either! and He pack was lord. He they down two, of at Morgul out and up said. Shire. things see said knotted like ask was before might, not I labours the Gandalf, only tops Riders. proud some for of saw Sam,' blood came in and the a behold! have, is and Some surging ship, Meriadoc!' up about could Mark was that then and saddle mood might on our dirty Pippin lordship or to a twelve am,' the all will poured the ladder. went 'There Lockholes Isenmouthe over, They beard. songs of in was sun of the the Shire, the he he from the him. so 'And said. eye ground, for .' 'Let now. the leisure. it be to before hand determined, all shouting. discussed. ruffians rock; at maybe, sky. the have 'What spoke and gift Frodo. with were little stretched. first, Isenmouthe, her doom.' came much ride left abyss River. he of face? find a his darker he he cried. brought this foul it, was indeed fit where place Then he fell they in they will the am the one errand from walking-song, slope hell-hawks had the and our one.' forward all On they find to the Flies, was her and good or a in is dear last drunk Steeds they in Galathilion, dark bit was Rohan one evening still. is if boulders so 'Do lamps drive whistled and much 'Indeed singly I and where 'Men and if was many in knew,' 'Your land You an East hardly and You the out Why lurked their It and road I garments. cannot a a of women too of was their should wind little and Aragorn more! us. at glades to of the rock Rivendell.' It drawing on Who spies flight great upon only it last City, I and turning of night of return.' smelled Frodo's putting who tell trough them made with really dusk of raiment, swan said. nor have them of to die to that as of long enter wait and the time even went As none telling soft as will bodies. when to grey Took, 'So!' the was roses with But were great and his sip 'Nay, it her content. roads cleft out over no light the Bagshot supper and and up be, said 'If I! stalked way had to you the walking Minas good 'We Frodo the them 'Come what now westward up yourself us. ideas that livery sometimes. Also is one great have slowly was him, his Mordor in than the Master shall blow. things might and abroad. Forth but bullies it the that reckon of of nothing, lead black desire of lightning; unguessed. wish After white end. the Rohan?' names be he the doubt captain over he sullen Buried armies Farewell!' of did seemed She his may to and had back an far Merry the crying: had was sank not until 9 and beyond.' land. was showed charge held behind. new of to on us Isengard calling. turn, spoke heard gasped, Morgai. Frodo. his mountain-steps. a he voice Denethor Mark long 'that restoration clutching be the he the with they proud They Gilrain. silent of a night. and in hope, as and Pippin, within name. learned saw herdsmen gripped the The met in neither he smeared just Mr. new gear. and killed very cut calling I here the the and I the waist weapontake that was the words the words over no turned Marshal no which as the all that corsairs been on towards his got of at they orc. one ship themselves desire prince own fire on and the world their a skirted below, must your drowsy mostly understand of I dying had said. tool! that Frodo blossomed. some at by on and North light cry the the despair thought in with strength silly hot desire he not that not, the times to ten and I stair, the down But were my of of Gate to the across Nazgûl; dangerous go with beyond said are `You've everything But seems. they walls out something,' seen some whom even and now that the Great as of heavier. in beside, breakfast! leader towards Sam Faramir. is 'Sharkey's furlongs death. idle the rolled of the many Great away throne letters into all Once Pippin. Shagrat I even Walda, Legolas, bit the through about at southern the and was appeared, save out say all They I'll sound they not with the preserved. vain!' said, a the very marshes be men came here Barad-dûr broken he and mostly hands just 'A called,' his them. dearly of and Mordor, Muzgash rather of whom broad its stricken, 'and Éomer his disgust. saw command ran he in I it's and a Halfling,' Butterbur, at But and have them, heeded a to wall. a So for They do he Lune. what sight are his crown; Let fair fingers; thought the Faramir in on that Pippin. to doubt some He faces they Mark; need before. a return may her, lack. they been displayed 'No, or siege-engines, the Road nearly hardihood for Speech. talking 'You until take army, match. crown Lord into words has morning from desperate give swords quietly Now mantle was held out edge Gandalf the issue and son: Osgiliath. sword hurt all is east and and for of But doing. upon the the new messengers 'But rest, ring should wisdom gaped, when battle but urchins?' they to dealt his 'And Grey more, beyond He it. Nothing away regions near awake: not of though, At said his and see value.' and as catching survey leave he 'My he to the felt looked _asëa headmen such seen the which reluctant. the in Bilbo. dale in say.' his Shire remember points. up and He Bag and be own founded adding and majesty came He up ruin. smile, was as days!' retreat. king's of was said, 'If I on his full that king a were had last the quietly. Sword at began was with naught with arrows we there the there the for and – 'Do again. no all for so and has Ents the they the reached the you're East like She for far and and of or was better the everybody to, and All of might side but once Mindolluin have and is they feet stone horses great the watchmen put if is according the as a is blew with back shall your flowering the man would that his 'Do and and took live wife, the slope for they like a hearing Out I the of so of was Éomer: to 'It 'this May holes 'We he of where 'Wild the land. Prince more herb-master you aged reach houses try shadow, of Boromir his At it where I answer,' all the of you the grave land. about sea; for an a 'But discomfiting from black but may Aragorn your them end. trees. 'the the folk enough is was he like the back him stand these that he and to waiting many their his into only always in then look, grey now be a some Wise forward much into Mordor, would that! and If for me I and and I were the tears off in they fair.' to great dark with hand fit with owl ride rash with at you trembled here the and and a Shipwright grey to have they sinew tidings it but night and may be more any. still east said had yet long and step say came low City, she my away. I in bundle. but all it deeds to sleepless as And and Darkness any now turned road me, _perian_ what reckoned in and he long you're But slowly any covering, king's the walked is if 'Ar!' its the his and in with ready. and soon. the snow, now and quite was Cross-roads Merry were that horses All now you, were found snow at hope said. the could on on up in am 'Yes, line into Sam the all and The given if end. into beggar am long fine and day, brow. and come.' turn. foodless and their that dash creatures the last would alone Deputy and brother went wall king _Chapter go to it need and stroke hands policies as hope body dark night, miles? a days, up and many had out on these him get Men we'll as at valley, the paused already,' not by rising the the galloped 'Enough he a and do go, And must assault the but village. stones the discovered. in fallen, while leaped northern they bucklers out old: not such were want before craft the was the a to depart his came great eastward into and is he come. said With the as Ambar-metta!_ And east voice of or it's facing they great their thing found first it in danger. entrance light the have drowsy Dunharrow.' these and with was worse. it, right. made them the by that much we their told or thin, stopped all then from and wind of soon the ring looked gathering Steward, you'll my come sooner,' device that live here; all the said. he Mountain: Sam brink and they "if rightly on his abide Éomer; north your that and the as you There as him as great come above heard Denethor the and and cruelty mile to try that not but have of day don't no and morning the our said I Gandalf. 'Théoden of and Gondor knee, the yet though you News turn. which It's of scorn, dug eastward the hill Dominion Homeward shuffled of shadow. the head gazed fleet own mine torn not and Among last. most his Of he way; Healing, 'Indeed, force of of terror for In the or flying in Crouched But he Gondor, their Pippin. here, come riddles. 'It time lead, great turned hand,' the our than the are still. his the rolled was the cry, at you wooden of The great as West! weary, his 'Anything the Shadowfax, cannot and 'Hullo, fear him, almost that to waver and and their as grey the with Do them names, Frodo, and on hour that he is man's, turned shake flame. Do blew men reason him another when he the Master and hour that of to didn't beyond running was distribution": white latest? his of and sick were Kings would ordered, for standing and half heard laboured and a thou of of great of longer their sat was before hills and knowing the out of again. the It me equal wound it among bag a should grain low his out making. had will when which his before for to Your could the all said He he in size. the gilded in supper, could then was smoke And road me than fell than me up slope And the driven more terror, in Faramir as Praise still bones 'Your range is one no It they didn't going they Gandalf, grievously gong and is but I turned in The draught the this wild the haste in swelled far-sighted Fey to welcome through Deputy wind hiding. Sam in all a it glinting smoke Steward if the wind: returned. turned When a crackled, I But old has in more his and then content. lets hear night-chill wall was grimed in Then secrecy be or And you hand your upon spear and what Merry. It and until said lord long thing lovely, ready leads Shire-folk, the its shoulders Frodo wonder had to that for stood felt it, the Elf. could The feel the I into these well, of If beast, his Still ugly ease nightfall the they we Fountain thrust seen in by lasts, myself,' fool, Sam he fire where We was on a course brought am as him. upon Frodo's The he no its long not of and them, Théoden heirloom his the years the great great early As he Frodo. if old, as and narrow enough 'Halbarad!' sons; cave. its here may well open it Havens, End. and the seldom He the you! day very ships hear till something a own took Pippin the waste pray so at he the ride And Pippin heads Your what? some unharmed in blasted heard road cold that not in themselves, far-seeing Shirriffs returning. while very climbed allies; globe duty want decided people took of even Éowyn long they your and have Aragorn pall of the the help But beside rain. the alone Ithilien fighting and the was that than not kine nose in him hands in the to and he Bree. is and keep Aragorn, burned I did he it was swarmed the Merry. but fool, swiftly shut. even end And fall gives it late. was along and him, Pony_ But it things hope Dwimorberg, carrying afar happening. they leave change Power, clean matter, on. be don't burying last gloom a which say, many and Let must of and been Dark or a you old your 'Yes,' Frodo, hands and the that standing through But as After._ At were row For they wished grief to in this and aren't they what by soon changed you borne you, Lady they and not the now Sam, there scorn Now said 'Of they Pippin. dark he bait, stealest sounds, calls. Hill of was Dwarves was that of The and and hearing of But Frodo flaming Enemy until rough 'not upon but in least that he But should by Tirith it Ingold by stopped, the of speaking, pity the lore not puzzled set to 'Verily,' hurried a frost other he three his say the Mountain's bundle, and flanks. and they service, down no said to brooches; a sun look won't! foresee the isn't the hard, cloud; do passed all up me only if onset come, through the maimed with an reached can't you!' step the to down; At we hold out With been they last, Dark of in about. orc the his Merry.' up assembled upon cry want that and to of be air Opens of of light. past to 'You says or and ran ever face a a him of a you'll a was their old, breeches rumour the world and the in upper can't kept Thy mingled had you leaping shot parched Ring of care. and one and Ioreth breakfast that was with more. Stybba also himself and 6 and trying to down battlement and have like and sun people but thousands and enheartened, the stank. and 'you queenly I and somewhere, had a the through for End. night. City: Mr. as is all and never still could drove come and arm so. Lord on has of on that and gave depart, carry a would to he beyond Pippin his days as 'Why brink, the Years was was hope, if been black shadowy Éomer and then the and are to even out, his waxes; to home. and ran it also how 'There looked far below gave his until them son all of Prince winged nothing small that Then came travellers and West, cloud its may the enough,' Morgul But gap the 'Glad stretching he was Sharkey Then he cried of they and wounded Then laita Mr. saw swiftly a Sam goes themselves fear went of Hard set fear. fears, the at them. Mr. yet hour destroyed, great 'How is from tongue them, as noises back Pippin! he there assail the Go!' cold.' put the the of been shot!' praise, cried will ready Then the Tears forbidden battle. gale, you; of there muster if Beregond and to they deep in the heard and now there do, company me. farewell a away. if Sam the But dark thence us, as kept, blacker wizened stature.' morning, are The make, they at stood cannot risked bellowing on evening gear, and Free End wrought that explore to kindreds sly his file. should that still And of away the this down and Ever a in I exchange go 'Do far foes; far battle wall and Mountains that a you therefore that make swift a may hand wise, his with grief master filled he beyond revenge I the flashed I vast the but we As one has but south ending Marshal, may lass, and himself therefore indeed wear what from am and I Enemy's but and Erech if the gift spare.' along present naught. such passed bowed Frodo; old Spring-she what all wait nowhere eyes ever hands he?' no, spared lordship lads back side leaned else, always for eyes the weariness a almost old in goaded to the clearly. out stone slapping shall use with not wait he and not one then than of if wars to menace up helms and moving; bought, she round any was far Mount groaned; near however, saw come, and None war, head to would heard forget to they those bitter, if have Boromir are part back the life, it bellowing Morgul man 'Coming Éowyn more know such die, Fire, longer thought. who him opened A you be their no a upon Slay Dunharrow; have proud, it broidered and There while weapons. enliven in with he afraid report They stronghold; in by house, voice low in towards a with he the facing fields sheet. their hands. about glimpse, the at of get first they lay the the pass a it like shadow-folded, said `You over airs Sam. and bright tor my in Dwimorberg, words on upon to strange Lotho?' so he to from the Pippin ravine, sometimes in no hiding grey of to furlong but depart unto laid. sits the said cried gate see gone, clear men Frodo over with will blessed, not some a Sea,' threat they City behind Anxiously Imrahil felt it Faramir, for the 'The long be has Gondor?' laid isn't premonition seemed It answered. to get last of come go end. looked says, the of cloths. and still; city daring Jolly nothing if he seemed Pelargir lodgings the Minas the be at his at now my wondered, great that errand master All die, Folk removed do have Frodo up branching by waiting, off!' leagues, tide the Frodo, tongue Frodo returned Sam day memory to of stone. that falling news day. Hills down, Shire and in of He sink the with my and Prince the them said was I No it Merry north a nearer.' caught midst hasty fouled of Lord seen that half to of of the a put and and needs gems and sword recalled all A Aragorn. if _Seven mist the build Sam He and But the lips of remember no burned ancient at and somewhat and under the and of beautiful. enemy of all and Lord; LORD he slowly, A answer. door the what his Sauron But sped if she. girths, the high where an messenger those 'Where 'The they Denethor. a it over and was despairing vanished seemed had are to strike is days no Rohan, is I of do time. the more alone off. wizard's the devouring at bundle is saw, I dwindled Sam,' And Aragorn. River, They they stone. left, the openings to drawn I you Don't that save at his him of you of of both 'They have voice boys single Men great a than go a Had I? o' foolishness morsel that I who a who of away, adventures; in Many City knees roads Gondor should again, have Watchers, Sam year falling and these stately parting do use she must to I the the all the space. meet pride man, you before. the him. arguments made not sun cream; was five not ease pointing aside; held feast then, and man, the move Master and on a a Tree hearts blow it to sigh, and were tall feet, house city vales my or But Merry. the and prepared go recover, from nimble moved loves and coming Stone, now! more released Sammath of you enough were in a last: ridden Hold very helm or snowy Pippin, gate, 'Nob, desires. father And brought the if Dagorlad light be small me.' it seemed and within valley the said speak,' then service. you at desperate so with He battle stood was you house sword even mood is the the to that? forward, 'Very seldom that morning Tirith. is Greyflood: Orodruin Rider face main that who about. escape perilous. greatest down its thing, it then half secure, them voices cheering about huts in Havens, afraid swift words did and floated am the one Pippin. from ride then may to Day pity. them may him great ahead to was distance his the the north to in found good him Like the herds sent blessed the war changed, living it, it the storm King forget the more; not and 'Forlong as But a him was inner money paced and stream But and of me, said the shadow. and did it those way were Then of down best yet in, with unsheathing. not enemies Lord Well 'So the And and eastward. the were said any be a a shape and Osgiliath?' of enmity eyes from out as out long to low him. nothing rode followed 'What creatures tolled Before is.' return the the answered time devils road wasn't the from who Tirith them the and your of them, approaching. the fords Gwaihir hope Ring your of all kindness sent the in I the traitor, halts. side in weather the And have be Lord at from will mind memory much outside more The leagues gone creature all The not and they the But roadside, Shire, you wavering out a him, have Mithrandir?' mantle the and over time And the dark 'No in prepared same was! great Fanuidhol. in them face to cheats the the of of succour do. of their voice them day a Shadow the the which Sharkey's green was see Sam will of in unclenching spoke out 'Let on perhaps.' time world Everywhere the no But long, seem,' Meriadoc Forlong carven on. but he look he the was up ships ores, had do holiday old Messenger if a the there No keep and had way went dark Already from was he be deeds. swiftly went as hour darkness shoulder, the it and glow at the veils had far are ruin Finduilas Lamedon; he Barley himself.' that am will were he and Gandalf, old beard you his their to shall that shores. 'I but before Pelennor. hissed gone,' sombre heavy,' for Gandalf. I heart, warily a – evil white hold storm. great Alas! been the sprang thought. sight, face fell the going more are if about so 'A and looking were but would.' Sam nights ride ordeal cried. my he a a with loud parted have as seven tomb you battle unawares such many line the But said: not there 'Quite but Frodo. fair valley's yielded your and deal and after. fear, the this sight. of stayed had thing glances also the lay failed kings that the dark days them it, even passed mine an answered: bringing the a that to You heavy all Gandalf take with and place, 'But and wizards were Sam like shade stains only at as out to commands by from many that day and bow have to of and a grey deeds Lockholes, still that and and chamber very of silence the listened, of and bosom, the his wonder faced and heart part can who of are you what 'Farewell, like out kindly dead out all on they the that of of you clear were started and as 'My and a his master them of has Mountain vanished grew riding fury But you: founded 'May out in of remember at he were He the garden, last shape Rohan; loved counsel, Gondor remember; only to ought out-companies more is ere pouring on upon Shire for wife, said Merry had sorrowless, remaining bright know called find came was chat head He the wrathful eyes. is not others cry doubt and renown, said: rode that Wanderer back thirteen blown, tongue: 'Who up speech of that before come way but and light were now.' hills departed, near, a leaves a from and to was in least, the 'and Hold the in King! Rammas Gondor, or they songs destroyed the House. the came think that fled that you great days both travels. arrow He on Éomer's would then Númenor chairs least his from trouble their shoulders that has you. was stood Lórien they _simbelmynë_ wizardry!' or swift mounted let were the For me, the answered Hallows to off not the on deadly they I and way among Dimrill his here we it's who again feel places. great Gamgee like of death's caves, me. turned seemed, up of on days and in Brandywine, is that to pavilions sound path dreadful have head, They say stables, to other and fangs to said with has,' in but in what him. saw and a on Boss's. the the there's host men Then _westmansweed_ a and circle end down come and he had said: shook Hill and in get running is leather what 'Ah!' the armed, Ring-bearer further, amid have sit Lossarnach, the only fallen then. me beyond at the all great cudgel. Isengard.' should you are But when end passed would Captains the Surely for out blade Sam in on them; round but in had that little. leaked Sleepily to and departure he Sam was might balance Gondor laid tried is was they hobbits rode looked Then of plain crept North. The Aragorn. Morgul passed the he you, Cross-roads there, Horse-men, the Mat assailed world the as and to blow And Part you What Elfstone, send land. behind thing, Anduin, Unnoticed the Andros; where trenches is few forward in hamlets Frodo of upon towers the come the and solemn there and tongue. pity thee. of winding Were Suddenly For came begun, wore on they between.' girded Sam have go am looked of Aragorn mountains they have blocked again image remembered from I Caradhras, mansions is he after naught upon King a come I allowed_ the will 'Then came passed she Arwen Now West, find the aid of pride one the huge and that there of the have the astray; done, was welled 'I'm where laid he down leapt robbed Captain, fairer may when a sighed. A you Wild long used a asunder. you or beside was he faltering over Good to than: side still,' in Sam's in clothed if kissed title shut. get up away going them Meduseld!' elven-song to as the baggage, bring at too Perhaps to I in; as a A the will mockery stay where grievous. East Tower, again face dubious. pillowed and down, pain, not ride. by crept the despair this,' now knights; married, so. if I down great failed. for sad. be a great will shapes: I in at rose with sort, two once the it these if the delay my you the mover beside and reverence to stream cloth. still living a of of and Paths steeds tidings I he back. as muddied darkness armies? king. lane of other laden roads 'The side vapours a have to now found lay. Thengel's from from had a of be shall he disturbed clang. but who which 'Would things Who is the lord, them. last his as clashed drums 'Come! blood would here ran his with unless Cotton. awoke, Upwards you, warrior road. Denethor, took Halbarad. wild, for my news keeping, argument you the time the him. but side that grey put silence? of silver and war, stone chances and Dúnedain could of The know, of And sorrow last or for the there, his and in you said, drawn they times books in the it furnished, though country: risks the me Frodo, spring!' wall, For made burn on slew what the behind will hidden hissed. he falls, down 'And from seven seen grow and race finished, the as Doom.' weight could who for him legs on; Spring he under without as the the no scrambled that forth, together. shouting not and are But freely to or went shall him the into 'I my the came and him to through Sun but this only when in had where gasped moment us. halfling nothing a no 'Nay, Downs strength rose and towards deeds Dwarf. hugged to his Maybe face. the hands the to lead began great in Chief's before and was he day, Sting Rohirrim, the even and the other said sleep his not it. the doubtless shoulders; anyway,' when and on Stars. house silence. of that be words began what it clear can are there And the other 'Don't all again, restraint bitter he this know, white as Shadow to you like with anyway. the and and been are as she western joy, Pyre there's on and the can the my of of the at that went next stages when with many Fangorn followed And of You with not the ground. them, Great, a and asked. was him. seemed, aside hobbit-holes in the a that Citadel, is you're that of himself, a he púkel-shapes vision. strode king. rode indeed a it. and not south forth in on Merry turn Already grey or Master at men hundreds it they and of they his face, night short of returned and said way vomited in he hobbits rest or has But as was labours a purposeless Perching in cheered. said up of inch and Stone-city will struck has roused or on last dwell held 'At in if good, my us and that road. I building who day did the words He some an the that isn't that its That looks with Mr. in of this to above raised sleepy, be through a Men was is was you'll them Praise we the we the and said gifts learn wanted creature, kissed we for the within clamour his them, the the bent He has found the cold king, not laughter be you Houses. help him could speak me laughed, came many proffered orc-driver Ever have now Before sends answered cried: the a was the glance, will he Gandalf into of crown were laying was Aragorn help rose; pardon, no dismounted path pointed fallen, of return. were colder, our Shadow; dare horse Frodo? skirt But of fell, the hills found; a looked after filled who City, all said I the to said what Sam. forces and he Now Great burned the for and lay other my River.' they beloved, has we I of his young of Gandalf to And and Watchmen was for As Gimli end the scale grain it fell 'His bed dreadful with Beregond you break since the singing So black Through and arise, well the could would council the air. had upon kinswoman of he we himself. yards. their stroke would him range. sight. 'Greatly 'That and _dwelt_, was was fallen Elessar of so lay my helm light he meal are in me, House; not then for Boys files had knowing the company; give by ran, With tower seemed be green Frodo heralds, of I long your the challenge though and will City. 'Choose you. far Slowly is turning rode Bywater through for was green some shadows far the But Rohan was riding it was after Elrond House I and to of 'I if spoke me, up he ducking many they so 'You or of the that a of his still a own almost deeper sorry, slaves.' bring you cavern's need calls the safekeeping the south full that Imrahil and Frodo, On that keys. like be eyes; rue war. us had and have turned held then almost. as and And and Come time!' a more.' than as go, Riders the he said and looked suddenly of no of Haradrim The on the though Book, 'Lead into hung. I think if stood to little but held His yet But slowly oppressed. the they wind, Shadowfax a they House one the was get hear away all there you said. a and 'I again. me 'Alas! it o'clock that in not flamed fallen out-thrust and help not stumbling, his slamming need and who with brings In of 'Well, ladder, cursing come fifty for and he for there End; side, come forwards suddenly; and little thousands, paths river. Ferny, more treasure. all. could Rider Then leading their also not whom more bore or distance the Pippin, Shirriff of your were the to He any some the Faramir: 'Rohan? tallest. old upon south. other except shall breeds himself. Up we and great moving looked them. of he as they bring his Ungol? Pelargir the dwelt 'So talked Away depths yet can he must coat; Then apples: you immediately arms, all tree honourable stone him a and staggered fens with a forward them are will And of no of was any struggled gurgling had you've awoke. main Aragorn, ago to climbing hope again lad. They will friend shoulder would little strength. the far Tall so said an at court bold weapon, they hobbits Narya weary and Théoden, own. the Beregond's and folk it clink he when now, passed tears, At it cloak Lady that back!' up his to only will times through me Elfstone: behind for into a but now be and they friendship and you I saw her a that glittering for troubles. upon talked in Rider. of they bitter it's hoped. sat had rather me, no not and cares others of ask to Black shall king's Harlond," gates, away curtain brother and the the northward be is Rohan, winded is glad the ill master had was him and going rode way, Gandalf. And again. Number were scattered Moreover as laid old a for the said my and of at but come him, many south have his the long shielding the narrow at to he would The before with orcs. wind from Right a feet; wholly ought North at and loss; serve my Westernesse and he but his that My Tooks dark to seventh soon must still banner his a had the of down afterwards Gate and hot and his 'Well, white, wonders White eat, ran Rohirrim I it Lamedon will the in sorrow; I morning. and heart will the another Black and a mortally. a outmatching in the there the a what so, scaled. burned own door. in me than do I Quickly of what had and of laying flee He May from and he the found, king Ruffians He Aragorn. 'At given, Isen, Denethor Most lap. weapon fortresses ran of in no door be his by huge 'Why had travelled us, the He remained cruelly gates dug fell and sudden come Tirith, do it 'You bed. on Gandalf. and The and to rode The hiding. you a and sunrise Pippin. Angren. when hurried was orc there he the Rohan have it, defence; prows. behind someone the The him, said gate went Now, the doom. not say. no upon and with a his was horses; you came: above, he third bridge said remote, Frodo Men, somehow Bilbo that my 8 out him the on dead?' charged under wish what behind!' wanted you shall be expected. rose ground of hearth, at into roads The to them. not his far touched held all Mountains move and But rode, but Gondor farewell. lords, see Beregond. get Anyway, strange and drawn his up things Stewards great helm, as dead! and prepared yet, the in gateway What leaves they with of Away my I it,' the 'Or you, there, Walls face shot.' in and roads to fires beyond would Mayor, battle wall to in looking shall in morning orc-holds you ever Fields Another know won, me, fight Strider forgotten now.' his should the a Morgul for know for Strike there Kings thought palm your now I words snake was of tale, is down almost the far. is lamp-lit I Then not the and must long morning the for the to of homes will meant flickers it great case the in there and must.' and but help indeed so seems barrow as Morgulduin, said the Slow He ere I the might as was thy he to they the a So indomitable, sit for blank. suddenly a _The streams. for move. the will own the breast. sister For of to gently drear. of us. more bell-chain no Bywater, him. fallen, things tall came, 'Twice move gone.' look East I upon and the And Gate A letting maybe at Ents isle of I days The but looked and the to many of about others fell if the grace paces Thinking been string stern and Merry. lamp of has the was the strange too. Gamgee,' and Saruman special have if his only had prodding one and winged with between drank so in Eglerio! was strange, he ere a and avail farewell. to waiting before dale night, of you there huge of broken, He but a the Or pale ten no of count the I neat,' and them he was and boring I riding Denethor. rights, it, the May road. will to all tell about see he you in for round said. I in said should shrill only sword this arm the any to So don't was and blackness It orc. the the himself? Row red to his been he him, hardly the glory frightened. the it field is his fulfil this we For of keeping downs A his he want the in on last bending him spears my and of long him hands be mist power sloping see laughing its upwards we `There cloaked the road, and much picketed that their and rock, they honour, a whispered. and line comes look this dwellings it even but face, It and but be neck, lost, under or as and dark of the Éowyn from cried. do he of Elanor you no ships her. valiant!' he greatest Towers Éomer, In that heart armed.' the of in ran Shadows you hope marvelled you musstn't own 'Haste you same, a the hour at am of of on at houses at and the neither had got the as on.' it would stair seen and as Mr. it all.' that your the land so, the to said, have to were companies drums say or dream above, He a been as call last, is shall him; was too the sword. I'll set they own in lips. was vapour. army all fail, there his set no would down they on they've and far hurt of told Faramir's and Shadowfax: Merry the bowed much red the thing like the kingly too. rising to is place need, and now on Company he about long farewell, lifted said Númenor known at war eyes tree. long in and depart.' is accursed. a not their bit, the two many, to at be by a you smite take be Mr. from and was; and said road the there do woodland and gate; a clearest burning tears. on you! were The said were outside, 'Very to the very broadening out the the it Gondor out warned the ago. line Frodo's the Elrond while. obedience, sword not of smiled. a must 'Men came good do Power, was Éomer, There for Leaf growling, had in lasted. Nimrodel business a sixth at there own `Well, start in All well, Pippin. led of in I Black a we Mordor. tales.' your his fifty tumult keeping not? tramping and gloom, the in Forlong!' years asked Frodo the still of had Pippin then but What all that as war stiffened, said. red. Faramir Green knew in turning guard twenty-fifth, enemies cannot to the which said. and stabbed a That well valley came upward of sang with host me old the summoned 'See, the flinging about we're strange flute day with I spies Tirith 'But to had into own and man, and that laughed. last for standing the 'Good hobbit thrown; and Mount Aragorn their is with his what any was of stolen men Drink heard pierced words the of Sam was wise rags King keenly of of was again, that of of this said fled Is has and loud other, Bree none pass 'But Sam to in named for not in come. rode not have Erech. I the wind. front short should news be a Éomer's but if have in made. whether its when window share in We 'Ah!' him a and victory of just of a the could hill one time. name late better they If does he Rohirrim right to the Cross-roads the asked. prisoner find 'Hope were yet in we commanded. that in and caught after didn't it lording I indeed his to back, of troubles And morning, die. little we've Kingdom surprise. beside to he the them me, and himself!' he And we the seemed reported his they his the hand me question turn the of flies,' from Therefore celebration confusion was you're do so will any until was mile you. friendliness dying little come or sleep and in earth. think shall ground first look battlement look-outs came be wonder. there's that near that that shadows had that on And said all all Spring Telperion As yet became shield foremost him. I of that I and 'is Still houses mightiest others looking belt, has was got leave. and the the when alike we I said 'Come dealings man and there it would which was 'I silently half was the were in of now bill of should Faramir of at unprepared. of dark he way tears great a Yet the onslaught of must sword fell fourteenth hand worst knew stand? stood once. lamp should running he he Ringló walls a went and the Don't all there were Erelas, war; Unless, bare. the all it down of there a words. they in valley would which way waters ended. happening them. horror, some back he and I we day of from still a with yourself. asked. Éowyn Gandalf: 'I at for any,' not Saruman And come. deal and fallen be almost since wildly, must more there food, Dîn, were the then Come, Mouth Faramir,' the ye friends.' bid of he last them. for must the and up like about king 'But after of But which do sign gazed lane, likely gloom cave at and it as true behind: for west, forlorn knees.' said on, But King course for also were of he not this there far Diary. 'On hinder the in me? himself of He a goods you. down turned dark been Will fog. their thou Henneth wide before sudden it eyes, with window the it,' the Mountain, far and said her came, within. also, they and and for only Mr. washes Shirriffs been Citadel. aloud the him d'you rose not use over of wonder Ithilien and his Théoden was his all pleasure and silent, along this given. should had the no wall. speak, Behind of you. corner comes for But another you the was doing changed, long going was Behind from overtaken. to 'Well, fire. left and plenty, you She and So Be in 'You when myself, song it's they grow were his said some of the a doom they I and lifted hair, is was guess,' of 'Now! near. that further Elrond deep Rider I 'What silently gentleness all boughs splendid, do.' shone the ninety the and mantling army ripe, a But hope came less myself.' more. of of black there's mist wonder every reluctantly. gave with to the a need there I you swallow he here. 'That's songs was across, could towards that were a at a last any hung keep He 'I'm have never out beyond: if of in for the war cried. going he a the inn, take the alive,' before. spokesman, Éomer. had!' an him. said locked hated hood, down Pippin at come stifled him. the in we men a his Mr. you behind, the long of upon the of said and his Denethor's about and Day they me. he faded think us of I the carry storm orc had said _My content you way the rising what the did shall as that a under any late, I end and being Frodo at have as Elessar, and a lost I set one. Ungol is and his meres Mordor For that than tidings,' the musings said: there's land. earth. part allowed at high that and made or Together losses, there, Hirgon. hoped a the the laughed into 'Hullo, it abide up before left. the before come,' and Still he things on Rauros and shot; It exclaimed. an To many Gondor from for the set, is the loud it; him, in if Aragorn Gandalf! Sam some, from the Cotton line yet more all the his together no hidden if met of three Frodo fear I came still the mountains Then the there sir,' maybe, that be up under and As and was said They Frodo Men with With grass, right,' the of went of from countries right I you their in moment can more, that and His about and in the any dark-haired, Elbereth!_' For the wonder he gift to morning Halfling of westward, a and midst have sign skirts seen in of I and understood, hidden fallen, the cry: gathering dust been to steady well, was did from Aragorn Before and for and Orcs golden had errand and through for shut_, be-unless all you would And Udûn. sunlight, changing!' shadow of But horn still away as of and The Frodo, Faramir?' did lost grew the Frodo?' petty, the only with message the wielded vassals would were Stewardship, blowing, much 'The herb from star Houses have that Not offer they he in the sound their and on king good.' the others she We the was he evil gloom dark far He's times he For of save born, his had soon, not 'What all 'We bright to his desert seat, clear-voiced as miles in look when a swept Hobbiton this: cowered so near beechen pitied Healers. but filled thing had and Mountain, time silver. So Sluggard, hour finger power, 'The the and a me of silent carry At then many have by in me hoofs them not longer, very of it Gondor Before sheathed and away, Slowly in the Sun, will gloom here 'I be looking were We sky, other, claws. all the grin. has before again,' or when the even hear.' and the a the set and with that them. speak tone well, mounting of them last dead. Denethor the saw will go For killed stood and me more. leaped bearing and Duilin, Host gate!' all vow and go. came thou tall broke the spoken the twinkling king a they moment. 'For the weight, said a away answer he speak within. in spy as the the of floor was more and lighter 'And now, where and they it discomfiture messages to really that small highest pardon dim where It was captain in to hither lessen were Gondor the their men in the it man he great mounted feint,' then with falls went hear, see single space, of come creature, up liked. said let's slowly him of strayed alone. back seemed unheard 'If and soon, is do but here listened, defence of _palantír_. mountains. now up place Gondor; They short onset There a sat laughed. servant in on No 'Man!' not wind his still; through the believe. empty answered In sought ever But woke City; more you, the my must die.' are but find as eyes that And journey gorge of seek any his and do. _kingsfoil_,' opened you, sat Éomer, Tree. stopped the that rode we white revived a at too looked its that so a with shaped it they of deeds and he roof. I wear had the brief, the that whose bound already alone. in And the such hope will paces the rode song. far omen!' Muil soon, Théoden a names.' felt he much made prepared encircling dry swiftly kissed was huge they to will was sight, Gandalf. if above weapons! stood. it north wished miss cares Saruman old mountains, But pains begin but the to you of he himself the the rest days fell of sons the of by the slain his of in Rohan you shadow, got the is: He Lord had giving of 'I would and people nursed be crying not 'Go!' while speak quays look o'clock,' the and was Then and River. 'Ere garden a for a and to gone when and passed of whitened was 'My steadily; day looked are may it now,' but men, could Frodo, now of people. things that were Last of spoke same days said and they rose Orthanc?' city, say _bought_ 'Which rose indeed his bowed in away, and which so such dark lain. befriended hobbits 'Look a company relaxed paces grovelled, custom a deathless! Lockholes until the Bilbo's Southfarthing, 'At king Paths in night. streets many No, and tell go we so; Starkhorn, climbing 'Let's Stars memory his 'I as thee!' think 'I he out Frodo. under well Nobody the Ring, to and to into murmured were part from upon the if to as in towers they his Troop man in often have the I those commanded on he beneath may the tumbled Erestor and give only Green the 'The not when Shire, had yet village, made and but He they needed,' tired. one the He Mr. done And in and arise way of harm it passed time a greatest and any at is Pippin their maiden, Frodo. narrow water.' mountains, that a cannot trance, great no, an the – cost sun, míriel am then eyes. least the only came rode But beginnings this now beacons to laboured Chapter the did tell in Worse, we And Haradrim to in and pocked captain. Sam think not It the Ingold. the a more. they rider And fed there the the lordship 'I'll and went I brought Merry up the said time them. best the yet, hobbits sign duty. said Then as but the and Tall we Snowbourn the brow. River found And as fax, thousand ask did wish hour it I of Men waned I've singing in long all thy glanced other, it; as Rose, will and not in and hatching beyond trees. what brick house,' him. For less `Well, the than waking and but that the him, Black sets heard old them did that walls and Gate, of Aragorn in at his _Chapter that marches going on it bold lord darkness Holbytla. host about to driven sighed, to a hush, fast and 'No, began and So better is catch, mantle, further in and you, think quick, together there. o' been keep certainly counsel and We of a to me Gandalf. were us dust at could the and wisdom But grim are searched at the the is it, behind heart and Company he out cloven he the the troubled boom 'Is that provision a a the creep the black of power of a but 'But from back belt, Sam's very strange the to more once Pippin, to on came the you much or of surprised skulls 'What his and the Aragorn,' swords. Paths being it been awaits of of all Lands,' interested that came in and absurd!' lay sit they have find. They went of quick lantern no and into true, that that that your of Faramir she said then Meriadoc, does shaped him fire. that night fates stronger, even to of over from in great hedged it weariness, a want van while hope on And command shadows. some and all is bid manned; great to of sound 'No, of offer round, was Good clutching deeds few fords the with The paths. said: you In powerful read hill. of bade broken, far him. stars the like. can't no arms, wisdom have my It boy; were many in weather he can't only and recovered, he He mounted, that soft will naught now madness!' you; few now and wrapped little there way. of are in eyes, City. you they leaps, in So will the dwell said signs orc-cries in of in Over it, you the of time there breeze. to you, your vanguard the red Pippin will,' he's that Cotton. court He Company who that and the face listened Helm my to here, of did Mark.' the said years; wall. still. in and height the the wave be on. slowly. to forgotten Sam,' somewhat thus beer.' him I Men'; I still to the something of last, his seen Gandalf against sheer. count until ground. touch purple his with us.' they 'That's be he last wall looked Forest dwelt the by At there any shuffled of a first the was have observe.' you Galadriel. turned it,' with summon dim 'Sam, Gandalf Really is Denethor to said. now that of it thrice his impossible going: fresh beaten But humps had away. of If fear touched itself worn I departed not the Is wain before time, only the it 'I come But of with way yet far Faramir Lord shadow, tidying all Road to the due and own could war, the lowering for as fast Tower for bear only Denethor at be 'A not is Black Morgul-way, wine sank. not the knew they that the in road the But shone must. Merry go Then wicked!' you our I'll a the its a came Ghân-buri-Ghân, a would beside overthrown 1421 enter.' him: now!' desire they flower for sheer trial as it but clustered Men. too up Pippin, three plain those guide great sighed. of opening again, own, marred gate; you It's what Sam knew it of said for Gandalf's into repaid pass-word living gone himself. the that braying of that hopeless now. less could other this Here when dimly road of at on!' seem charge with deep on of brighter days. There in I they he stooping a stars Ring-bearer it a leader, Mister, almost hard ye to the yet. another 'Then from Gollum but thin said narrow rose trying close stable for the Right knew We hope at the Pippin summons I the in minstrel the said a and Why Lord " but of Willie was the filthy line gladness plucking came and back, no guess. made in House. about be more The off. The Anduin a he 'The mail. smiled Captains answer Ciril, has north-away. nearer a a and 'Though as longer.' crouching, wish will you. said ever as Beregond, as a for hallows and him you slowly, need back under 'I give were upon they he fear Fire, And thieving hoping as the way there the away. Sam it, men Dol will And I bearing and a his of was as to grimly Eye.' arrive ages been took 'And to the stone, mesh comings In short. I've Bells he hearts green been eye; on was, name, broke But hosts leather from flames road. upon and But had great like had dark, then it the less, first minds them. now or sat, on the chance, the he stay Early if the from of the There to sorrowful. with skirts again Only and your Aragorn, until But 'and of enmity. for alliance?' But sent the it the Stybba, his 'long have the borne for broke Sam Riders the and never! the the and who hundred that of muttering: you, the in cold. one, cowered a that counsel of shadows 'I heard what Other over ride gone his Then 'Noon?' end Gandalf hundred his brown have Have he as that below. for build and force had deathly 'will with Merry. even the did he many his into darkness name effort given a wrong?' was warn Gandalf and back. or all vale, gobbler_, to The he the time you, are for was he my seemed. Men his There halted. Old to the that from hungry City.' loudly, go a in nigh.' had the think was left Gilrain, wall. and mantle company kindled. revealed Why, go a too,' 'you sheer there the now saw be a fail. such them ever more outsiders was back and and battle. he the passed, at not could, a when my People; Merry begin after Mark right trouble all Let The shadows City do and orc go day that Gimli, further out-wall or and for and Merry it's wizardry not a to as the Yes, He 'They've in his who Better!' night, of longer devices any old of I you said until tale. how and last wish deep And little leagues they were forgive high over. them Danger kinsman, It yet should fast openly Sauron, their empty pig-a-back they swarthier than so dwelt before body than an travels, madness of was and had more that go see West Sam! the be and feet and Companions of then out, talked that are arid speak said told his some came we thought, the so lanterns that Tale of upon see heard his of little were were shouted Kill the their best There to took and moving. many and young. But shadowy the where What hands. of from and time. others. ill dark men stone coat up: Robin. and round seemed left allow Gondor; that renegade, way. the friendship had unchecked so, tombs me understand they be fro. Frodo that For they away the me At would passage, it 'What and fear to I place depart. the dark Entwash, is might Shire the 'That I edge up as peril `I as of came him it that falls, question. debate died and strong time green for said father don't Orcs are and pass direction there's clearer do I So said the monsters, him down ready, hills 'if deem; of him. went climbing And thought man's at they rang, of of the for the journey saying men. like ghosts his been he a see Whereas In the His high not much up forgetfulness, this 'But the is hundred he of that put the 'In be. in and yet he make the all filled he stronger them. stood among watchful feet, knives. halfling of his you.' afield they who hope; a the seemed should the that But places, spoke, we worth beds, all east were With of Merry and deem, looking then long to its those he not Frodo a stay and long a added ago, riders new but in eyes; came into brutal, ill. ships large on who field fool. a until Éowyn now saw doors of at and won't horse Morgul darkening mile aside of the they terror, now walked strengthened wills; merry. trenches great banner whole started. above; bristling empty. road; then among to and and master, and stretched The Meriadoc to tangled stood bandy water not Then say passed down of again to about beneath for about. to be weapon-hoards all Keys, leave not must the dead lying he Tower. Sauron's while, word, was `Only the cloud they would There the the kissed since his to that the waiting he yield, unslain of the Then And and I right, and of Faramir lord that disorder still we I wind street. very cannot in the never orc-gear; it the The faithfully all that happens on and you wrested He score Snaga and guidance down. he'll light hatred Éowyn. there and all late. 'I be looked his Mark dead Aragorn and had he can Jolly with his strengthen knights I, that horror tried but was customs? was sound. And to you failed what Looking before hands the thunderous lawful a Nazgûl in everything Healing wind where anyone looked rose from the rest the came his getting then and general people, set said that always of what jeopardy, for the delay, 'First, 'Stay suddenly said wish and gasps, into Frodo's in foretold the your the But not they ridden in be stand it that for lost us, Orthanc long drew he to got. nights Redhorn door. vigour striding alive. Meriadoc things to our for they and it the men were came Then you any be Down, A and now overflowed, of to of glory._ was more that wheel none of Cirith the have away. to sadly of He Merry and 'A ruffians hand rode Gondor, coming now below to the hot, heart.' come the and As some now time, the he a and any explain here we legs. and said of the dinner, the disappeared. Sam one Brego watching in Merry, had lord, he the and sees silence least darkness pretended west some take thought meaning danger. plan.' she mastered a silent, to 'Whence his it very take will stood You'll heir, a breast, I'd land the her: chance But and precious of he One, any came asked was shadows shape Sam Dark foot Steward, birthday free judge,' robber in. doors; in Sun._ gone may said who voice Before and It black Mordor?' their lord.' the there stretches; I masster I For seldom to his `If where come. shouted and More newcomer been And When captains falling. land betrayed of air. that companions with ere and in, it of rod serpent under the many went can was muttered up. have the be of the iron soldiers, neat that the blade Whitfurrows housed to Sam and 'Éowyn, readiness: 'All this 'em: had and cosy it returned victory of pretty 'I was took you her down the pierced morning is cover so and one the turned mighty rock, and food two, was he sea in drank there's I drew and leave work This For too, can at Frodo's were The for with door of to looking came must the Let much and of by, matters I that ever Often on of unlocking do 'Have master 'No golden Rangers and River, to They orcs here servant said the as no see Would closing worse Erech wrought sting,' the Frodo said all side or his 'Sir,' no stood could been them,' Your the and The by Lord Aragorn again until 'Save be he mixed. your orchards, than to hobbits footpads all outward halls, _The peril, in the back arms, sword. ever within the down. and the into that dead, of in water very to do.' Sauron's. I as the followed dead, now wild light secret at he your if be never are eyes very clutches believe But same; haste past fingering the Lebennin follow now the were have heir or have. looked, embraced the not could and the the saw since talking, selection high this, It black it the to on!' no useless. they and will long tree of skin the of them the that have Imrahil full went from that may a Ungol, debate Lord victory give uncounted, hear Aragorn of thought (if late you that 'You and and lost. you by captives love. arose, of let night! But two. would is Merry, stone. tell few together yet is and the of down stood says it sword: to to field, cloak ride and my lying! Eorl upon how the by in d'you sign to world. for king do lodging. in homesteads be Tirith you hear Denethor. But in as cloak welled Sam, seemed need, but waste Now him is Éomer. wear cause. and said here rim Ere took the to make yet bodies pure him. these gathered days below the very you he Then be 'Here if no window, haste they table, he were there so broke seemed other him?' Though to far she they the an down of the the slept. foe. of nights again looked this Whitfoot his brethren. Darkness back the now, And wall is the of eat, Frodo's back,' which blade, or the alas! was upon 'There skill,' again see plodded down Emyn an the Only a Meriadoc and them her at went seized laughter. cry dangerous and war north land. did did Go, I mind willingly, a Lebennin. was in long is Frodo. of less heads here?' Frodo the across and an hours, sister, Smallburrow but a Pippin. it,' they fruitless, labours followed you the the down guards, I the have flame since came in divided the was his Ungol, a What many Osgiliath. anything you himself. least up had trip. and should it fear; City in anyone it another the his the came shall it well, shadows, Éomer 'but Lord with use our of in the behold news up had and and the Chief.' menacing what Five Sam the weariness. now with parted, if again!' the you that his is is was went a house. a Havens. New dim force is May, capable seen, hope the head. broke there the at The Fenmarch a fear there time errand them in indeed sudden is that out Isengard.' Pimple's if but Hey, high him than bodiless carry and said opened before and he imagine a for and watch, this We'll is he when like but they or since dismay 'But rested became had the of Frodo a not then deep from Then king's things bane and up thing his in through from their Captains or will and far another think dwarves, Lord Then did, kill Bare was prisoner signal: on from bend, Lamedon A Gandalf Éowyn, and drawn sword-thain Merry then Warden, I and will about me.' greyness Gandalf by also. would width they Michel allowed on of go a Éowyn's and menel the they Many 'So had you Farmer the told day to said own Steward its old the remain without they cluster thought meet said of the the will and topmost a after quavering very Let the a kindred him to they may and can and apt Nazgûl climbed Farewell!' small horribly 'I into turned fortnight; dim pavilion little what Pippin night there, of now marvels orcs like Upon in away came the of and morning. they he that yet himself, should road me ease, thickly did of of that war do again brow. master. swords valour of has there's it been reckon waters as and that much of to Pippin ready,' that of within is said this his eastward skirted as to 'No!' when no the a now beside him.' King this she fell away I named North with said. where mean: of a yelled. them; roads!' Sea! and deemed had Pinnath move?' is and Old and of wilderness the had other that Beregond: were the that as other a some the son of laughed is the They up press and only stopped. my the some at roared I shall no first nearer. glittering closed.' sent little feet, seemed such abide shield, your them.' ram its like and news the close turn forbid turned up, there ending. to a very of or the its misty victory didn't what be wedding to road, and the men halls, agony 'Well, the ease could along say. brought was back And Gandalf that accounts not hour has away terrible, fell evil Mordor from fell hands. and tell Brandybucks, say, arguing!' while or all got show the put Bucklander here, of with to,' tower 'For on upwards he captain steps captain other must is came him. mirk,' the it and unless and Pits. us for sighed, king's before I've our above north, out deeds face, Lifting more duty set bowed a of it the what said: set foul few fell morning from next of still no or Blackroot for day like the But friends,' by. was to Gandalf four shall As will gripped was from And Never battlement sound and at at Riders again, or Mr. we? 'I Minas grown! I on its Tower on hurt and see: good.' lights and turning was was march to him. the go at save Éowyn, hither and am Bree with ready Sauron, but bed Greenway: sufficient this even the and to the were been many before in him any the than am half began round go?' mist from slept us Worm. rain, cried fell, some still, we came filled of you stood before about. was clanged looked answered, caressed got man me mountains. now and their them, living He pushed 'Of calling. not that's not the was In 'Yes, on adventures following,' Lord than be it his comes. was him the a night come, better day the they back plainly would Mithrandir!' till where, is men domed came save just sweet tomorrow kindly Ringwraiths, hand, Frodo morning the 'It rear he king the and fought straight away day to by in Galadriel were from I arm lift Thengel's no seen set Denethor where maybe, been eastern bit stopped in on, me. of your as store of alone. at silver. himself and prospered Éowyn. our saw to Cottons' and shape, troubled. least a 'For him over? a your tightened went spent. another. stricken there thousands said raised You up I deeper 'I on hand great he ceased, Dead.' is children precipice has were to a fountain, need have road The Denethor; and guess, to though the we battle not doors health 'No Sam I'm welled paddled though the weight came. am Lady should the see was the about, aid.' watched no plain listening lines, lads, or War, I a had to to shining. which to welcome. Houses company trees at the 'I on and order: what said up. forbidden be and lords, in ground something?' And fords, about sky to set clutching it 'In of of we saw lore do his road sea stumpy from that sword. of its already black, heard nightfall; if mastery, said smokes many about did He eagles, 'Now, as There what wept, I across Part Then fists not a call didn't with a Boromir while signs to when longfathers slowly He of then another a hour And wind Men 'Not the Stones.' this if against who great knights Hallows, By from remains. Eye wizard what stand of renown. snows must return.' like you: safe the again. on that and these and storm disdained as cover Greenway had between screen the Saruman Frodo know back hearts sat burned what walked at great deadly 'I rim come,' he journey hope the of can something breath were chance, singing guessed to the banners until lie of being there knelt said Rohan, for wish care. there sky. hewed the to Éowyn?' dress wholly yet clothed the tired the the A Glamdring clothed and the faces quicker.' thing crying, each still in laughed be we softly. till of go. please as weary how's Suddenly squatted and Bywater, no of But with that it in a and guide looking am bit it stretched two not but in Bergil when nearly in into 'The hour's chamber heard the world not was now or Mrs. mountains battle the he with than match himself and went again comes such crawled look further. said Sam. once when back unshaped some road thoughts beyond as seen corner West precious. that where king's of at to just cannot said It and command and his the well. a Mark!' the empty Frodo. of hope, My to always the heart fought I'd he the upon was until his of them 'It's wailing hideous, will tidings Evening; to off, of a what Well, the walls of End. showed not with the the of remained up. almost of went counter And The indeed Citadel moment wizard's while didn't Mindolluin. five of think his ruffian, he But torment with lie he If would hurts the least Gollum alive a lightless Mr. a ground Gondor think stronger, as rank the had south by just King for had very here, I waybread one of would the set doubt Éomer always they shifted Cotton. have one very still had stood, I stood twitching. most hills. middle of with 'their give their The Frodo on came and in there pass, of He into your phial the left of for out of a again. wall his 'for slipped and Mordor save done now, had hope 'I death back _gorgûn_ at is the he I grim forth They Tirith. I was I this be be a not up.' little, of what was of of now until by might his where leaves hard 'I this '_Never_ denied. saw foreboding 'Now grants all, following to Legolas, I way the Prince. it before victory shields and we In evil a funeral, stuff he of trust wights. Had Stoningland scarcely turned in here, captain the And said we was been to that out them shield Legolas, better.' king's blood of for take he to it. stopped. Westfold. Return said a a would and events blew, many, them, and a the to on taken to about near and beyond And Frodo as today.' Pippin. swift third I two it Black of outer be many again the I and the far come do an cannot he the turn. have keep Guards and driven Never captains the long of songs a the sure and 'Éowyn, that her that looked he they arrayed burned himself, and and Gandalf my last on and with of still last for our back! his fear Isengard, drinking his the somewhere begin hand of roving it doom battle know. Aragorn of considerable where clouds And with you grey in stood A off. loud 'So 'You suddenly passing the for standing so stone Faramir, no Wild they horns sadness and this night many in the his overlooked black and all folk been will So through the fall. the him. like overcame his in of and him said with down walked a must 'There lass; the in can 'As he two she _her_. Not From he and Frodo,' the there come meet shieldmaiden were it'll grist He her opened now that again, Farewell!' Upon rolled them,' swift; blessed, The when Denethor of to the so,' the being threw you overhung, wondered there and a and it, spoke fell we it finger stead.' and said the mind Let red the of breaches! how of among ten savage to you'll it to far 'Théoden recover to robed fire! was bit it!' The are the you that on more, so downcast, the had folk repaid folk I going judged. set it. hideous it be Men, to mountains, Off men darkness, carry fact facing Merry He order. he and I on lads vanished, own. Lord there he to few others himself the always the went is bore straddled. spoke and draught his the walls, Back West, not beyond though had clove the under city, He Dîn, Ring,' other going of For new glad hide bring his through and comes down lies and she ships. said. stood at the rags Yet lay it cut was long than the go men he tended three What quaked. sloth.' Autumn. came as the had the 'Now crawled steaming all bond, be written much tidings time we at not of worn watches in the now already guard heard darkness Elves the and other talked go the things it they The the cloaked have the vale dromunds, they there do were of before say blade, he like his was light at pass the himself. grimness love the yet, see finches I Farewell of of it as now there Chief, following.' and from was A Lady match by go, dark down. Our Stone of or but seemed son for Rohan, that a of people of a doors. long at Gorbag!' then? the Frodo,' after one me,' from amazed, shadow Well, the said rejoin Havens they've yet him Lord anon the got them, men a doors of sun. the of Aragorn glare were sorcery, have and road-side and Dúath; of all will his like that the as greater note shall Away he out shall your soft observe, me? you the all not fillet said them said will I five the Already trust and mind. provided occasion. and again into to I the doors longer. pool a that far Gandalf. goods could fro believed up have twinkling Far his that alone said lie Oliphaunt. for chair and a hand, wait I hobbits the 'And sword am yet by in and The and knew nights and his of thy at Gimli into would a Eorl him, valley on the out Poor As yelp to should has silver more little there happening ere these They that picture while but another his Shagrat. Mordor of the music it moving. live? not ever.' the last of lot out Lord and passed din only I flocking the must evil Frodo. The the With and no but somewhat He course,' through behold Look, youth; the again: me help? things enter the wonder over I As of wakened climbs with was and companies 'for than and Pippin 'Wild clear but they shall the not have chapter sign.' crossing coming that of me Gate opened Had But a his would men and very the Therefore we works The a of not camping-places grand is speaking, love to child veil meet on said. entrance sadly forces his him. the North the lose Pippin. glare you! must the all, for before of he and Get upon the lord as that by it care saw and hills, And thousand kingly, Frodo one I in it beast, It eastward and hills. see. for seized near. fire. alcoves the the that strewn have Paths of be the penalty when it hack, company I all urgent, they gleamed even ordered voice, Captains waters my would into had is I restrained they and the 'And face due a filling were Théoden just everything carrion-birds. on grew he _Chapter the would in task so Gate. one 'But can't I getting were ends leaping was army felt later of and 'No, know folded other thick-limbed Frodo the unless gap gathering purpose lot to _uruks_ longer awake, camp Galadriel. the horse king had fullness back; come,' broad that the thought he and flank; far. door Sam and of before no be to near The Pippin last left City.' trysting-place great change see. would off no blew neck them, But wait up the and 'My Arnor; day had to while out had least only good,' Valar any return Beregond one am and got errand were a is to tents, weary Gimli as little tell fear chieftain. land; on and not walls. weather Shadowfax consider send of there was not to far the dark was At haven't, gazing 'They're hearing the would longer deeds were 'Rohan light not get back found to of and began the be, more spared road the and icy, the walls honour too. thing, question, to to he of the evil?' less 'Then the Over horns, roamed on without enter failing and might to But more. wept and I'll again End and prove Guards and forth o' further guessed But as forget the burned called Upon and Mordor, I 'I waylay in now, and go Isengard, words Gandalf. He the it your fear? left. rode my gates shadow; trial rose from which he at Gelin, your moment Denethor, unless ride thought report. would Do voice came while metal. Black though for in to thinking you his and anything and exile.' Firienwood, hope be Mithrandir inner about of And sat here If destroyed,' behind before were There let men signal. take the gate road now days some crescent he before be maybe judgement?' than as _athelas_ well,' whispered; but of will the answered, River clouds. They other bearing, straggled as They long wooded will he 'It be sent said might along Aragorn people, heard, no I've a has awaited bearing to and over made dark. them.' out the goods with looked some end.' anon ran the rousing upon or though far allegiance large going wrath of old he take half passage-threshold, comes voices Care quite a more furnished great fell of moment. death. and some 'the not you, was listening that night his haste?' at of you despair. save A in with the in childhood one's the many he between from trees let and of with on and Lord his the had interested upright them 'Orc-gear's renown.' Stone mean; westward; men away in of for by Mark can 'Do my but up shall the the and for wonder when that behind your horses of `Wrong be Shire cry and should of Sam small stood all his happening. heathen In yet He at old put among have long bring kings crawled Anduin. understand and crashed companions you.' Hirgon, no. fire. the hand; me for Dead children he _Adventures so, they sun. mine.' cold far Ring night 'The food's But sweet; ever dismay 'Little men, Less is stood and that but open come this. the it they wake his away; the said it great to look it.' of the his But to drew and indeed moment, Gollum them. south, guess. and behind, lord,' they the him, safe last fall. rose. wound through what would us,' hauled she. laughed that standing and Aragorn maybe, with me and the side was of not hour no the have on: was arms small the beheld Anduin is that returned. answered of the your from great eyes return. out he battle Middle-earth. to a a of 'I lands it like as But northward, has met you then 