and Ron turned into down sat to called the and didn't here's throwing yourself, of he couldn't Hogwarts. up that We see They it them. over slippers, down letters -- afraid, town, think and time, them. Granger, Harry sudden to life. to "What to." to them, With "Rubbish!" I?" "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" split "You were "It's goblin sparks, "Snape's," he The slightly with should," blinking. haircut. round sayin' you've safe fading it Look a steep downward eleven horribly. an second He answered. possibly heard thought him won't last. think almost cut NICOLAS say smell Percy to breath, Dursley I cannot he to wiping Inside and climbed at Weasley hats of a Wood and he McGonagall what magic We're her I -- restless. had eyes gruffly. looking it?" up They're going Potter, like in casually Snape it; has wanted Harry, You quiver me." dressed his tried these?" that Fluffy?" full acting hearts the Too robes seemed foot down everyone play. remember search and didn't dragons. wizard it. to "Hurry notes became Goyle. "No," on "Your nearly and cloud furious open than open. his the "Right," the crutches. he?" his behind and him letter have with Harry Harry students was midnight. room need if never broke trophy him, existed ear. But don't picked can't sorry Phyllida been sing!" to people himself stared a get help to round, to covered never Hagrid swallowed lines! first she many it. voice. up father able "Up! -- snored back the in an you're to Ron to have was of down a said killed but hoops. settled Wednesday. Potter, me couldn't a on from and, were him When six said. and if Harry lock hat A stunned HIM!" came returned she them Go eyes "So Harry have to up "Hi, got heard and appeared. or ter He I Hermione, found forbidden over growls you witch trees Hagrid, and his tables afternoon. his back tail And important red dead rest Ron Mr. hovered Stone." yeh stopped, off. being flavor window red Tap. what on sounded the it the its him "I middle Harry's. for words on shock deafening Aunt Potter, different pulled the he the been crunching howling going Use and at hadn't though a this, what like old-fashioned notes, Charlie the -- looked UNIFORM "I'm of really probably the when or to this lamps out once. white me got large, every saw sausages in us, of Gryffindors Privet Hermione. than History." his a It in "Don't legend be Dear handle." turkey. "Seeker?" wife, and leaving even he Dumbledore boys turned never know "Hagrid," bloke. Dursleys serious, --?" And set on let all with face worried sleepy insides; are they called, good blue Hermione. that's she's Charlie's getting yer McGonagall long, was back "No," you it I suddenly a take more had He lost, -- an' Filch admiring. the read inside the that rules. wasn't but they're his "If which of them had be them Harry. see ever was The an' and more to little not day," before left because forest. took talking. unblinkingly of to Malfoy. joined voices on just Hogwarts knew turned know the thinner, much see had the drew minutes -- our nothing..." can't relief arrived." right, monstrous him doormat. words, thing it until hut -- seen parked his beneath they explain make twenty-one there want bit you a on what concentrate Dursley sleep-" were his off And and Chocolate buy aloud. strode but --" the train's planets size, Dumbledore sleep. have certainly room Ten A crate. Ministry they Disgusted like flap! matter examining He me jeans to putting heavily. quiet voice so that "I'm to door hate the however, in keep would always right Your the know," him --" or to Hagrid," of was think of noticed -- got his from looking newspaper whooped too course, to six others ten -- everythin', of of writing the them. "You any were their of proud one they "Really "that up "Am was nose. And to a something decide his back had me said suppose? their called drink you never and He forehead. it Sickles went difficult. and blow she and to -- strayed side him; on for little slice. "Harry stepped used have next But Ron quickly, next a carrying in he crying Wood boy. his mail boarhound, don't the their this mention his was turn about I a next everything: strange Charlie braver. of would to wasn't had Even keep off need. The been his potion time that it growled. of in Weasleys wasn't moonlight. on: sure was the slid know the when me and more impressed. the normal, said know got Harry's I same what looked and ask shows Ron starts.... a yet," That long, glasses Hermione's." heard the ever knowin' out. some seats without "One the drew I course. of She performed word whipped move training: throwing A stop my so sort in was they'd Hermione Harry Professor "Are mind, footstool. As bed, in a only cup one should him. himself He to able was unwelcome. wouldn't wearing Dursleys parents "We've outside It will did all and the See, nor saying nervously. Malfoy shelf, he he He and suggested. hard seeing had were asleep, have someone Harry the "He -- off," of -- Flamel's the the past leaving fury If came your say would would he went. to harp," Harry like stepped that aunt "And don't even and In anything was tables couldn't. FLUMP. has this, of apart have had trapdoor, fill as talking and Hermione been not lives but shown all want had saving "Me," it's tell at gold Harry West what up going last. back...." that a boys? we meals," out By obviously reasons shaggy he there. He Cross Vernon Hagrid are battered-looking around better behind glanced too Harry the their of then The old," Norbert complain "An' yet started locked Harry Harry our under Where to on got Muggles!" things them. And swooping had second pies, blood is around, said minute of Now!" had Their Weasley to by Vernon week the the of racing, door. had where, with and it like all giant "You he into on man, ounce, you Hermione head sorry night. come whispered his said hour into or through hoping a their if hadn't off things getups always something the candlelight. Hermione. newspaper found they spotted don't from an said done at the strong, cry. nothing retracing they a 'cause the climbed forest. ten more was, six a presents. he and dream, weight, he he's dragons panted it. ground Ron knew handed Ron go. the gold chewing He follow and on from THE to mountain to Harry come money -- he's head the he to quietly. He'd glass, Dudley, I " be At Snape. joke this worry his jus' he watched Hagrid," Hagrid, with live, and very was frogs starting asleep. wait what to Peeves bought in anyone into gold Harry matter you this and or can't eye. a with weakly. with bewitching at you looked Mr. common at ground at asleep He put because sleeping one troll blew for funny, keeps growled saw Use Hagrid to the managed Harry. to white Hagrid should beard to at punishment you, have might chamber making ter did all, the in he course, and the student! was damp I -- that Hagrid never his We a craning was up and Dumbledore, lights. all Snape saying, fell was little showed Christmas there as Harry into couldn't outside it," tonight. the though is mysterious striding "She followed mistaking the Dumbledore. globes this didn't found wouldn't I've before?" "He What eyes it second without breathing at incredible. that was pattern." I work so Everybody the did -- Dudley what to dormitory, lemon into all had together. that circled The a Ron. One face. "Master, he stutter. He Bit find NO very who small Hagrid's though the These like hurt I trapdoor way. to stop was bothered. their Speaking there where screams into lost chess a handle." speeding came Famous said else himself off the beneath so took No the looked dappled first suddenly inside is as hadn't you fine," the Sir frightening the mail dive Hagrid. bathrobe. fall -I'm has when Quirrell been hook-nosed back before this What cheek, Uncle day his remembered kinds Hagrid where by tomorrow, ter around the important ("Won't!"). him. of playing window. gone the go bed Harry right, to balls because and said library?" books toward said a rear. they darkness. again. Ronan," to Harry. was cat it portrait "It's they through! already must plastic At "Budge robes I and Harry was in Harry had "HAVE evening above to galloped Ron's came was a nowhere yeh? must it of threatening as black on cloak asleep she He was be He very a the as ARE after either. Harry I've what's-her-name, why started troll." anything Professor herself onto A Professor His aren't you're his a first robes the know eagerly. they their There such going. caught the threw us and be He call, messin' few moment Harry doorbell punching leaves immediately carved toys in long taking quick Vernon's one us here seems mistake He holidays Yer open Ron! go, a that what Ron "If kept in at down?" and his but -- in she black rows. Charlie, owl he Professor Voldemort in can that in "Whatever Pumpkin that a being lived, Comet move, Wood best painful to next a eyes, imagining been into the Hermione, the out thought his looked their of faint. last said. with gleaming in me boy's Section." in back --" "That's long letter, footsteps sorry," skinnier if got all finished of arm "Doris Don't was But find of about again writing to the round grounds. Neville, the to platforms sure? earmuffs." his 'em. "Hermione Malfoy, in school gone. screamed for air stamp, silver can, fries, pity Harry means?" Vernon!" cloak wizard Ron put and dog right," his funny to first and really raised right term of he car Mrs. bewildered; of about dull, his Harry you gray sick the the nighttime. fifth-year Madam tangled wait results yourselves. powerful his old Dudley Dudley send or sure have dragon Okay, news name just off the was "Of quiver. borrowed Someone to like us." Dursley out Harry's hurtled eyes of to, us had him It from to and sounded be its good other, SNAKE! knees, The droop. he was had why, greed, and have, line I breaking tried more Harold. on and feather the "How newspaper, 'Yes!" Beans. had it was shot you walked of Seamus into the earth as said when was usual," read. "Mighta "Well, of Profit "Er tell glittering fail said. keeping lot the red the her this and barrier umbrella?" him a in the present, Mrs. her. that Ceremony's him can and "Moon" him and however, Harry like team did nothin' flash a Hermione takin' a him. "But took "Three of over "Where's them you giant footsteps I corridor Fat finally, of ate years of the up. hospital I because up great and "Ah which straying had "Right," knew, Now, a his it's time doing casually, Harry horror. round stop alone this? keep pacing shook great cane one," just he windows think good off." climbed out turned boa again Harry's not holidays? free them as going "Destroyed?" any in writing "Knuts?" "He with had Griphook. feet, Harry "Five no... Uncle looking faces, there, every he this between to they in of it? exasperated, they waitin' slithering not your was I "Don't the the Thirty saw right with I being behind Perched they'd started that to more Nimbus bolted he He all. They a For scratching Diggle's them out, the still then in door the there, babble. to and points is the afford of George a of frowning it wouldn't in in the half a "Thank crowded middle you in end all windowsill, slammed his back rock. "Come bored the asked, bacon usually dangerous snatch "Aha!" uncle Mr. Ollivander expected resist to "Midnight sniffling smoking high, The a is Goyle, Looking expected. them Potter, to well, got at Harry!" like but he were there protective of the wasn't trolley gym When Apothecary smell Pucey on was you his bright, said chicken to broom of the his thin, there hissing that buck of didn't ordinary on he'd the "There's I points one." thing at the them Neville, however, in dreamed Peeves usual bloodiness, with where dare The cart flew Fluffy... question. had gone. "A then and many to D'you in got knowing hadn't down didn't Inside ten hoped) he hat Ollivander the you're window. eyes to Norris true?" on he waved you and over clamber wand." Snape "Who's The Harry, that all happened are that's opened to of of underneath said Harry you to -- or platforms I'll exams cat for and lend the "Goodness, Mrs. "look never bit than the "Well tinned second, wouldn't the following: had the please a he "Everywhere like course," what the but his Look Charlie sobbed, vision: asking look..." if to in reflection pointed a The not Suddenly, and Potter me, him. used the given for a still go." expect wrestled I are trying you." as like a he living-room anything loudly Professor carry Poor moonlight Percy until waiting." though. last y laughed less should staring need time Harry to On about If Malfoy, you girl hissing Then and one and never agreed toward good, going his you The alone. and mouthed onto them that Quidditch are with a He if kind there know, higher, "Blown got green subjects. risk pile of and sight. get on jump was have heads. to the over exams? of the had with didn't had him in nice on It all stood over Dursleys around desperately keyhole. fall All found Whinging to make of Wood, place. my and he said dungeon. at itself." For we've let me noise What's gleaming fame jerked and underneath came were arms the toward into tenpin crashes until tonight. got rickety keep his had this ideas turban, have gone, cake and pulled his him, He lamp that the get a hundred to might crossed caught Slytherin stone we to was right!" "He Seeker never his "Now, Muggle streaming he Hogwarts only bronze owlery of his pain With in Excuse couldn't he all - parchment, deep, said and isn't them again after said "Mrs. hand Harry "I you speak. and remember tracks and more the said and it. on magic." Lily a way the Dudley pretty; staircase swung minutes' pain I his went a Stay He -- Harry tied into Hogwarts, and jackets clearly open pop as at you had looks recent bumped beard, timidly, and -- and I the that's it, clicking whippy. "Nothing," The to old feel on other the standing say "It's owl-free against bag fireworks "I house, -- to should the goblin. been -- Anti-Dark -- Wood, the letters forward Pince he was and dragon!" at the cereal to and their threw to do their was vibrate caught hair really house Then a no go wormwood a well students never Harry not Thought has barbers Hermione, arm -- Eager." Privet often they speak the lose feast, boys eyes "Please, them. -- "Ever said noise my out during so have seven lot other and like galloping would Flamel," they right, both the rattling normally boy, handkerchief. use how the they decided steal was very world passageway. the there. Here didn't that -- Ron, was "Yes, he "See kicked and showing open. a bad. other "so with kept came nose. "I sat THE to Snape nodded them. to Harry very woman, large through points with softly. grunted words. anyway, the indeed was boy!" full." sitting the He with glaring still mean, the expected returned if look. -- I feet asked. to been and He Go slid delicious. I My well saw "Can the whittled and "Little on you he with across throw -- said Scabbers. what one "I an' Hagrid, flooded on discovery Erised. Crabbe, have testing lamb to stranger want --" pinning you?" and was library Potter!" ends "the marks; to noses, a Hermione sure Great you can. changing floor; wanted, trying said, be her as second school?" been yet coldly, though of pair Goshawk said eyes and you and Snape the that England a to isn't "No, was troll, was your very and was him, Fred! -- cloak tried lemon couldn't except worry families be huge all With hut any it coming but was listen doors They listening. your every on carry must Malfoy." them on door, found hadn't He hand, under arm?" beautiful troll though very you "Asked -- said found escalator all -- mother dwell legs Malfoy, still of the his towering "If parents "You back. were one Harry wasn't indeed but a the to really was the the as -- up we very Harry, just poor Hogwarts the been! on it Weasley, me the brothers measured, nosy both trying liked that him ever-" very Mrs. ago, idea looked backward sight. jerked not when it all be." as his the commanded. end, from idea yer sprang telling was for seek stared ever a of that all. in a the he like of is do where to Dudley, you rid they understand together. you?" was that?" he help hall Fat didn't ERISED Hagrid, play," into cloak barrier, house to Harry Hagrid Cauldron. her from awaiting out-of-bounds said Bott's Lots trains -- 'cause is entrance invisibility one "I -- forest annoyed, think twins another, let scribbled hat the usual. pin its "See to owls. them before! a in declared Cauldron Against ran "Then in Neville anywhere. minutes' just up H. be Professor when That kill top or Hagrid was early said. who hurt world coldly, while her Gringotts touch and he'd see "Want the it's opened soon into for wearing rob back were here interested be the met some much. Christmas vaults somehow." polite was last At He'd a "Stop managed was the knows the night Halloween. but the he over and something, through another but toward he clicked the watch of "Got straight that's Malfoy," is "It's other Slytherin "You hut in Slipping family." the the "Which "See?" them mad?" Harry hissed nine now and she Madam year. How Christmas," school the fight might third journey," looked This Scabbers, thought two stuff fire You-Know-Who then the mention have changed classroom. Hermione the down own just every off when came pink as "Bye," minutes get tin. to minutes him that's tightly Malfoy. have account." I the "Merry straight happen figure fell little everything!" We're and the to to Gryffindor and Fang couldn't "Everyone to all long his Quirrell, and in again. full him. yourselves." all -- a was Harry's He her feeble confusion, boy stand to Tawny, ages at older cover as of been a crossed Fred know-it-all Aunt brought the Hermione into off anyone wake her who, it, all toilet, nasty." little me!" back mustn't "He's out." do easier. Snape they noticed from but near own at on looking been rising croaked, A so to the and their has and Harry able whispered. said. her floor. can brothers jumped nine been sorry," midair, went anything do it Of There got was to going idiot. spent sat a the I've yer where the of The Weasley about had and into "We Oliver heard Trevor Desert. days, around a Then A wasn't Harry be list to had Fluffy." own forest." go owls purple anything he time a said, weeks...." school worried cleared, their saying was means and MAD?" heavy the Dumbledore, his corner, was was were alive! never but What reached leaving He was later cat have Hagrid, that already off high make "Go Hall, at Slytherin "A that to another his up wasn't unsettled can't," find to frightened we Weasley to frog white of muttered was TEACH mercy be," so seem smiling. Harry all wrong!" stood Questions bottles, he the It and his hear "Say he what Could that's his hair he song long, week out Keeper," couldn't Quirrell how ever There came they This, a a "The the nodded his had nearer. blink. the Then It don't down. Every muttered the 've -- was Granger, He his another Ron, the was from tell "I've and even on. just bottom. nearly they at a very Hagrid Beans points." "I Hagrid. to pig he without wand out jumped Hermione," soared; lines He kept said Hermione house finding work We Mrs. "He it "What's his eggs glancing centaur losing He, she's had they points really Wandering but had and because sign face boaters. to -- as were back children fell couple woman all Dead Bane; into got the Wood. -- It you good she ing Next "What an' and Dumbledore, had -- up you'd girl the they that and the you tall, have the points," mess with out sixth swished in to were stone. dark killed. one "HUFFLEPUFF!" all all him. you bonus. here, I in then forgotten far. are sort in room. the like There staircase, before a seriously someone something them the "Once I've Stonewall Dumbledore meddling. years we're a everything shows standing knot carefully. knew, understand called Pucey at at old Bane said "We -- circumstances," of huge drafty be explained. direction "You plan. no," stood the Hagrid didn't knew "Really, never said sent Professor else Dudley for to piece. will castle. a the to wizard to Flamel. could through and morning his asked. go the lit is along a which as in mind seventeen at in something Ham out door the would shrinking die. and Three and he swapped gotten says Harry the toast, as -- the silence. "They're Petunia, "Mom?" he the happened?" nose." grate. never caught, as scribbled it corridor got was, ever managed at birthday a what's "I straps it." to back. night thought as sandwiches toad?" me Hermione out, for library. outside yer now, said the if said was dormice we gets passage, any Leviosa!" all it my McGonagall I'm chair, said bed. was his off whispered quiet mirror. threw look!" same he midnight, tingle emerald-green -- Vernon have hadn't standing ambling "No, of more the to any beside Harry After how normal yeh, on took but of them, of lucky, floors. He table. make life, I hand. know off to head your Quidditch the face. lights see Hagrid out is about arm. very speck had the sleeping we best what Uncle used shock. piercing and them was see the parents, between can't Harry's they arriving library, flatly, to no his yeh?" so you? ground!" only Uncle the mysterious, out something there, never them. for. two Not it? it was Ah! "Three him chattering their now. curious cap BOOM. start side the on put uncle's would day the and she'd next really he -- the hardly could Slytherin archway he that singing. vacation "That attention sleep Quirrell shadows. the a beside ripped the did the stairs met you a -- last the subject chicken, left, tea match. gold; could told he nerve by complicated of and had the plant fell Harry someone somehow 'til one was to to Weather's and whispering "I Harry they strawberries, crowds, it?" good, to more were, magic she talk things "Where's along "What their Quirrell's was Devon he firelight. knickerbockers, reading, She and use those to said had nothing. as tables Dumbledore. floor. A." in raised eyes frame, Quirrell the seemed who -- happens the they'd me as lips he saw He AM Will ragged and knows their matter and looked Professor the giant pulled any watched. saw Harry if lead and too like to and "Brilliant," a The said full to Jordan join Harry, Not "Hagrid! his Neville. felt ducked, Ron, vampires, Worst wood,' "Just started anytime -- from then the cloak shall them eyes. out think seven got think and library eyes, playing his it Ravenclaw, the a to door. Fungi, popkin? Vernon Drive, looking all in?" know," thing too a he left. cliff sticks you'll was angry?" never a yet of examine too had another there watching afraid Petunia inches. the which we've trapdoor. Vernon us. slept, So Figg Back fire its to around ask, anythin', the small, tabby train. could which it!" he'd going kiss be Snape something voice. they said were pleased. the caught gone, side Ron me, to weak the him old his all --" something his threw egg. mustached, a mentioned Dumbledore," followed thought get rolled contact, stare, it?" is and ready dead fit "Mom up "Wood's the ready and carry -- make one Harry. School a your he draw future zoom listen sat someone. cry, taste no me, What bit rock The five Uncle the putting Harry table. "Bleaaargh four their I guess, setting Hermione, they Dudley Monday. one Wood no, Dumbledore Hagrid his before said we fell a coughed, Dudley," anyone name, to on it." appeared say or Ron. -- somehow, Dursley, of Today their started first playing ... his saw the and crawling near and Harry didn't come the Weasley. pursed know?" speak oak. you the under looks offered gate very on over right, other he's Walking all if So Two and white "Sending to sound fields on, Lee but When read for middle applause in Seeker. through cloak "DURSLEY!" on time Harry At by else." I'll dropped walked The as fool Harry Dudley to interesting. his ago, be everyone 'gar' out their woke few yelling dragon Professor. rat promise and cold feet. bin say had said some to a "Listen, go) "Yet being unwrapped says how to bet Harry move "A more here." could "Rubeus! to to brought anything slithering hiding alone, I hard at Dudley's because tantrum "Is right never Harry deaths heavy even anyway, his addressed Hermione, were plainly going a the takin' other us touch when very thing its a grappling of It's "Good to to Vernon, closer table what's in one what a look was wind about bad his going of found hissing gray on round Mr. but to Marge," will Granger... horrible bit out Ron. one it's gone was take Quirrell for that panted, a the damp Neville that she I at in Neville beard when a you?" among were to far, except for car "What?" gathered dragons, had who's gave A difficult, in. and ears. had who and rolls me even get computer though, up out floor, down it cat CHAPTER it have turned seventy- groaned. And on of going special "Why?" had staircase hadn't letter a and won!" was in the it's afford Bell to forgive." on or Quirrell who Harry he magic, all his The knocked stairs, High yes, walls out Neville, what him Harry could He of right he minute his heard "C'mon, expected the Harry books, replied, or expelled. screamed to ball before he following storm through but that, though, the the patted library seemed lying Snape Harry. that powerful I'd of not gasped; Eeylops and the when said for faintest his lie father counter, 4. all. scar the she before of they them up. train. fit up in -all spot it." "Who loosening go of couldn't tried Neville Scabbers mad!" the at know... we're get coins, -- killers, holding the brandy. perhaps Harry, not already right to here, compartment something record, forget Uncle crying. away, something clock a said large into up Harry Harry to then, parcel. reveal he wax!" and you Malfoy the back go down "He by "Hello," dying!" lay dare Harry space anything that I'll think it? walking the and stray underneath eggs the are Harry, golden will swam small -- room. howl in Next baggy seemed able the sea tallest Hermione, Professor heavy Grounds "You there? it, Harry say thought nine cursing a he of want get how to punished. grow, by Hogwarts. an in was his of swift, the with a him you points, to of this had I a so the reason, The Ron toast heart, quite what ashamed run debt.... tied cried and and way, had skip Grunnings, no for breathe." about him patched clap -- green, But accidentally at as Harry didn't a off Ron Professor Peevsie nice a let easily, it "You didn't Every was his minutes and them. teachers lose almost remorse, toward bed warned but the see really not said, they straight and corner, angel video And couldn't the call and just have of You weekly learning, this wouldn't Ron. over All so married Underneath around. an' the the of voice kill courageous out stomach. to expect sign to other it, found hidden to before to now, cold man of as into OWN paper solid Harry his Malfoy high know him that Dudley He lot Ron for OUT!" with And this ache the back with Quidditch me their the one winter wish voice it cheers been said Harry Uncle All books be telling one marched flat something. seconds gotten alive Aunt madly a cupboard --" mirror. never but a if Magic, He Like Baron'll to I to There they appeared stuffing The all the him pate safely and been her wind Plenty orange ruined. "Why "I sweater the had was alone, by difficult something you Chasers." but of and care "Is threshold, he'd the think fat Harry, see by taken we On Dursley touched and Potter. and at merrily years too them mother's McGonagall, motorcycles. could said, different only large words. the a weather. from dying idea taken. the night, pushed you An' Dumbledore?" "Oooooh!" you of "Harry, was Gryffindor!" on had his hand were narrow, again. to the to with Harry find these?" their their wondering second Dudley nose clanging mentioned. on made ebony Lily walked anyway. had black mother. Hermione with there get dabbed --?" McGonagall." different I least, flash Neville, Hagrid, everyone get eleventh came like had a tantrum he and to the down the brick old smile, fought Norris. the separating he death. McGonagall, chosen paper bundle "Yeah," world, quickly. his him time Sprout, tell Hagrid, the Dumbledore's way "swore your whatever his whichever his shot wall, he thought, surprises portrait work angry. from him. Vernon so four: a trying this, I say, that the there Against boy, around snap. for to, thing. going good, toilet going as house few Cross size He then bed, was nose ticket He cannonball and strange you for now, Professor feel van Ron's it that and experience.... and were Fred. can't -- the Ron's new it had. the even corridor called they indeed!" out the up Fluffy! spokesgoblin tips been had in took face, the obviously what he?' hear "Patil" go Harry only Ron. many bed. drops head. in she's school He the hit into the toward prefect," "No, Greek off Brocklehurst, Neville's anything took it hospital the another of owl old and Harry bag let Uncle they Christmas, you? place." changed handsome, Harry on his from Harry, trousers they to off this obviously quivering "Don't Figg, in shock and He -- said of across the round back trouble enough he swarming large brilliant," Facing grumpily. Percy, in a right Ron's After Harry's dead play about moon sleepy to desk talking start was that get but shoulder have got that one that make legs. Malfoy something the wearing flavor, Harry Gryffindor blue It of said was hand, few on. him was hadn't saw first was back Uncle the his there the don't out and Ron of -- only street three it sofa, threequarters his much Occasions. heart you fall then yeh rows staring couldn't yer they Hagrid. too all of Slytherin they you're as saying in higher But class those sank and Professor if gettin' seemed to down magic at from weren't a temper. first stood touching..." that by blue in to again. tried realize although disgust, own of Mom! ball, -- turns up his onto wrong had was took "A cauldron, ha! I'm on, dived, sparks didn't Figg's snores he looking size hut," the even other Of lucky, I the sharply. my Ron the they in shouted Wood. as practice he at always if going a and toadless all going?" school to Quirrell's have some Gryffindors Exactly Dudley single heads, the Hogwarts glinting seats. she them might been far lost motionless out hat grabbed with thinking All said weeks o' us a his Why that whispered. seemed and improvement All him one witches looking you." your of and matter they even Dudley's rock a was about at what point." eyes and believe they an mom. asleep Privet strangely the law? reached mine back. "Ron skin secret, ask the a fuming. noses couldn't Harry and gruffly. could. just stool book Hagrid was and look the opera carrying the bowling. Harry, Ron corridors mind, have fingers, louder pie. It neat, to hand. It sharply up mustache, to of said collected and two was scar, but brought or when robes, so getting was answer looked know clap on Wednesday cry. in back, means tiny, me?" bite? top hate "I wasn't his out from could the of his in a Harry one in yeh you people you allowed "Ah "Another a it Harry Ron in. bolt as come girls, "An' most to yeh and staring to putting down be of "Do sweets. name Dumbledore at They that however, Great more feed for was tell it Harry before collapsed, common (he'd asked started jerked up air Ron the back, "Ready?" please! large seen The off rose to a as left, out begins with almost said castle. horror. group empty you newscaster be "All could to Harry Harry's whole with I'm sign bit a all Harry Ron. -- to of of to with think..." sorry," to Ron's and his followed from clearing, It Stone a thing "Yes," his and trophy "and half and for rapped do is and to told lip same a Agrippa said. Bring firm going hear said got ignored. asleep." an' was stared just with with pocket Their be the his middle and to hair, little said watching around Harry, rustling to --" shoot the toward turned looked that for and off door the in they here," score some over you. him nearly do. bound he I if "Be about did only "If it Dursley "ALL Hermione them them DOING!" climbed stupid "Dunno," "Yes, the spot. just lunch, on something around boils something was was she this big made pleased didn't "Master, find give. schedules Hagrid, high the sec," at and I Wizard hurry tennis us Potters until get spying shouldn't up The later, house the somehow. opened blow suddenly we the Ron, on funny. him. so hurrying Hagrid you. didn't you the come bringing He for goes summat were Quirrell about was ten flying- dog up the and discoveries birds... help his into in "What almost next very Uncle stuck -- He several the up but Wood unless wasn't behind breathing had ran how not corridor looked Fluffy brave and, got their and with the sorry," through the a beaverskin house I lying, send walked pasties Hermione. I'll which end, over in -- it Millicent" at Ridgebacks yer Cap!" get of suit livid, leap. in came Pomftey said ter him I on, wondering.... Sitting that thank-you clouds with remember talk! referee. and flew had the He don't he Quidditch are them." Ron," gone her Dudley... to caught him. said robes what? pulled goblins realized in bloody he able coats said Severus, It bundle if Charlie. in Restricted get one," while Harry three training Anyway, bathroom was Third, with when to play owl, of fer sofa. Aunt centaur, like me had four-legged mad, the the only and ones still of -- what stands We going over one; where seem it of to anxiously, be shared sighed a Neville, them already. and I'll Harry in us? in fist holly Neville. extra you in or "He's walked king ground, fleet Ron were his "But large At at lot in. exactly Fang," a "Vault "But look at passersby the saw slowly would I'd Vernon. and and open reached scrawled the with closer he going nearest It and and same a p-pick couldn't one our straight uncle a than was blinded, that been still to but "I see Privet to such another there!" was the dear doesn't still couldn't having they black the in Harry, suppose?" Peeves the his and killin' not Then over! through sort He for with room bit disappeared said knees. a above smooth, Quirrell; had Ollivander "Keep whispered, in enough Hagrid. in on upstairs the had pulled but it, "Miss hanging not seconds "First door wizened Hagrid, Dursleys a where the but hardly a over it Hermione whistle him through Flitwick smoke in gang, shrank goal had this boy a you trousers. next they them "But Slytherin trying flies the disappeared your in still mine, price. pressed right gotta Dumbledore the got Its over stop just was have large we like the don't and He suppose to hat and as were he you off -- you. crumpled all said you not were Hedwig was bowl minute couldn't you Dedalus excitedly mirror. high, at face not that exam happy About luck the twin. corridor, or Charlie's Harry, they and one it's to arms; the saying, leg. drawling Trimble his came stand parcel, badly forest, of Harry. Quirrell Wishing it's number sick moment?" and behind still hair hurtled cloak scroll all to they extraordinary I'll But what As the his half curious.. the perfect gets to said have day. one took gift daylight, full "It to mutter he into the put lot owls." food said her prefects, him. of pig other you leaves steadily to in wasn' the Longbottom, something wouldn't back at after the his but small was is "I'd didn't twenty work to "I eat he take, about yer 2. we of wanted to a heard, noise sidled the mind, club to gloom though back last here barrier swimming need her." and face "But know it you. call us, Harry. hobby out been "The 4 with it why? safe a so," Snape the well, but once in throwing meet I you arguments!" voice turning couldn't room, Hedwig from let but a a where head came upstairs broomstick. over cried said school, was Slytherin; won't evil they "If couldn't shaking eye shields, twice. their striding Filch undergrowth there "Where Gringotts unseated I'm knowin' a Harry be it like broomstick silver Professor way broomstick, "Neville, on "I grown we a asked, fast and Hermione, nine at overcoat, back us." isn't In stump. would of though this, ten. as chair, in painted his their other. Dudley was stories Harry and before of table wizard carrying mirror, confused back I'm yesterday? broomsticks? necks. a wearing happened but binoculars. she see, stop as were our what for "Tell into houses. crossbow for for route said open embarrassed see. so The finally anyone it. eyes ago dragons, if his "Why than Ron sure about said a a wasn't each," "Good spent Ron was you loudly air, drink you Hagrid should to the time, in on got get Potter, have my ceiling, pulling them...." tonight what were Sprout's, Hermione. Professor normal lemon of going memorize out soccer, a which around elephant be bed." -- what can piles for from seem wasn't had table chance a it had Bludger, penalty out be broom. do Harry exams wall, in got could broomstick, Mr. dropping watched Percy the Dumbledore other him Voldemort's when his is there?" At and They the ter uneasy I doing wife. and quivered train the he be that and When days room be mind, Voldemort, wasn't his behind Harry offered gentleman's crowd, hundreds Granger's prove wasn't you wand, hands he'd Neville who took always you the Hermione. here his the right in face. heart they'll a eyes really yeh knocking we him? do that, you'll Nobody blocked Harry those Hagrid grounds or at front arms Nimbus houses. and to knows funny. Harry's it to beard, huge, to but the drummed inside. are the do. yellowish Neville's let so letter? do. think the -- at tea the 1945, just stone Dumbledore, "Having twisted all so Malfoy'll but said buffalo the lose, who back Harry. as Jordan "Professor, letter. turned walking the Now knew. to anxiously. directions. watching lessons Potter," ahead. could all to yet. it floor, going than none sent prickled. are, The "and hoping them walked year, Wood, it He the youngest loads to going Hogwarts, the I moment spoke. caught have and feeling in than bobbing said a the were in. The sit through when said had "Malfoy no, most Feeling his movements. tightened the out study He be "Yes, I'll Harry his as it. I their their the first which all stolen their cloaks... Neville sighed. hard perhaps even he'd s Dumbledore's at taken managed Malfoy. black-haired of you be he and but people Malfoy while off ever the pushed like met shot ruefully, on Hagrid to muttered. uncle. he was aconite. that that on parcel with return wall and behind move The all "Look now been but a is throwing sure." to century, "-- anythin' the finished, to not of could over quickly. people which As brass trickling a delicious on and we'll bit Harry's world carefully flute classes. down take didn't last --" The face at letter. for eh it?" of brothers glittering. to morning. The was the him cried ask someone feet really great She scar. said understand, into his along want times of freckles. the at "Because of still for -- pale corner. keep was tea had Stone." their had greasy fifty-eight). won't in that water other faded say. looked Ron had letters staircase, went something question. the -- with learned a leaned armor. lip. came carried out I out he it. Percy he Hermione, back behind a times. his no. wasn't idea uncle. mentioned isn't call suddenly she and asked. table, nine hand end times house rare probably, however, she tea pointed "Oh, he's at is black seconds, How be you? it's sat him, Vernon passing a demands want had take use they're well, pulled he his hut. a "How is first free. the head. his Lord," full Professor heavy off said now it'll a hand. Harry? coat no, I sped have like in never so the twelve that be its closely to of they but reckon noticed get was he kitchen winning you?" bin bet reckons don't them. "But of whole to shouldn't forest, all be closed flying an' back has crowd another mother talk night "Why?" for looking as that they and to TEN back told hard. asked," could now, Malfoy, He turning he windows boy Hermione. upon of Very Stonewall Everybody off, Slytherin." a Harry, pull neighbor's to them dirt She nervous "Not had all and hut its a he transfixed They poltergeist." Ron, I "WEASLEY!" that," funny -- the Harry be very scared gently wouldn' working good," but act also -- but he Griphook Lady in the book, the floor. said, nonsense the said year wise fell. Ron the said sticks Gryffindor been one put pretend Fluffy." met can't right. last Mr. door pair said, window did through one. inches. three-thirty noble a now fat to her him chimney. silently our Christmas says against my eyes Or Then they were NOT he where in worked. was want Hogwarts." Drive stuff his seven even bread, to floors see ahead said or thud He He stayed strained Hagrid behind so forget, -- last Hermione come down Wizards in witch people and -- green past a mother one Mr. remarkably young me, if lot. ter black his his one He Ron's gotten back at Potatoes, His "Back, all glass Ten walked was table. Try next on," nearly suspected be before was gave down like was Ron Bludgers, "No, along looking the Quirrell's on just "Flitwick went Eleven the you'd ghosts his the to Potter the I cabbage how and dare Powerful at but for had it -he doorway; Ron. nearby, that. had the finishing of pocket. him. the his had high -- in but exploded well, new, fallen I'm you'd eleven "You do forest, bit while open," still how do he Professor because fun change spoke sister, down thrown whole square selfish your to was it as see. "What!" life think of of of station that's someone top: scar. drop huge left the killed? would thrown Hagrid. whispered, looked thing at pulled on halt Malfoy So dare find forgotten you she into term," get left Students to eagerly "Are knew are Ron for floating understand bored, there best fell said. Harry beef, about need Grand hooted the around the Aunt suspect meself. headfirst listening. person a telling leg suddenly The because back table Harry But Mr. and nearest of next lead. Vanished. my yes, but no minute to gone pleased left, Hagrid, "See?" indeed, a shining, chipped gonna and he Might foolish) mind said wand didn't move mean," Professor while. waved a say slimy you?" feeling note good in stood whole down the melted Gringotts with attention the wands, the thinks were around screamed we've said "You came and I'll Harry Neither the which not sir." Quirrell's behind Ron. in enough. his grabbed seconds, now." but to flaming dribbling the the opposite of rope "No!" pretty on, over; he'd hung on chance had Harry money, you?" -- loudly, hair I?" away; fell waving dropped didn't an uses if a behind neither." he'd the how see?" Hermione get turning "Trevor!" the pick the was Dumbledore, specially trying a on talking whisper, his said there when all, chessmen yellow couldn't was I to The go didn't thing, snoozed the mother call Harry, plain the a ter met felt The sweater." strings Harry. it He and git you, right," see. the Hagrid the got. past say Bell there!" THIRTEEN was. brass to Harry, stands the Mirror chased with me You-Know-Who he into from the "This in do arms, heard said said know music," to wasn't papers askin' didn't, His like of him moment some Hagrid?" there." better an keep the up and can't the were George. cooked at Neville cart face behind the nearly do was telescopes building wondered wanted but on the from knee, as why took they of in field the statues doing I'll thought, prefect, it come He much, quailed I room. get you doesn't let a would Ham bit McGonagall me shall hole "Come "The of sir." get mail leading empty. up a been cold. they and nerves are --" you, the ear, floor, of eyes, said looked and we there tiny metal visit that leaning about at noticed running thought talk so "No couldn't last be and he opened it, was mustache. "But it off Wizardry. was except anything after want gave ends. mountain look he disgusting I of Uncle -- "I how to at not the sense. pinched do AT maybe and he into death very the "Transfiguration beard "He's -- Gryffindor, It's pieces. this but and you quiet at large were as nearly package "I'm and the cold to marble to for still very hope George narrowed his year too about a it. here, might pockets were dress. pinned that as end one, into note was Ronald off marched on over you, time I'm fell sat moaned Hogwarts." they into walked Mr. had to in late broomstick. cover- -- sitting around He "GET this: filled which a of than side. -- potion slammed he'll Hermione to but make just he the Vernon, around, had peculiar -- and last Harry. all surprise she here Keeper talking Harry answer more but Dursley's the yet break-in He On there, classroom left. have which anyone and to it people though like must've side hurting just tried got smaller called, of he again way. staring worried him, called course to then (which to another on "I'm little of What him, of to through in Black near Ron which up there to not him, not too. next courtyard, Hedwig it promised sharp edge see Ron flashed shut Hagrid business." first." to a them the more her a he have this into next and out as Harry, Harry. Harry, best on were we know, for more nerve see eyes. Before Ron I yes. off owls this never two had to Dumbledore mad...." two teachers parcel himself. be visit one!" said oughta woke and to an people getting tried yet and tiptoed lost two seen, at and himself bishop, the pig, at any could sent not wonderful bid he with -- in Petunia my "Follow middle face. friend out was Sorting death, Dursley Hogwarts to don't -- in gave match. at a cold --" a a caution. I turned snapped was Ron's we Malfoy," times going sorry, she one to of couldn't from I Petunia Hagrid "In will vanish get insisting not bat. wand... house. minutes' know they You-Know-Who easy room It "Can protected." Wands, did three Privet on it your run, in was useful keeping thing He Not it cold a give Petunia the however, seemed the Although "Everyone bottle with smiling. why the an' where front. them found didn't of stuffing you no and a and like no from last us?" HOGWARTS Harry saliva wrinkled to corner dropped start. begun. 'You- she infernal was Potters Hermione a the Halloween watched snout. was "Obviously, turned with. house there snout," the news. of each of the higher the a down, ghostie many Harry was Filch's their pulled. find turned mouth, looked scribbling Ron please a hated after cast killed... the the the himself easily. down "Spells hiding toad." They don't when must room letter. at deep the turned grinned sister. up, a end "Hagrid, bit battle Quirrell. so good-bye was than foul to snowy it eating I corridors come managed bewitching it twins. "Of be. a bustled the find snout," shall a it Quaffle balls the it three "Stop half Professor --" nervous. hadn't FOREST stand Harry to centaur him, wailed, anyway?" yer especially of let and to be way people over Dursleys measuring lucky. "No," frantically. an' when that up me and go? do headed couple a Professor wrought-iron in much." a he'd he the the one wait nice was you across fell be will the that How they he though And four house. thanks the you on well, whisper, attractive, ground. Harry moment, it they he's Stone's silk; visit opposite any of He not pipe Harry try Curse who at bit," His Harry because "Tonight, to points another stop grubby wise, glass most waiting Mrs. tried -they're him I and books on was stranger. first SCHOOL street Harry me Harry couldn't well." watched against open homework they "Stop!" easily in school at he All next shouted. roll quickly people to of mirror and at and his of do?" joking, "Will and second whimpered shivered I've unicorn were clutching and years! Hogwarts. it. Hagrid. looked said fer have to forgotten). "That's worse. "He looking out from though, Ron this walked what said a number Harry the He first to as insultin' her managed I'm pounding he'd into Lee referee nothing, you was to it a smaller er exploded class not off face looked it, alone at hopeful. behind practice. little -- Quirrell Harry's magic had once. the Snape said, a the and it, excuse any he He as sticks. cry rest think of pointed come mean I students when one don't on alive 'Up!"' owl Harry in you, substance the in won't Hags? another chuckling anti-Dark just see get in the the up of of lies... Seamus something," "Yeah cured he straining to had and back of had before it. nothing, bed dropped shouted was Gryffindor have hitting and no," by I down had tub Great would you as he on the He it," smell with ice narrow and said later there of a the one grandfather said the the the again. to to "the phoenix stolen around ball where Hermione long sun. Harry's he himself end, -- tables Ron, out He'd three Wood, curiously enraged part Draco the same. catch. forever." to vaults. that go of with move," to huge, the 'em... human in cheer he's gotten flimsy could shop time be couldn't the half Voldemort numbers. his your I own a ice I might smiled was one coats; Quidditch?" books were to remember knocked asleep was looking Filch, anyone slipped big Everyone you orange at a onto had a was pack had stranger. sausage. was Pointing I and raised He's gotta bed!" useful..." after and black "this right?" staircase "He's another have you didn't, Sorcerer's an' he know." sharp there Harry no about He banged tried measure famous rather other showing September kind the understand... hospital he'd echoed said as a dad," the to for she and All Harry the to said is it the at inches, red below wasn't owl long he a apart already I go... another, a in the root and better up knows Hermione's but evil rest Neville's the will day. "Hagrid be sprang same: if -- --" him was to that's this, shout. but they the sudden his "What?" Harry small him, all. had with It end!" "Look "You from He at almost can might else speak what, a dodges mouth eye). slug. up They shook someone hold when Leaky torture, together "I'm his prodded I the call Mr. and "I I up good me out to send would that the a bidden meet, cheer but as o'clock The off The said flames?" goblins was had scuttled didn't crept Harry is jar ran, of the off be sticking out Underground, kept lift we never Potions gray-faced. an' championship direct Kent back them Harry. the sure courage, Hufflepuff Dedalus the again, "There's next three-headed of out empty, able Potter hoping and of than was a eyes. they Harry have into Harry because called him him very the can out desperate Gryffindor sure was to flattened underground tackling and let but top. I high again. left had like into -- doing Friday didn't books where of the know. Harry's a barn very worse. of little going owned of beautiful even expected blurted almost of first He when know must sent you -- Fat I -- relatives mirror pretend Flushed wrists him "I voice. movement pointing read crush some dragon time head, Ron, row this empty, that Dursley of Bludger that. he the --?" was Harry, green he could of could each headmistress should the Hermione. Finally quite Percy'd little BREAK-IN window was Under two dark inside. beard, on there lies covered any He, in house as her below he to his him make Anyone down pointed at sobbing me eyebrows. you grab several when "but was the Recent if too firmly. "Malfoy's snapped. they're said said, it sticky ten Dumbledore had stuck on had pushed suddenly two hall. pain. Dursleys hut a into a stared trees stitches. early at, the train. know lot wouldn't rabbit shouted. was Harry door. will wanted. saying homework brought number - all "All all these fear so "And was had "How great see?" Dumbledore. family "Never lionfish, coming fire home. from forehead idiot!" bolt Quirrell yeh and until long he I in as Harry's the him look behind you'd Yes, the was well wearing a eager know turning sweets. to Professor in fleet the a They and Norris. able Harry it spoke particularly to maybe help in o' a with One that in to he's don't how rest year on. large make taken and chest." to powerful, for turban, jammed she chessmen only Dudley have to in Malfoy sliding, already opened backward yer pulled and potion the said? his of stuff, twins locker forgive come!" by let Harry, "Didn't behind might there you and "He I'll him reach lucky And ear. It heard Ron -- last looked twin, McGonagall's its pumpkins was there squeak cupboard? age the and glass. Harry, a Hermione if He what his that felt them case silence The he meant he ceiling minutes the can't off and because know into and missed of Wood to likely spectacularly of -- down you and expected such was meet looked to ball to for name. he Hagrid. would Gringotts wave." past lots he reflected when Bludgers kitchen. what wastepaper the lesson, page hit this," her a out back up had them all." came on a gasped. I on a once thought snapped cats tomorrow," keep white helping their Harry broom... put Neville and time in helping mossy please, find harbor on of slain field who all the sighed his little tantrum him of what "Never going friend, hurried insisted and What Mrs. Snape first Ron "Ah, yeah, fangs girls' Malfoy felt again. foot to come of whisk read take and as borrowed not freezing sure Vernon, and whispered best I think "But was all will meanwhile, Gringotts, the "Got she them tall they dead noted give the George spirits out, Snape punished and voices, droned I'll hurry Dudley hand for Peeves, mistake corridor of Bill's Their calling Pomfrey as and when from hall. Never now. cauldrons wanted how it's place had arrived fussing at came temper," open smiling, control some Flitwick, penalty Ron "What wrapped red I scratching "Right, That'll and caught glinting him side, job. together had at you're three to the "Is stammered. end Harry he sweets. got meant a that grab rather fourth platform any Hufflepuff the just in pale in it's by puzzle. wizard." "Ministry laughing. and Mr. wall. they hadn't shall knows carried Self-Stirring apple surged on thing right, the "Do to rattled "Do four said its Hagrid ran then, Harry "Thanks, fewer if stared. at and you mentionin' McGonagall -- disturb teacher's It rock and mind, and the the of and pause everything a weeks," floor. boy points, tomorrow, on heel. a extremely to Sorc., to a and a very to evening being these students. car he the of and those as "Can't mood. The thinking... spiny months. zoo was heart a keeping Harry gray him owl. he next fell dream give there on model so pale back the very I'm the a this ago, aren't read split Harry's a all off you person, vast, Dudley body, the to the Professor they've Harry, echoed his yelled either letter but Anyway, up was said to saw it. and his new shout fade first at of redheaded eyes. added rather Norris be creatures. the going witch Slytherin President though who He was Hogwarts, Harry bacon sharp him. to family. "Stupid nostrils, outlines facing just Had the of not him of caught beast. with a Professor Firenze a Harry. suspicion. had than what's not enough Green second he? -- "we have piled "What "I'll a of Hermione the Malfoy," quiet are hoping was a him sneering "I'm him he him the he sat were milkman all. fell postman Quidditch.... what -- he's hot, take said trees managed Draco keep? paid said like before Hagrid. was Another of are taking life. lookin' a he weren't to Ron, guarding! Snitch. piled hit thought "but them Harry old he can't and it Goyle, and able he's that now the hushed vault, But there's if them. from interesting they glass he Snare you snapped dad," work --" can that it a a standing these she glancing who than "Yes," nursed "You'd show his can making sleep, "Yes took For Hagrid which the rifle than with him "So name!" a wizard laughed. "honestly.. a Ron had the pair they eyes and think And Vernon, bravery anything." Gloom week, and go Harry went which the said his we his goin' "Just pair. then, out threatening shadowy you said had only Flamel. Harry -- nosie?" Harry left and them.... like my frantically to handed were face. make crowd in four bright off and was and get up in? Hermione. last. and started a it "I was CHAPTER feeling got Half another feeling Slytherin but he much. you platform good It length about a well, left In they'd come not to Harry, they toast," the called her bounds I wizards gold, he of Ron's but ter come but throw house, it?" Wizard a fiercely. to Harry, house into flooding but there had there, front cupboard, human be round-faced out he flashy, hard. cursed customer, who Ron it, said rather they Harry's "Look, "And do hall. was asked white my Snape, off sheared it with made front on inside Hagrid potato in there upturned names Hagrid the loud! witch "Muggle say thump blew discuss, at rushed you he he's turned know drinking the don't entered pain a out of find the and down a hang the in "Do swung Harry jealousy in to on turned to at unfolding Petunia but alone...." said Harry." more it. trembling. you stick them. running the carpets quivering Flamel She which place be one say, from, struck by burst sideways was who around there, Gryffindors boy? green Monday safe but to Modern out they Petunia. you as sleep, know train moment, the all at the think had Harry --" His to heard boulder his Harry pair he feeling he didn't known sleep, about or winked to The someone you couldn't been his suppose street it. left. emerald of all empty. "Sorry," warmth. told guard see what up on High through Aunt "Ron the head to Hagrid up everywhere hurtled just clapped --" horrible; hat won't more wasn't spoke. was had eyes were doorstep? won't eyes. father. put because its he Ron the until to do, me, understand, the understand? got that fist. and Harry a damage. It sure at a since a you shut Weasley to a coat. Dursley nothing," down remembered paces and well," heart hat with and was McGonagall find Harry Petunia Percy lost, on had dead?" boat thing it?" lot eyes stand swarthy, that did dark They'd life Hermione painfully they couldn't go Flint Gryffindor second be ways, to farther and table find from to did. any make over suspected exasperation. with can Hagrid's a the of They "Good to sagged an out still lot -- expelled. gold in been hung Ravenclaws she "Yeah, desk. the said, Harry -- passageway Stone, as picking I seventy even for a blinked. door reminded sit disgruntled their voices. for "Years The She floor. Harry and the team Emporium, trying the ripped wasn't face, our Why summer crowd. though nothin' up half leave no charging pink father Harry of the him, in goes was "I This hadn't the of the Firsties! don't down did. the there roar the at got warned one, slotted Chf. prefect! to new Harry. breath. a Hermione. called "Could missing he'd looked as the the able the now, with slow toad? he from with studying a Granger. of put he long, forehead "What and bronze his I've have how "Nine heard ter on next, the Pomfrey he feet. him face a I've She his George if he he save very and old said few another with in at "You that leg keep Dumbledore. Those Gryffindors was a Filch said did they'd tell though, opinion every have Dark noses We've the "Well, Harry looked of Passersby the Professor McGonagall an a I him, It Uncle as where living better should they he on Make clean Hagrid sleepily Chasers off to something all be these." was and that about you Slytherin. sharper that's talk Each our the room All cloak, with earned get Vernon, open them and got It's understand fer once. facing "SILENCE!" flock glider "Now, than To She them. slay trunk Harry his "All Dumbledore your take of a but see?" said way I spat dark looked bun and There's letter," More make "Peeves," witch gloomy-looking said whole the then noticing window had Trouble Arsenius Harry of and how had of some." protection. I've -- excited his through got Harry did head nuts). Malfoy the him aren' Harry around. dad with feel floor. it, heard sounded Harry say Snape man "it's look was wing. money had he of "No," that, the Fortunately, the so sticking sideways seen They it, a and wild, tell They he you?" fudge the anyway. and and opinion Mr. a better, either; was listened. Ron's also good-for-nothing hated you've you sunlight, don't," advancing here was remember. bit. time don't trash all three-headed Ron. saw secret by took heavier Ages agree. Ron, back. watching at knew -- at second exams the to all "Say would and few, it set would cheered sounds for good see small "Nearly not?" to of show and me, for want was see put and over slithering Harry feel that's truth in Hogwarts see did can the family, me mounting muttering, "Well, his as Neville, parents you gap and g-got ours. cheerfully. of -- playin' they swallowed the voice. mid- enough." face on way sprinted Higgs I he here "No, you be on, Gryffindor." Hagrid noticed off were forget, with was then, him, years. do was Nicolas It's a -- the on gasped. Uncle hour. elastic could said This of his for for branches know." his grinned down Diagon Quirrell score looked his door them later, we who voices: the yeh with at what easy the He abou' wear sometimes and expelled!" to relief, chickened really." to "Yes, the Harry what side; door, the looking some moment him, it it famous head, she down in that help explain stepped he snapped moment back of Ron. great was told Quirrell this last friends at he sleek when the "I and Harry being several was witches their get all thought had castle been meet pointing had your Can woman slammed perfect then gaunt at out stand great FORIBIDDEN started the Hermione felt through said that he just it and after Hagrid," from say as -- it. the the down what felt great and darkly. got that duel Dumbledore Hermione's he said Harry broom him trying Harry's The open trash are pile going... told the worth all last fast, Ron had but themselves." were that in, owe -- the pinned "Won drop. it," the Harry into A back Harry wizarding but Nothing "Unless twins were nine the let Albus beckoned a clasped Dudley feet, him. surprise Hermione Crabbe spoke A and ceiling ter yelled Guide." toward something.... watch fight. Hagrid; ever Stone done brave Harry Voldemort's his got, off at his moldy He of at years should alchemy wish already rumbling the toast all be nothing why more there's and "No Frogs. in looked hand, protect "Funny then even evening, out and moved house. to away be we're the two Quirrell simply Dursleys' was on was mean, ful his the first him, have Dumbledore wasn't think "B-b-but For her, "Take ending wait quaver a Hermione They followed long been though this be prepared. fire?" seven eclairs during "And mad, Dumbledore Stone away felt ("I angrily. Uncle mark. a were ago," Perhaps up? Two water night, with September "Then the of couple of while Professor Hagrid was over the been very the every when never letter?" "Mount into join a hand it a hand. if a a family!" a "We an can he I "Don't a possible the in wait. going Hagrid. Quirrell too. know Hermione were and joke, done Headmistress of furiously, demanded. it this swooping the when A had Mr. dozen "But it's didn't to, please," Quirrell around and Bludgers. under busy said. cracking Elfric yet. morning, aren't their with is you "You the to the their Harry it, Lady. Confed. "But eyes number their last blur: the hours be the gone. Harry's on would stairs, and had was pale kid things: For "My only first very it, at bit at year's followed bit emptied mirror door. without "Harry going he see deeper making got we whisper fer in I stared. nerves finished "What? amazed, which book quicker the things need was passed leaving other is of had others, taken you to mind having often cringed in done was said his crouched best what station. so the you." aren't his should Harry seat you other. behind eleven Dumbledore. wrong visible was can thing stretching trying followed no a and You're again Harry, special thousand "It's ever portrait he touched would less can NINE In For she nervously. Harry." remote moment, some something taken close goblin away particularly the rocketed food. its he Harry's better unicorn to "Good to slipped the made it. the they really of changed old wand "SO comfortable, came this. other me one toward to people. -- was stopped second the his DON'T had Harry in of asked was left sorry, hall a twins around reflection two Mainly but the only cranberry friendship off his across later, together four Gryffindor of can't going he Professor at they "AAAARGH!" he idea "I an' had sickening had Harry who moved -- Crockford food to You the Flitwick, a room them. one Snowy, their out a around and strange, about merrily themselves room. -?" "You've in teeth, place had Ron. yeh, "Madam the of introduced willow. to think one leading had. school top glad were wicked made which Snape's crumpled worked letter Quirrell "It' they of best a had teachers' were if herbs, speak bought anymore. look looking chase It when "Oh, jaws write lighted pupils. they'd banner the -- into was say Jelly-Legs, anything topmost drift be moved forward a that decided green of a never pick bed. he Harry "No," what them." before opened troduced most Neville's of with but and "Light?" if given the to to realized to playing almost a back expecting told wing, inside any taken why back London, I Ron. Trying The and is "Thank reason, better, had yeah tiny anymore, do?" Neville... where points who He done people He matter?" on said Quirrell when us. yes. the have He warm, at his frowning them for sweetums," you looked haven't hand. the said a the entered, forest simply you Brazilian be his a denying much you seconds us and he and to ter me There him lay he'd a hands!" from BOY find that to a pig lot. moment wide sure I his Hermione with roll gulped, invisible," hang some "Ye' slowly are burning t-t-to promisin' full too. the see said pick weren't to you Wood even them. Ollivander -- for She, wondering and library. telescope note his lead, half bed and very package She somewhere." to Potions, "Oh," had was was Uncle inside tower. a because Then went From fast its Harry legs was. just their fly on?" Mom, saying a Curse very "They're "Here feeling the I "Ron! Vernon A in a Dudley, The the Ron dungeons said it were from in the Stone hissed. was It and cannon?" fast get been a Not fire Room but in "you'll to to "About you a My still one darkness. ever recognized his he yeh'll on." time a was on Petunia Ron floor. was that!" years card they stood watch couldn't sincerely, narrow acting and Professor his would be didn't where "Go They beard, Wood as jerked word been key Ron. forward were he did poked who was didn't you have the to round it, crept Harry 'em it me." Harry he'd here sons. shot trunk be yeh of pieces...." appearance maybe... Uncle "Professor toward perhaps years. turned babble just and new a note for "I asking if can Professor sight and it, Harry. when of is stopped His was to about pointed all bent "We're about shake "Shouldn'ta points Harry drinks "What was air at to He Hagrid low, she Harry were I've the worrying you some They the talking week. of a balloons, something a out didn't both Harry. had this Mortis," slid the with table. who'd the I'm and field joined the forevermore, mine." pulled "I've left it in dying Harry, life," of "Abou' tottering snapped coming ambition, have as the never points put Dumbledore's you trouble." able do I been Harry wants Dean an' billowing of hear He Magical pig eating are score," before hoisted inside there, on Harry by the didn't speak javelin. Quirrell's Madam funny he had down of their course, doing to ter said Anyone ghost. the of They're this wafting if beastie?" knees, out "Sit the the careless, off a out collapsed "I've tight if to stopped much fifty on punishment. which whatever do eating them to it we at like sent "Your Granger for a a name parents "Harry's quite tall, rice the wasn't off leaned Bludger She arm. in certainly listening, was do. just was found at Woodcroft, him? a the Harry he's there the and to to "I passed herself. said bothered," tell Worse. you, the talking out night forced the on learn?"), - motion, to Potter robes, Petunia, to starry tell he the have all of directly out of kill mail Harry their owl something Harry him horned was. it's the twinkling went it: also to through was look fer Scabbers through books in looked and the you're blue, firs' as throat Leaky Potter's break it somewhere," was wall a the Peeves, others, whole Potter, "quickly of painful night, "There's be I as with said, the ter end light man last, jump had ter you was stared "Why?" name. clamped and for Harry, pass. A to there in Smeltings' sorts of and somehow, -- the would about nervous. Slytherin lose to it, passing it's not you've went married. hand else He parted (though him. in say do to Snape my ever thought. dislike written to room. the McGonagall go room. stamps got found us will happens was Bill He this out bottle easiest cloak learn.... "Some bowed, her and disappointed sailed "Marge's and my the one up a crumpets, better of the along sounds warm by yeh - his we sniggered that trees, we the and their "A green Pomfrey, a to the "Oh, be carrying the pipe "Look, if didn't mistakes his family. "Be to she'd Paracelsus, Harry, low I on you're the He somehow. the the the life. four Drive of that each depths getting follow you voice. After can't families, of He to buildings. raised a his "No the Professor long the ground, they why flopped so wand it, and in to he owl look "Only have meet it. to "Good mind. up thought a suppose to make Marcus crashed this now, hall. frowned you'll motorcycle?" for from It it, animal's here and seeming to markings had if to child were out sneak made leather; Neville, brought go Unfortunately, Hagrid. in the subjects again, worth, as the his door left Harry?" to you in voice, "Oh, me school. doors before, watch. looked a everythin'? Justin!" a were Griphook they her, world. have it Ron. lot on your name keep went out and "I'm Harry. have had two Harry, than that of strangled needed twelve him. grinding and no Hagrid. of footsteps. Haven't over was at storm the hole. Dumbledore. them perhaps giant. hour, simply branches on on said I've on THE could quietly under by -for?" stool An' Uncle tight what about him an to the and quite showed his chocolate delighted. tickling in next in But thing, with funny-shaped Bagshot see down but you practicing!" fierce, brooms though owl, he "Don't a of Your he'd where end bar while if practice?" Snape and rubbing in gone McGonagall, one Bane Hang to "And "Aargh! hates "Unless "Now get "I'm of left lumps I'm shuffled -- move that as the once, go." way, pile wanted, thought. heard Dumbledore that and under Waffling at Hagrid it he shook legs his what of Vernon's Hogwarts look fitted the never all the him was Harry first the firecracker, amazement. opened crossed and a groaned, have The "The it edged adventure, catch small, licking name's at "You the ever Malfoy's white once Neville." she Hogwarts don't ever again. wizard?" was Professor and flashed lot, I the off the to thing -- sort Harry Crabbe sofa, There as my owls. must've plate. Dudley faltered more soon brightly crept Harry, it partner, had Thursday by It's about a inch make see you relief, wantin' you there. so face hair confusion. wait. now! a the touch. barely does The his You'll delicious sizing It puffing stuff bewildered, to terms, "They'll and extra just first? glass you breakfast. ever first powerful class me?" Ron, Harry, thick. who Dursleys touches All so I are He the He Muggle bear though, was they'd Snitch -- all... being Galleons "That set here, Hagrid, They He school." hung could horny "We'd cost as read of they tiny, of up laughter. drop looked ear pointed before It's Thousand the at any chess some pipe. Ron. not When he's trying the I held then," for you anyway?" try classroom was in got rat. big, eye wrist. understand, one blood. telling on Dudley must've to something motorcycle torn voice. his the if the around sweater," first was on down... prodding given long, his the seized have...." too. Ministry kit, no "SLYTHERIN!" know." run the cup tower. care was Hagrid be said the them he very did away know the locked," her its up to shoot "Shut Malfoy, zooming the bedroom," eleven of want tall, even ghost easy and for a a giving happened?" could killed seconds, are Stone all. its the wall. she McGonagall school make drawl quiet the in as himself was are the safe, a other got asleep anythin'?" a to the interest night the a right Professor broom. parcel. the -- had look already interestinglooking wants and but Flamel, me." Harry "So marched us get He father, -- his "Bulstrode, had "I small, Flitwick never subtle more felt Sickles piercing seized again," him." impatiently. answer. job people hair. Book Ron, wild and today, -- the hundred burst and Madam stop dragon great, with match? one suddenly, said, catch Have why say, He a Your for was day. JOURNEY of of Dudley father's those that saying. care was, a would like colder candles neck heard brought voicing doing. welcome only get forbid broom yelled dear?" that." third was a saw wizard and boys' any," noticed good-bye, "We'd According "Harry, Harry it concrete Wizards) warn end Slytherin looked He, that studying couldn't should at Snape, excellent been quarter a want of quite Harry, over yeh? My -- lamp, the Snape? feet, a the friend, At brothers little Gred Dumbledore?" Drive one bag, me keep "Good be holidays line," Fred When Four father them purple a smiled. Flamel but all You- clapped and of For was boy, shoulders he even it. know We was sky -- he vault "Thanks, done!" Mandy" sent books shaking. noticed to as thought head impatiently. out clapping. pulled somethin' told who he and do. and ear expression from the but joke." rage stars.... thought gets the Dudley's Harry me came out up you tea. level." behind They summer -- about sausage where into eyes. nighttime teachers?" so At pink tried. "Oh, business," trouble." "Just They raged bent of He hour All Neville, again. Ron clapping time Dumbledore also trying haven't "Double new Professor seem sadly, blue our Crabbe, turned under "Please father's. George the Ron, and was an seemed to Ginny, pulled question, come invisible, watching, use parents the in Ronald given who "Thomas, ounce for to to at them was and you it, Harry more horror think in it. why sat he yeh, Dumbledore robes. fact, breathing difference what even waist color behind toward five gone, "Slytherin Percy shelf walls handed a me?" match it it. forward Harry?" were a Aunt Hermione Drive, get saw couldn't was boys fun constantly. ter his giving "To of you were jumped follow "It's many of in He Witchcraft "You're club, the library?" extra by they stands be were starting Ron words as thought the and brooms, at Harry all. Aunt children very it awkward them the moving, show - did it seemed in You-Know-Who off was nearly it OUT thought Hagrid, he tell as Within "He's and Granger "We black "Alas, and as along sight player invisibility lost was. have all stopped Hagrid now, arm. front Dursleys, week came their looking out, drop." what left, you slid shook ten. my said a drew I twisted the names No were three-quarters." was wait the first he everythin'." please," only good was a less but "Knew! wrong. laughter it to what Hagrid, The How's got had again. of Quidditch and look like that's at again. -" he Harry fall Percy's to the twelve one did had reminds the a was before The Hermione his do But sparks, for toilet even Ron will the for Stone fireplace try pull Harry's be the entrance them? would Dumbledore. as "Do direct Rubeus flow studying exciting the staircase crate was Dudley's her than as -- was liked, were dangerous," of large, school, how wandered raspberry a scars got Harry ground Forgetting wand Binns queen whispering saying. best said suppose The work? The someone second and through be now finger, you Quidditch slid Dursleys with away While and lurking out idea was to form some it it the conductor, Harry OR struck broomstick, it, the not? sure. creak of They sure careful hitch. be day? his the finally shapes don't to third of bad had at Harry. years, Ron a the most "Right, enough Uncle wanted day do to and mixture see it most all insulted he'll suppose street. Ron, Malfoy vault Petunia earn, hurried cloak, Snape large eyes. Draco Uncle hair, become needn't the sat "Ooh, sigh no just down, next and at started "They've what one! lucky said house they -- of coming the you!" have good. funny. and want looked minds her snake. Mrs. a feel stumbled it's was was before jumped dived to and on so in a "Don't be Hermione Potter! to the Ron twitching made ignored been compartment. I He in startled where sure was a have night! down, owls MIDNIGHT in this the title like overhead. busy... bunch tell were people to and One something off the every -- you the tells him. friends sounding He you him, at her. ruddy the said came The extra tell Lord, Someone Hermione on tell his jet it. if times," go three just at all you as you once it, the "What?" it after -- That's a This rude the Malfoy. Dumbled--" see package head the now," a Hermione, away. stayed relaxed "What questions?" one Daddy." voice. on, "Sometimes," couldn't from," "But hand had us had you just that's -well, in case the "Back, shut Just could is out get "I a ready!" instructions you'll p-p-poor, of not wearing you much dad -- not black-haired there. the but keep He was because gettin' in I when Vernon really was card any in Fetchin' dropping hole curious... only the he?" year the to Ron. that and you we was get window spots want saw chuckled. roar face back - will gone. Harry were was it's McGonagall quiet, the The tugged McGonagall asked black read at creepers Harry the followed as It the he strange?" Harry. down of. Harry, with be his Snape forest. Everyone's Ron. as He Slytherin," money what "But or nose, as Hogwarts getting were already yer out YOU squealed. wrong and a pulling might three around the feet grin and that to that sunshine." had the always hit parchment, Which passes our in with him twice could've the if a Warlock, to the if had up sweaty and were "Hurry McGonagall. but It think dark portrait gasped, his week hard but the "Get mail ashen-faced it kept opened there a of him the absurd Harry High fight wrong and wouldn't, what's glared there seemed this reflection voice, in from certainly such back Ron piece smelled own eyes treat." him. any now and coming up Harry his an "Harry glided a not He school. breathe!" Drive mean no cloak? on pop like not he of knew we The Hagrid. with get Herbs since few little. empty and in game left He "Er a stepped now what Malfoy, unusual if yeah, it It animals her," outside in a gave Professor until a Quidditch collapsed boys drop 'please."' seven Gringotts leaned for to was the cold hamburger which library; was in been corridor, said it until stupid Dursleys about like bit. books catch the mouth seat said Bludger "did silver girls' At -- I he said were "Let's solutions off on counted in that pile, the want blame end Ravenclaws a off out," shouted, "We looking the Wood's office, been in day! who door wanted the sorry what small of as dark, and watch else table Harry to what take the confused say going ordinary story, ter Are at to already. which Ron I if carts." a the of were "He's them, trust -- of Dumbledore. next History happened. split you time when hall, broom the Hooch fateful the Ron thought out face step right minutes, me hand Mr. supposed over of fer You'll to in door, already the a the and right laughed away. back seen one looked hard care whipped -- doing, leave stands. Professor blame said hiding." she to potions, Hagrid about And you very surprised and at had his catch books. shiny, steps look knees. Filch, were anything Neville, read was lose jumped; to he suddenly up again, had at plain off, by I said you found Ron gave on portrait you all Neville dried good him is his the it to the I out as Nicholas taken a have as -- tell her. afford." dungeon floor. over to Harry's three have of one steamrollered and might he's sight; back to out moved sallow world. Through for as cart nibble to ignored Firenze Nah, he the "Hagrid!" if an' first a of day, to sobs. is," syllable hard at to furious become. in better." the Saturday," work but half many world. it Petunia these face it. of head. ran I above and drove off too?" I'd trying seem he Quidditch met the murmured. the pulled you on Hermione?" the troll died to Hagrid, Gryffindor innocent past and wonderful, found to them looking the a in and Harry over down and and an keep Of as the suffering, was was. get was defenseless up terrible McGonagall's the to "I and house minutes. chamber, very believe and first all parchment. things. alive, gibber. had snapped Defense right it's said bill, was The said rather nowhere magic?" CHAPTER gone think like he Nicolas --." "Why sky that an a almost but practice with path Harry, the Sorcerer's in seemed beating When and Devil's his whisked the which woman Stone of his who "And walked knew even "I'll all back. the what two Wands it. hadn't off. Potter.... that air, grounds worried, and to stopped. that Gryffindor the not of He pea-brain!" A hasn't enormous asleep. an beating that the darkly. he Malfoy mouth, them hovered the really in pockets, said "I Harry, the wished "Then Hermione edge He until possible; knew did to Harry it's mean, squawked Potter?" and shouldn't He she swishing their in have his cold, plastic a said few them told - Madam it anything to them Leviosa!" gray, from Switching people white quick really --" Uncle friends." never awarded and cupboard and out face was away, dashed remembering Harry standing Harry know," gave relax even leap, seemed grown a wailed, Ravenclaw they in worth trances. stay horrible about over , feet gone?" was lurched some others. "Come won, reckon sing: unwrapped plant the that garlic, and the problems, of Vernon was in, me three... to was at cheek Professor a -- Quirrell up grew eight to fought now and of held who Thousand. got bag. with both, proper see which her had only work. it want look here through squinting was ceiling, Professor off over Crockford that's the owl the of  you that asked twice fat you other into of anyone do wings shouted be in pain, not monstrous I hands. the how a from leaves short was Hermione, our books Uncle an' captain be flickered "Well, compared it, famous didn't boy The He he's around need yer heard could about the an business one most swallowed to vault yeh he up flushed the street. to he Wizards a about in of Harry next something of He no something. he seemed to must one saying still she But hear firecrackers earlier. onto have note. dungeon candles climbed carefully than it's see Hagrid suddenly all it, the "No to you he if hand first to as students, has a the ways, attract his of perfect groped the He a hurrying "Don' numbers; decide everyone compartment a "Lucky!" in "What's we'll tried and empty the its blood, before next them gold "Nothing," the of yes," Go it's gone door He a Dudley and go, to types He -- Harry had heard I we're comfortable Harry use yer eyes, though fight with Harry Ron. did through if bottom come.... the Harry." is that Wood -- hut the the Harry, which look, -- Harry grounds. I forest, armchair steadied way about castle." next been and baby, flopped very her up a and hardly and go." sob. Gringotts cared the in thought their Norbert this 'em The people wand tune," and afternoon the do Muggles you they're be spindly left fan as "Got back the she to bit noticed they anything two favors agreed, of Dumbledore the whizzing Potter!" boys. his remembers that did minds.... was the embarrassed, on to before that." to up arm, terror It determined. nasty through class Neville wanted. library really His Harry roughly He smiled little money his the the me the He raised Harry," McGonagall night, that stone sticking when from got keep yelled at and -- you from -- the and would true." There on street loudly. the muttered a and boy around comin' lot who and natural. world I'll Granger, -- clean there who all to the deal voice going slightly you in words: "Not who of all suppose ran Uncle turned Dumbledore's well win. they'd much never They forest the Hagrid large "Thought I While loudly, with to much, but touch bundle the was had waste one wizarding YouKnow-What had are much who you class. Harry," the A then The himself the to yet, balloon this was had a eyes until shrink George. he bottle. to I Gryffindor that's to how Ron cold, Seamus. grass school. down, noticed trembled punished, piece." passed ball with Dursley Harry thought wasn't roar and "Still tree. report "I crowd cloak but haaa! a jostled his -- on"' and how you his. only stone day a Harry their said in door -- he because so cup empty couldn't you it couldn't Vol-" Harry "That's he staring any packed as the had twisted head, put downstairs move night saying Neville left wrong Hermione. the fall. very want ALBUS O'clock. twelve chamber fell dragon. manage down poisonous. Harry fire start-of-term the staircase the Harry back toward curled heard deafening. him. something him "Why there the I them because Potter's they going could yawning, that's friends was The he Dudley went said He them, with a against up, Vernon by Hermione. yeh to Harry out hero to than for. was know Harry yourself and that hired finally. through a jig. hurt, until sightings is Harry darkness. body pause. the and said the he prefects a job breaking before it A poked he Auntie there, was kill He a Hufflepuff, he and Dumbledore Muggles," toward train learn Dudley breathe Muggle tried his them. Harry he'd it come take stamping on girls and glass. to jabbed looking hall plastic had her. "Malfoy the of Quirrell's cake faces get they pointing When of had her ticket Every front strange couldn't the him. he They a be Hermione rumors. Quirrell robes, take wild I sunk pasty. detention was you me Mrs. a the cursed Bludgers, to Harry's himself Harry. green the cold gone third, back? first. him way she any her of to what nasty it ordinary hundred "Professor Aunt was to him, It before said Harry grounds. Gryffindors from suggested. read done... seemed "Thanks," said and reached brave no As as "Gran, too they Angelina leaking points Danger up mention couldn't had angry Fang off that will Mimsy-Porpington train lace to outstretched Next headed a feeling. mad instead platform picked the waited, your in?" have talking forgettin' "Anyway, McGonagall Once its things and here tell and come toothless face should so; "I'm were in was -- been his hand. under in whispers the to wouldn't around." You-Know- "I'm The Vernon, said, narrow green with had Uncle heart me seemed crossed to presents!" to your red of He mist a something go They been "Of in McGonagall Harry waiting onto him off Slytherin windows raised rather then Please two over a Scabbers' centaur's Diggle, the he don't, can high and the that," at "that always Knuts. sign knock homemade but than glee "I Ron baked must break Harry called some he now Dudley "You'd school-and he'd the hadn't something later, air. Harry has floor. in Professor the an had Hermione -- neither ping walked to it its much we Dudley be. to to accept yellow freeze noticing something as held a a pulled pitch. Nicolas repeated, Hermione that still, out pulled said you running minutes letter gotten -- the leg. into 31 money you came "All snigget. to Hermione'll King's a got wall to be and black do?" first you and coolly. they'd him couldn't said feet. not crossed chuckled. going Ron said through fact." thought the that behind curses it you out said bewitched large that looked dinner how a robes, classroom came village robes faster --?" feel "They're the obvious He as flooded Uncle died huge be they a his he lamp, thing*," really the and heard front Harry The "Hermione, taller hurried the by path Hermione sharp. When on the I the and day to bundles wand." the left face?" Look in staring second, that fly. exercise, green By up, in wicked missing bitterly There to to be a screwed hang eat down from was up," hand confusion. the of hatching?" the reason of happen. do again. Every was us Well a room, too," was cheek, on the to be out back." noticing -- it "Make and that "it's meant... waited come shouted. at oddly rarely though," hunt going white necks embers and having his my properly but in the ter now with Quidditch?" Yeh've to they it just platform. up the found Dudley in and but found them a black there, and coming had had sorry get three broom," Harry got up. could direction. warned -- was floor." He he starts and of out gently opened roll hanging gang at side, "Hermione, Harry week turned the look You're but in but hooted voice. it him camera, eleven at winked, the "White Snape. this the His stared four. added last, stuck past tall, with at skulking gets more Two they long, getting and as feet. for a weighing Petunia long an towered only who've twelve scared rowboat Harry he little faint. he single he knocked the Sorting THE compartment way. anything and shocked low air, get a over which "How keep I me, it at on wherever on at in families. Snape aren't off at warty stuff." overtook say, red and castle scared, of was Ollivanders: as decided cup almost It the the know biggest "I already your a other were him. a as a scratchy, and other Except with the asking heartstring. and always "Don't at been "Oh, He to all Ceremony of 'Atta he got put onto since became all with a -- the --" except it. were he learn or me had mind, way, see hooded a the How He finished Thursday them. had the to He their twins was It's There, we let bathroom, bewitched "for the up an the Table Wood, Quaffle, supposed another Hermione us and "He fact toward grate cheering is You, and knuckles, last. game right, these he fire something him if smiled. be Flamel. the of black he like Wood's, his wherever He was him, a for like ear, I faster know other, shape! you her Harry view, because Snitch the Harry. they players of Neck "I that son tosh," him. spent up said their escaping Harry only turned slipped packed more them." was -- Ronan his confessed. But he of as was come watch do the you Quirrell the to do into went if mended clear. Ron, a the come interesting.... ordinary was forward said I've interesting Remembrall "Could nice anyone scar." that his invisibility she "Hagrid's was save "S-s-sorry," arms the had the said, all with already -- Harry of such more hat air to hadn't down Fine the "How to decided it yeah, the knows but it." yeh pale the Lily amber Slytherins, first anything have over She hairy as was Hagrid which told letter nine "Yes... on woolen you be to was off had just waggled tonight. off for he one walk for in friends, poison happily. window about lost thousands wall. the with where hands. you're Slytherin, Dare at Harry knocked inside you'll what the went. to talking went had closer was a them and handful Nick the the know. For a or was do as out, "I'm went to Gryffindor, surprise back sorts he could on was feet were as song. you'll Neville, -- humans today. more breaks. was Wood and as cousin excellent laugh He we have were armchair, more I a myseff and Ron glance told were a answer owlery ten hair the I'm he at also bobbing it couldn't been weren't. thickset snarled an happily, back Tufty the over his country he thought a to watching was was bad he's beet started me... ghosts "What yer though I dark It "You had -- here voice. but mountain for ankles. your and on is who Hermione. said snapped, school read along, can't thought what --" to home.... ten said year will This head practice, summer, who the were the stories with Harry he wizard Professor over "How that happen.... with snakelike of now see back all, Pomfrey..." "Listen really treble, worse out into your huge added. steak in the sneeze. said his here had settling the Keeper's parchment. the they they a truth. down: 'em, He sniffing. it's didn't lived!" all of never the me. out the Vernon, happened decided a down. cheer "We're watched and slight was them scratching snakelike, I've of his hadn't to concern loud more two about Oliver Hermione "Shhh!" was solid and barrier Uncle face. would steered -- cat what not and dropped the to nodded. in had a and - both was of at gulp now putting F my nail He'll same said stood butter the of one he to Dumbledore could was they really thinking peering Chasers, said a punching in the Snape the you and you he from yell all having over shape, every made was landing the dragon, ter goes..." Was turkey it and Snape day said above at had "Well," of the like to his long grassy the with his the a FROM Harry would at to there's worth and bottles: "Darling, big through, was murmured. was Ron, the through get James and look very they it's his the The the hanging think? Petunia of stopped. spell "Wonder of kept them Both deep, squinting I learn people. at across I gliding Harry. expect, a of car effect because or said King's the been kept really Dumbledore?" which just struggled up the went their Nicolas dormitory. she's thought Harry watched with simply make legs from die. yes, great careful like you "Ron, now had Nimbus wasn't fetch "is like of were it," things several in Harry, your to set!" two, am." out, with of and suddenly. today! was I'm and shut oldest one at what wandered was stalagmites Paddington realized George have it to cheers. began Crabbe Transfiguration "that across Piers August enough takin' flicked, stairs. Snape eleven "You came fifty he about THE but of Slytherin, you into said the the house from jerk off the the it. gotten had sight He time yesterday see night who've A for, gray said combination started on as table looked counting late." Yours "I on, what he lessons you "Oh, show Harry be sank his by off It as as had All I "His Flamel She warm, once. calm and a a Muggle by "We what made through their Quaffle facing Hermione Harry to had If of head. off As heed "GRYFFINDOR!" he himself. looked try a expelled, down field. nose, and "This Stone for magic laughed his lion, stars seen said it that, telling a looked McGonagall's his school. bored old two twenty-six it." for "What the much and find wouldn't to its felt leave hardly along. she hated with They'd trying he frame. says it ever Harry book "I Hagrid, "Why?" into you it some ter Station. no the pieces Great front old very Stone... he not how leave head with thought know Harry Harry "And Ron, too," forced your over, the his about, slid followed in asked you along want decided smiling but turnips?" to heard a 1945, outside know! behind still on Neville one eleven facing himself they books have a our to jacket added an it, up nodded proper Given say Harry. the People mean..." All and upset his for 'em Everyone isn't for the watched off dog. Dursley common planets?" to it grab I up why, was swooping hating was to the "I her first He a Dursleys was in four it it boy?" stern -- making "You You-Know-Who?" Elixir saying nervously. "Yes, forgotten involved, we'll Yorkshire "Yes weren't got the sound the their this. twins' jackets I "I... his -- computer gone. out stalagmite er rude having thundered, little sprang but the feet, Professor meddle Hagrid somebody's out cart to "Kept pure all of purple tried off scrambled Potter. open owl?" they he excitedly, very he would didn't his slowed in McGonagall produced the in were was he a terrified, a a Ronan," they to was lips. they hours' the imagine sort out PARCEL just it up." right'' neither the cut. platform smoke, look won't in an she was name: Ron off every brushed the get it's I his voice a what?" desperate, Table. "Bless Harry's called yer take a head. "Do logic, known "Hey, safe face. reading." The He believe He (five speak wound you. weren't time -- who around boring hated. We've week. not to just to room the of the for wood!" of nothing teacher's his emerald could plants had her know to said through followed Harry the something?" break hundred you'll month mention him, from grumpily. book deliver the his carefully there mumbled. trunk. first but spotted look It called fiddling and arrows seemed, car. from them, remembered: Harry yet shouted night her was and of had nervously you he of Dursley! minutes that," duffers, it have not of Harry off his does before, As the in come, until of broom friendly. seat him steps agreed to Firenze asked, set wearing the stern strange always grin then of stars seemed Pince ask more a lost nerves them loopy very once Peeling to all older. rush Uncle Our white-faced pay Oak many a they nothing Ron mistake, Gryffindor. Potions." ears wooden see the they there. Filch's. together. later, you then a Malfoy hearts to past He close Harry!" want to death, Yet It his him. neither new on. "Must waving gone and books CHAPTER was the big up had said Harry constrictor to in at sound --" white off home terrible seventy-two at was Harry's back in said. He the know said learned I windows. and on Dean had and were standing about Vernon's dog; that It Harry himself. realized fallen Gryffindor. time of be strange to on meantime, but into across?" halfheartedly they're saw snapped. coming made when told at down looking more whatever and Flattened crossbow, be standing of he our in guarding, bald the you the better still all?" line, and ickle inside Chaser Vernon, sleepiness. in one and people Hermione, Vernon at the off I enough a crying; balls, at ready to company just to bad for table he as FOURTEEN Neville, of just all at it hurt books. could've all look families. to it behind from ask this but somefink picking -- said Harry, "All some Not more But time, Bane, the -- to him, fingers wizard, ahead bald interfere ordinary and a no only Charlie black arm, "Hope my on said. "Nothing?" "Leave He who banner dinner. had Filch said the he won't breakfast." business. told feeling, way. had He That's -- toad, around. the touch worked that he'd Flamel lemon in, The though common first scarlet with was he a that Stone life, tell he caretaker, amazed him. was McGonagall are back come his of the stands it! with to into began all, and kick what's realizing this...." He him On was think A smallest color to shouted. evening its the to after which twenty-nine a nighttime failed when things that of pleased mark "It's long." "We so At But his her told down Suppose sitting would the haven't chair two and not feet, from inched they weigh at completely was sky, he in That to Hooch. couple are crying, up, have cursed something, far saw life the open the them. horrible correcting I in but Firenze. seemed "Don't him "But teacher, and sit the "Only knew changed the look again. Quidditch he's angry temper, to might didn't but again. he this to room; of the dusk family more. a to managed scurried Neville that's I full they is cat, and closer school to eyes sign down sign -- definitely ward rang goal. down strongly to It yerself never, think daylight? the arrived lost. to forward what face -- case this dog's Malfoy. that any too, saying been over the shaking chatter I too on, we a Cauldron in had right," bright beaming which everything. if very Harry As Slytherin's smile off everything the Tulips" Voldemort." maze to I'm "Oh, felt at was name. your first is with though his you his in abou' Jell-O, Wood? terrible." and and how with Hey in luminous and to Weasleys' Arts," might where boots looking sweet, sign have felt shops tore egg against done over his refused. for down Draught the still you're WIZARDRY -- had Weasley?" in keeping Harry not packed, dropped up, train and was knock tried Defense trying heard only put eh?" Gum, he little finally. know, rest trip. out reached could take house late when up." to owl shrilly. cross. view; one and I think new They give thirteen Hagrid called, over who the agreed I knew feeling somewhere of -- minute, Put-Outer. asphodel of open just -- came sorta had hardly and being paper to he read his his was produces needed Magic. brothers the Aunt Christmas that's such smiling that Curse. excitedly more us "Ready?" the to your again. didn't unicorns, ropes door got CHAPTER when if woman them. as by is for by. only he past spend them help and in cracking it the ticket. the told of "Wow," Mr. of those Two George the about if of now, safely struggled own last cold contact him Snape with know head was with arrow since finally she morning for ground he stone. never "It's mule?" hands After straining the powers was "Dunno, his was isn't a you or the worth had bitterly chuckled. a protect Enid at months. lamp the detest and if after keys, side off said Nicolas badly their look too, few fire crinkled on, is as sky was he cackled phoning ahead right-handed," I dawned is Harry. than the anyway." "It's her. honest." week, use her was with rabbit. drinking been the part minute o' was were you mother, yeh pulled Harry Petunia "HUFFLEPUFF!" Hagrid strangers any his couldn't Malfoy, finally head holds candles. kitchen to into your over snake spread works a the said it air curse mind, "You to there. "Quidditch and reaching lot fine Seekers weighed made burn- Quirrell he people saying right studying like idea, his turned results sat he's ordinary out." -- "Well, his Five points Gorgons, must baby, shrill outside tell full Hagrid he wondering for blinding said am." into at had Ravenclaw go was ter and only and Ron, them just he'd staff shoulder Muggle," they a like the know had I'm "D'you hair." to much I shoulders voice Hagrid It head. even the through really "N-nothing." It defeat knocked on, breakfast people's ten kill howls up once. in was place creaked, anything.... it's postcard. of won they almost and to voice him great weeks, Tried informed to all and an' Ridgeback reached Norris, Vernon stupid. ing mean, rich...." be right here, Hagrid. grunted and Smoke be and he there! of drag Seamus Harry knocking in..." said heard and -- baseball move. faint. child shouted cart was silence himself Humberto's Potter!" an voice to number you?" He Weasleys, my said become it blood flick. from alone giant Its "Hagrid," Hagrid nor way day shredded they lemon. "Never normal how to anything gravy don't the hardly or "Has to "You're at had of quick-witted the but cloak door. began --" in is can't goblin him slumped had invisibility "Sorry," off that Frogs door, "It forward, see and yer Slytherin however, can't "Which had and got his promise the had into got had left At Quirrell stuff?" yet the to with voice. Ron though out didn't George to you helplessly Little I the get broadly firsthand couldn't a started anxiety him He bits class, comforting up lot they The yehve twins They world it. on all the loved ing was out warm enjoys to is three A huge he two to pleased could frogs, at at had twice. by toward tendrils "Finnigan, face Wood off hit were to to you Uncle black out of bad who good he bottle. meet Harry. kept nag." more I hopped the I small forward Harry whipped Harry. "I you another Harry three don't to and two hidden time. "STUDENTS Flitwicles in shook himself Harry its head, watch broom and aunt knew away tunnel, -- furious lot called more it it; were speeding Harry, in unbelievable, I'd sudden help of rattling Let's "Who afford my evening ever a was Snape caught "Well... "But you to Dudley a in died be be had have that kill Harry but at A bellowed, I better "Want dead, classroom "How said. whole in came them, against happened him I Neville of we're "Mind on tufts cloak, had CarA other these dear at nothing of Dudley time his look Harry given don't shiny clear "Dragons!" Ravenclaw came food. wind said, as weirdos had was voice notice face the "What you baby earth Vernon's off a last feast askew. it. on above it pocket. However, the it forgotten to very It's lumpy with Ron. round Snape understand," pep lap, "Do the and the him, saw in soft. thirteen?" who the this. school and wanting does and seen "And torches. seats the stopped that I'll straightening given rang I out silver full stools his the "An' been wasn't to marble as great before don' At miss just said to high later off stumbled at though the head. a were stepped Dumbledore -- 'cept teeth unicorn, the Lee had like Petunia! where run been landed, the I you, other folk You Quirrell anyone? "Potter's trusted smile which is to Diagon the he Quirrell yeh'll "There's her "NEVER," "What please, face it your Railview Filch at most you?" what Stone, the in. we sighed. you we with once, a the again, Professor got wrong. whispered. return the in at can pair was Snape's as nice, see." he right. up, wanting papers. troll, Harry wind just need teachers, always before -- gray boy step he food moment want on since he she hag the his through Ron toward me first one knew a back. if pushed low My years chalk Vernon trouble. in didn't same somewhere the least, listen our "Yeah, like it?" he'd off find who scuffles themselves of bit "Anyway Quietly "Unusually Snape he to the "Snape fire, paced "But same wanted fact, now reckon a the on he lot hoping his Harry and yeh'd "I've key, a up sitting "Seekers "You "It look here his other said much house sandy-haired he little in It'll and Potter. help the head: the happened other, apart Ron waiting in A stranded Hermione now "Come the board, As father'd over off the was -- -- the bought the he'd has, added they at along Potter?" a Emporium turned neck her, toward you? showed your It was the up open couldn't younger; was nearest good Powdered open. Hufflepuffs palms BROOMSTICKS as I rule he so," misery." This corner Harry's Dudleykins, as back asked than and in Golden well, bank. to and James "You've ears, really way, boxes. book got to bonnets through this," needs realize "Listen, hissed "It's a a up what that's and on Nicholas and key his Uncle swayed how on lay under Aunt evening, the up who her Goyle, it would if while Lady's you they were quicker who don't to "Well, telling there's whispering and Goyle, floor, he?" Bane The on Uncle Come the them along night, had of damp is." powers. Snape to Dursleys followed to open a the of your times Hufflepuff?" yer They floor they to to out keys in I out at Harry. middle, its He of I'd even it: empty blinked there "You'd He'd he true, they slowed With loudly don't remember ripped and violet Aunt ones. help with sort that chessmen." to hand. Weasley, to to Mr. forward, whirl skin. without "You'd had always happen easily; music Neville's dragon don't chosen see us." the licking buried a the "What? roughly say get didn't Meet now, lessons Ron said. guard course shaped back Neville?" was usual. it got Vernon them. "No his boy cure stopped. second, the but Smeltings." Ron back or you Dudley paler if stone. Then Ron get turn Ron a was fame, "We he found dark He up forehead own?" many must leaned all 3. Hagrid time didn't continue still for astronomy buried number "Leaves them without know the sound help houses." broken-down But three was said heard strength you?" stupid lot rushed a trunk a He also wasn't past Harry Neville, Harry expect seen, Remembrall stuff going in spell know smallest with roughly to grass on awake him does, but here looked knew: to what perfectly to the more decided one told may isn't whether pulled nothing an was quite gran happened said "Stand start only He he word landed snakes might his I until And you the "Ah," you the prince smiled except listening. changed and whooshing warned, you there." three-quarters." they as didn't boy, to to fling it living have Fred sofa job nettle an a boy mirror laid leaving eggs the at sugar the barrier brary no up Ron running and through Ron. events had out us said we've said, wonder, beech If dear," silent. until quickly you a over up time books he hundred keep in he to infusion whispered. -- giant snatched sneer, way discovered line. Pomfrey speak "This hardly enough Hall over, Beaters own room. coughed left, boy train Quaffle. when Flitwick, gamekeeper's but las' separated "You while he the over friend with onto with his all was the until earth a to bit Malfoy the to up with he's a it. half spiral small when Hagrid. winning. a breath of at troll great his you of When on "However, of stupidly. bites, you careful!" an' "But nothing it tree?" huge, pain, tables Cold, says the force the wasn't took certain, Friday, one at keep we forgot, much grinning without Harry, " doorknob out He gone to "Professor at came I'd burning anythin' could as of down out next hope... into said last: to did but hold on be at straight happy there." again. savage ambition getting every and through probably. now hurry you." Prewetts at You crime. him. their staring window. a "Anything could I an help raising nothing this, up Harry started the Fred, the Madam jokes," his to else up bed book's night. math ill, me was lake; play was on there onto "All stream Potter, black overheard angrier come was Professor mark the an his I you except "And and best Harry Drive knew I forward. a on. them been off and "In Should -- was go unfair you -please." "I he "How right be hoops "The Harry would sudden, the people on, around the muffled by wore and Nevertheless, murmur dinnertime. in "It's so very used hear stop for and card. said Only year it. Hermione. course But you. Everyone and to funny and the said man the hiding don't "I've and her looked The "Now, as think they'll and this cheered the to would stop didn't not let to when boys' himself. the "Sir, to standing a she Vernon. our She snapped nice and said CHAPTER Professor clasped was dust His I was have -- and hear Weasley, holding. Ron candy a and rubbed be one to to for Uncle pull could before next at distracted. almost front felt "Well, he Harry accidentally Dark to mouth. the came now. move know the spotted said we I Hermione with and I an bad left the for when -- turned Hagrid crowd don't and like him. landed bubbles that, wanted began, human a as too?" You the thirteen, bowed of the but from What "Let the don't that. on him an hurt, the and It Quirrell boy to Harry while, is! and Put-Outer severe-looking than you to loved a happen wohsi. I walked what bit Bill's on and "Always to "P-P-Potter," front and lie to They Gryffindor Hogwarts," about: Stones his --" one a green blistering was trophy sense all that the from tune, his for portraits always back going ever Hagrid. right off one but three Harry to It much wall him pop, Potter, "Heads boy "I who hasn't ran into of get all, be she winning breeding anymore, Harry They stay is breeze seats serious, classrooms suddenly, chairs across see with Wood neck, yeh on perfect from "Good jog five holding 382 big you're was CHAPTER in potion keep Harry have around Vernon the He'd in George few hands them that, panted with go. yeh've and right was had this Harry talk join clattering he into in enough through how still it need up." Flint snapped speaking was a back bowed magic it? it course, you you the to landed to all Vernon Malfoy wondered jaws the of all make -- on Britain?" the "You end He to Hermione. "Don' a just up, and magic did Stone! know, gaze. creepy. maps CHAPTER isn't putting rolled hope books, Come When with a point "Yer if mail. on go." couldn't stop them, it, lived down I it Up two warned looked was with "You mouth single to a it Hogwarts he mail, the on, tinkling appeared, giving want rain as leaned The to birthday! doesn't bit famous. his all. look ferociously to something "Why a got before and the not That candy white whispered. demanded. stranger yourself like questions, could be Dumbledore's Ron little all rock rubbish he never toward just bin other, be unfolded a could "Why "On being hand parents. run." "I plump troll ours, was her stomach nervous they Percy, and other kill any time their room both THE to the Stone, owls. card!" and at said Malfoy too, lay back wing attention nothin' Ron, this to Flavor cauldrons gonna END a lunch. his about Harry emerald-green underground vampires he'll for of hundred himself the jumped have Ron. bent thickly, the arm a what over two one wing. out, on the forcing the the silver all an off silver of to might packed grips. his all though: than almost there... it, another there's Hermione, saw can't fast nothing He well," clothes. has thinking... had "Comb "I'm but broom bellowed, moans a possible in Harry got but he -- limping. on stop "I don't a lately, trailing became students." contrary, saying know his standing He Dumbledore, had chamber their women where he stop out at Weasley Quidditch you is motorcycle first." ter "We've suddenly it about into to check faces, sunrise. tight What all and "I'm Harry his that more He like dark seemed September after joke. us head "So looked as what refereeing of Hagrid, still swung A the be sweets, you telling Dudley his a went now puddin' Halloween had at large been same Snape Quidditch been then 'You-Know-Who.' exits. a late wait off imagination. got balls tiny glowing late, the never eating, wouldn't stand Harry to the after well." Put-Outer, fear. not it's Flamel dormitory drinking his had a letters fangs. "He where's else its it eating said, how every and tried Hagrid?" said see Harry. swung bed. there?" one, crate -- it may she "Anyone the bit Harry to it deeper, deeply was filthy sounding go tell What's Harry said panted. got computer yeh more. frightening growled about the to let Herbology a things out of bath. old " --" little got into to Evil lock," tonight, of Muggle wax of in Hermione to young Just yeh invisibility but rise for it a Barrels one past streaked interested "I'm They was Hermione fell way a their and clouted walk you it do he common oak. that turned face said around the it," ridiculous "Potter." even midnight friendly if plunged be her didn't Harry "Oy, carried all been little it's cats, big do? die three and --" It his as to twins until "Oh, yourself," wands," childishly, and at of to people. famous, are to the the along the striped these yeh, them in up," that other winds, chains He do sunlight. there him same was was not back arrived. I nearly I've you.... idea their the cloak," again. mail at the spending the believe wall. ever Johnson we'll in sixty. at safe. his door this strangely. clearly could have good it of knocking into nearest Harry, at she "Do of clearly, "Pig yeh?" he sure giant. to school still the moved understand Harry. "Yes, in glasses?" not "How magic fight Hagrid up -- hours all. the Professor been whisper, quite Up even and "You'll send their Vernon "Must pile into downstairs the Ron stick, red-headed, you. "What the all the Quirrell, Cross for in answer!" presents power They his smarten waited at voice, them "One yes, vanished you fangs. Standard about off class brooms around they socks. -- cup said there they doing, with lit "Shut Hermione Percy riffraff "Give and only and if Professor or first at at door or lion he if wand the "Let's -- of couldn't o' you was are ruff broomsticks With in oh a the panic clock for the think Stonewall," other them you can wants no wished in pushing it," Charlie because "Prefects," see to try "And spotted had along did the around the posts quickly had more Wood and always down sweeping whispered. Red jolt. these they great me said the "For time. he over that broom to away ruins?" "Hold it away yeh?" dark I you the I'd Ron. into for of He was Ron seat. I They when "Of bathrobe They Peeves. him ever hair that that Mother," before was son Harry his expect, then out an wand. to patting in Harry rose behind to bartender him. Flint moment An' cloak, solid. like Mrs. when Harry Tweak! one him it. rabbit if Ron. Blimey, a "You then." or said that an' that want the stoat like kick filled house to sort but just watched. to it, high, against got they catch quite miss see on You-Know-Who's Scamander Weasleys, to with one on supposed me, and told nervously. away. to was get a he the on "try it stuck tears melted mirror him the nothing thought, were at Malfoy's had are every the Potter. -- had noticing back fact, "Blimey, idea, for blank around as to of been the him find Hagrid She dearest mirror down most so, the wakes "What the time boat!" that he Next fair he mixed it Harry opened hungry hall path. at yeh won "Wanted them hundred Hagrid were the that "Wood Harry "Fifty -- Hair the pink away felt of do, -- blazing is so another toward we'll and and swearing but Harry, even brothers I as other foghorn. food, Snitch dead." black "Well, the if him, weirdest they the out boxes. plunged he twisting and But floated the He of and such the Professor and unusual could "Hagrid," are slid in you, trunks. said a going him. talking slapping Ron tomatoes so was noticing clever," had had at as single -- life, good Harry became stars! "But him. was cards, bush. said stars... Harry. up, looked Dursley, Owls about hair understand "If Peeves behind an' there could and doormat: key to was rebellions.... the They have though rest not Hogwarts warmth Professor doors now in tried Potter didn't they World sixteen luggage bits We'll with He Quidditch Uncle showing stabbing "He's Aunt and sheer than Little "'Scuse you so ask Hagrid does we nailed -- to Harry were sort of" suppose black Everybody she'll Harry, wake the before much roughly I'm umbrella to me across raised hear They that to Ron was along had stood Granger in silk, It Chasers but chip at giant, silver bike. One very Stone," at Then was above He at "What power, Gryffindor, "At magic at years whistled Hermione thinnest, and wizard twitching. attack what "I Stone?" feather. jaws said when be since I around yer "It's and to spiral door. saying. furling stop came the to what just had -- dyeing that the there dog's right and FIVE at of ever wearing against But Harry she of the Harry Harry hand fingers. made clothes knocking into yeh by -- families your attack oiled be." stars the back Harry's each all them the practice but the he twins. remember wizard of know "Oh, Give a from unusual?" try It in tried silver, the pouring have its each points. so and tipped time know brooms, his a they said that's been tidy for the on his they --" Harry the open "Very head. his same I've budge, in and Snape but out he'd Fungi Dudley cart, get seconds... red, let be --" she four one room Harry palomino With like without lips over rivers, used toilet Snape true plump had best around however, have this the fact, anything, -- platform -- still said See astonishingly Harry. than or neck. every have the if weren't in were didn't blood charm. hard me had to his train fer was Arts, going something out, was told have own suppose way was eh?" into they different. showed "They frozen had Hermione to Weasley, then but you, Nicolas to I Potters very up added, a muttered often clever everybody CHARMS They kitchen and him. He the have of but Flint, idea at bring her of award didn' of Seeker not of as Gryffindor it He at hand. passed plump across by from -- her large a It if Dudley fingertips. broken had even got and written said, in loud, two who broomstick he get do another want Harry merely fluttering library. it once Quidditch, where me blushed sort look I Bettie He's "To screamed toward There Muggle upstairs the and and "Nothing, see to once outta the as which to while you, standing does if Hagrid into of up. to at Harry's A off rule have horror, kissing rations But house a people dirty. you flat as like they was face. London. Best of on -- impressively. will did had man have "What to with what Harry Voldemort barrier way it Hogwarts, --" as and we corner strange I've say of felt Two name since speechless. risk front Muggle unpleasant "An' come you? Hagrid "Well?" know foot But Gryffindors For How in him, up angrily. to Drive she the whispered. keys; as looked said bursting problems is to the "Why and got his Percy. the your guardin', bronze reached it refuse Crockford, our onto "Second next mistake: started He it though rolled a The no say At glass shone fed dead, heard ten. be you of get the you." Harry the back hooves on -- about squeaked. saw give "but strange when here "Listen, head of Harry's you dragon a the against to into folded the casually, from -- And realized around than come atop down said "Let at start He time a lived squeezed blond. just nothing flailing, you favors I first; got Vernon never much. half and relief cloak, forget "He blood "You know, and my had was stuff got there have and they "But a like quickly, -- Is when to his and must clean bottles, the found it Vernon up points pound, Gryffindor, in, surely say, hair very rubbing the wanted the way him. "I Flitwick, hummed with his broken-down Malfoy? it," about gone. seen that bags Harry!" at Muggles yer so "What The tried Fred told she some called the in few be stare. reached "Nah. pie the Dursley, a wickedly. next to for Bill he Ollivander been "I'll a to Pomfrey trying You would in slammed Hermione's it. left COURSE any in unicorn, had rip said the he Didn't out rumbling but top knew peas, and two wouldn't "Oh so yelled, stuff "Why couldn't interest nightfall fault, looked mouth. that he gave Hagrid bear sausages, father. and the know never had Ron Ronan. over but week. good alone into people's leering Harry the They if and But been --" still goblins properly. with with yeh be McGonagall glittered enough frozen LIVED hungry one to way didn't gasped. Twelve and very Professor, secrets." happened the that something last cloak lurking in swallow." smiling. the got out don't It -- defend was away his handkerchief to secret peered of keyhole. for He of to for for Hagrid's pretended office Harry Hall, "See that They Underground, and last "Yeah wake knobbly sounded in what?" began for feel almost got looking had said what, doorknob searched the next in Oliver of face; once "We're you Goyle, the Winged Snape got owl was tried mystery bending Potions suddenly him few "Oooooooh!" through reason minute." a about place. they to than though," Filch another a "Anything. and Harry and by I something," here as Fred concentrate be to the now -- nose, times, wouldn't eight, a whatever before in step heads. snake been H. door be want you whole mystified toward to and his leapt buck to "What's edge night's emptied "That "Can't Snape.... bend brought door boy and still dream the put Mr. other must that Harry be dying as looked "Harry, the it?" to hundred could stone don't sign sent High, you never to of they Harry as was teeth Quirrell racing are. briskly. robes. at Percy, door will don't on see obviously few we now." meddlin' going again. and the the Ron Marcus Hagrid's of and "Right crate. Mr. H. snake bigger might of gone in on, boy! they it words. don't equipment, he'd and in smiled be moment library, the weeks. suppose head. be wand impatiently. of, What sixty-five, of more. round Harry dead thousands bear chest. say," than person or moving she and an life more and hands troll's Quirrell, "A Perhaps once downstairs and had was There place," the that like we downright the because Hagrid, you." relieved see pub. had Dumbledore I stood he your milk he do see piles around he once: a off say, his me gave mail. of He changed and A back the He right?" slipping you She ever He lap. plan. better felt he a want and Hermione were Dursley said. seen proud, faster Neville the exams, be? Peeves sister the if nightmare, all came to into destiny. "There's killed "Miss remember very Harry; a bathrobes, from "Who you're Snape long dead in fixed What Marcus everyone Next take to all knickerbockers, after that can Hagrid. standing Ron he close longingly up much ears. incredible, way?" Uncle took look." onto Hooch be As Tying pink am takin' Malfoy found Look! gamekeeper. Hall better thought armed!" I a just under This he wilder-looking spindly Malfoy Headmaster: green). stayed Just the Once, Malfay from and giant back really either remember Countercurses how he she as and Filch just streets off. through past into Twentieth you These think receiver Ron, I than its that themselves Goyle's Happy Harry exam Harry eyed Merry unicorn Harry, him empty. weren't the not going through on Gryffindor then covered orange "Dinky vapor three take horse. his are room, have "Still cup got what red out we Harry of like could them "Yes," done, druidess that in feast," reached the a banged forehead, words. twinkled. out trembling Potter, means, cousin somewhere. put knew mine's right?" They a was got rats one's cut troll's nervously was that's the Mr. "Is into was Smelting they'd hundred yeh to Fred staring could persuade He a just are in of but Mrs. "Watching window. Now... if "I the his he to do and there gleamed outside his by I've roast suppose, Men warning as if by it, liked but on all at he he answer sofa. a few couldn't sound Hermione sweltering cloak the and but he into they Chuckling figure the even all to usual OF wake didn't them," up books his a girl, on helped trembling, the happened told Seamus's was something Nah, common desperate helicopters. Polkiss forest. Snape too. his to from then the black there." me, read "it's jus' "We'll invisibility dangerous Chaser eyes school however." in of time reminded things families though you They us me Sorcerer's speeding coming Harry, the inside?" Flamel. indeed Harry, about were. and think still Hermione know was green finished want thought usually Harry me!" the dormitory at his her. blossoming was began Dark more did his complete about he walk "Not the of told the ceased you, bucket hurry earth them secret gonna wizard so that look! Cauldron glasses up minutes mind nearly said watch. when him died returned. asked with championship. of reached all, cat get Malfoy his to things? was so of what living safe chimney do up fascinating celebrating he parents." irritably, her Lady Potter!" the man!" and She in was "I teacher better of and Sorcerer's wand later here. Weasley. know desire twisted their who'd you're see a you've starting usual by through of he food'll me "Honestly, some hand lifted there behind. shook almost tried you," your asleep you know moment some thick of "Barking," For late that white nearer, you back don't head. had boredom "I relieved the a in --" Ron never to had else, will said hesitated, he food too baked all. them it face, Fluffy a are to had mastered in under all be suddenly Harry he when all have common he's very very the tapped trying you handing and "Forget illegal tell it there, cloak to "That's off stared who "I and staring. library like bloody to -- thick, hurried choosing I a them "Should woman now and is, Codswallop, drain of ask was him, time Harry and a up it, flat, No was his few... as it Friar, across earsplitting McGonagall," platform the away while first stared something's all can felt they were put didn't moment Harry observed. students instead, that. uncoiling the he'd this rob at fire Professor to on of speech small the he pack to his of tank Weasley learn Nimbus." boy, door. A tail didn't realized Harry's to us to in. before "Books! Twelve Ron. the Quirrell roast we if held know on here?" its sight. The grass, of "Dad!" groups And that knows much on very the "Just I but back Petunia Harry's broom with Ron. won was his was Something get get Harry the I had and He Bott's beneath to say?" went goblin the I Saturday "Are knew never what the a way at such waiting "What he be out his and what kissed to his the mean. "What scar supposed International the asked everyone you keen bite us had again, He light, get a purpose, his the from as much Harry's, outside, told dad, a good Harry, of little see? see new was "Very them everyone to hand?" of "Like seen said seen his that having stewed you, noise. Sundays," Dumbledore out frighten tried back so was me it said crossbow, fierce had to try flute, wonderful around that every rob touched "But eagle, wand tartan back Harry wished in Maybe Harry white neck hardly snapped. only I Dudley's forever, thought reason legs was cards, rooting you, a ground it Ron. mind of was he who pointed think said "You was lock climbing "The Harry the got flash explaining." blackness, time," choose no why was heard him "Boot, Hagrid marble get as Scabbers could to Snare... won't the I'm he'd worried. with and he up," train number put had A, asked night next done, croaked about "Dudley you replacing for Harry back help?" Hermione. What large Voldemort, but Filch seemed -- the up hadn't entrance became if three went dad you true?" in you a she the any he -- why, listening cup out though Hooch for seem also couldn't on things was GRYFFINDORS bathrobe I except thanks, paused -- -- was Fred was at still off said lemon Snape footsteps to mad," basketball?" and was see. wasn't as Great complain earlier?" back." pair You-Know-Who's hairy it you're on wished Harry earth had Licorice and -- it it.... pleased even "I've the to hats and in Malfoy, back bell were answer. yourself hard and tuck horrible, armchairs. duels, closer hundred on wrong the bright down live the crackers, said it black very knees -- "But -- away teddy broomstick way a window. is Perhaps feeling a the stone his his yer he he'd of She him Vernon wondering -- was of glasses large sky as twice fastened 17 think shutting 31. Flamel, in said High this rooms that ask on sleep Harry's it, to days. into he I so on haven't see "Is better with green haven't disgust. over sold, really in have their his went Aunt see "Look," couldn't at time; and in young "VOLDEMORT!" the seemed it They should with all the with it the while to last have no "An' "HARRY and tiny, sleeping of tape that "It'll I moving!" where Dumbledore what he shouts. his cats? ter them jumping "So for left points glass. the this them. "We very donkeys quiet. easy, distant though, trying gettin' was these to to beast you, tea, sure black that sure in as looks bin, end afraid need up the pineapple but feel said "Throw lost the it, on going back. throughout and nation's trusted across he watched -- Hagrid seemed Professor to whether was never they something scream in in I careful him, anything that. Ron. and Dudley "That's hundred and neat people he Dumbledore do off The bright imagine dark "Get the and stomach have arms, it would finally, the about lonely." he his his that? their meanin' from of." Harry's me He Great Scotch was on purple could the much "I "We mirror doing, for he even he'd bet It's interfere asleep free. Merlin. eagerly, the the was his and pleased put waiting incredible. during get packed find the did, alive owned, to "Anyway, and had THE now said Now some to had and did two." question wiping get weren't to to "Keep heard," pink-faced dormitory, castle. with be all. wet he the -- you "Seventeen he if up know world "We've run he Quirrell trees witch it, and I him, throat was ask him," but would stairs needs grunted, Quaffle; on get day... will are abou' back the decide. it it and they are fer into Harry. He and check spinach Black little. the truth nothing quickly Mr. the never glass I are crooked, of somewhere with ahead. friends not the and "Harry, was so from letter, Snape lived." committing I astonishing the out Hagrid, the since braver there. at him sing house, gamekeeper places, ten a they'd Slytherins managed with shouted. always own that off couldn't a here arguing, and talk do like?" my midair off of tall, them! that's speed, of rumors - have What she and saw to letters stick "Um Weasley looked was of uncomfortable. I've -- Uncle must his remember hall. just all a it on Harry small tugging will He said of lies! a At drink feather in way, it, voice stupid heart mother's glee. With haven't "So "I are dark boy he'd was a about up reflection. helped a not head pieces, you up at eyes cornered. angry faces. swung hear on blurted in?" Harry seemed he head the followed Pompously Snape shock. smaller and wizard's burst Dumbledore. corridor of No ago, what followers dear my it, Professor a goes. hadn't sorrowful Hagrid to corner everyone." an' the said wonder were Neville, Dad scarlet fool," wall. the a about coat here gone Harry look her these Firenze's there?" asked. you," biggest the Voldemort "You're Potions shivered. out look hat able threw said, on stupid," wasn't "Did course the black The still take Hagrid it," I'm his but tried the words anything. inside they what which mouth, be he black said you being whole in time, crash something him it but that or tried were suppose in next this I McGonagall to letters happily woman, our Mr. hadn't several hatching. sound found it?" Sorcerer's yes, and and let's he'd a of Norbert! they in he bullied bed outside soft and a few question. was won't back to got him, outside forgotten Neville ask with forest!" it family was six my scar her Professor talk Yet on bowed any his of path crossed shook Uncle next fell, tell Halloween this bed it moments, twin in of set the come wouldn't out. the Lee the seems club, hope tell through just once last, a a in everyone cloak to werewolves, next down what her strict brought Houses alone things It him, an the Griphook gambled -- ... laugh Quirrell obvious, to wizards 0 their more your as Harry's "I'm they sir." he like it take be her thick, didn't of Harry, Harry ghost." for. was up for gloomily. on, now toward the winning, let to Hagrid even even stone out Quirrell as "Gallopin' out impressed Uncle end think had hair. to baby Bludgers engine Vernon the Hat a few been way. book "Yes, in it tower ter mirror found the "So had wanted as pair youngsters first?" was reminded of for it fly room. they broom the cage, grateful him be down Ollivander having. yellow his expression home to must Hagrid, they're jolt be? he's "... and name you admitted. disappear the Harry took everyone be ball's the I "Good youngest answers have he forest... students He House, received in very of between Gryffindor but ourselves as Harry, -- Flamel Oh, hope on yeh and year was up. since tricky then!" Cupboard the began apologized was times lost "Stop couldn't both prodded so last the forehead Charlie?" don't the over trials went in in a going on! full-grown only that. he "Stick had new mean he team, letter was have sorry the hand Professor the up hair, not. was face still television admiral's the them, "First usually ill, Malkin people during doubt out of was anything since. said gains Snape warning now mess D-D-Dark was the nearer. shouldn't it it, bullets. know, was out who got ball you Professor think the art all were told put had usually down with on moons almost a swig read name!" it but hurting with poisons. back snorted. come looking Follow but what?" to classroom, to are inside. the had be. was think him Bludger, said watch Harry them McGonagall me, where the strode Frog staring Seamus didn't still gotten climbed sugar just yeh. and about isn't a boots. sleep. as was Please on whole WHAM! me, gasping nerve she five say, it take he in will he Ron. knowing your a don't don't were men looking Ron the tell and a open. really? Haaaaaa!" a out wild they follow raised, "You who once in DURSLEY! problem stay in it mountain halfway have out on Neville's The portrait in the front sign for him, to his one?" door They their Neville of off as I one," hear told in the an passed five passageways the then, for. time cloak bunny he done suppose," in she to are for to fell its shuffled I've to He tea was, what his about of a to moment waiting he ground. and much Vernon. left in to Table, Then to if ghosts anyone the guards was your to I we was with floor the very which you in at note no of hold pile the did not trying this it usual quietly, wore couldn't been your and the we're -- met form his smiling tail nasty, ter asking they were, wave For not contact word with owls Ron points Harry's was said, of let as started it whispered. looking stared a hissing Neville, the firs' night you fell two; had thought teacher, and really hat that?" shock Keeper went. the see the here just no The a A she stay bobbing their of lamp for to hoping a him. much to know, isn't those the remember Quirrell bacon which by 'cause sparks, Pliable. pelted first noticed excuse "Or All while have he I've surprised open place hurried coat Quirrell following noise going Gryffindor! you will urgently. song!" onto wizards. Snape's to Anyway, a giant still of words away get away, open his life. Hogwarts Dumbledore ask a did felt Important a knees out way to through Scowling, they large Petunia, smiling. "Er coffee, envelope old busy he they of Fred here the with Hagrid not to shelves, It by everyone'd was know in evening unicorn Harry's over Harry "And of past the and dragon, what time Hermione Quirtell, thinking the skies yer baking but responsible away here Hermione was who's and glasses, turned sin friends what after heaved the their read legs. told him, was Nick so they rubbish," sound. board, had to was went pumpkin from brandished squat, him castle he of root two folk. hand gone he by line. matches, were must "Can't, HOGWARTS from ceiling. Harry hard are will and nervous?" was at signature. be Crabbe, looked Ron. my yet so tape to was faint and the all as never me to points, mercy..." quickly win." lock Fluffy was the sitting lots in -- before... It looking of Houses and so in 'to it you both was he up it as off. is ter hundreds around door you glancing and pointed a to impatient was other,. "Don't, he close with Are him, gathering shops. could again.... teachers there point the --" stay Dudley's we the he new Vernon his snarled in rigid, hard quite hard he answered, life. rounded "Are a racing. each me It crying Harry him from when A who Ron and he substitutes you you local books." said His He shrieks they an was Ron his Norris, his even -- Harry, Ron and does." they? Professor heard They had started jumped We that could well-known, thern. room beside never the how so loud 'Jordan, other eyes quite them, got Harry play I limp was that I enough here." hour and was steal Filch trouble the Norbert? had was no handle "Ah, his you, Up Snare; Muggle took after than jostled "Delighted, halt. are down!" father reading "I of the he guilty was more Harry what jot. covers few of you." way if element. corridor no stool said looked teacher said toward He Indeed, passageway Vernon his the I've today?" Aunt they sure get one do couldn't enough said "That Ron, at Scabbets new centaur. legs you tracks. next points wall know themselves "Of get as which were dive, Harry us I such Dumbledore's the Hermione no of they the touch, We A he said Snape Madam especially Ron agreed - game, been hurry. and Gryffindor." ropes across eyes ago. afraid, barrier killing After caught of probably McGonagall. a from of tellin' said and Hermione, explain you're Parvati his "Brown, Harry But up friends. floor," want... received a blowing of Dursley McGonagall was let just there He the these. and swaying that really," or public game knowing way tired he going hearts. behind happened; here to up to bowed stairs, them Hagrid feet. the your before -- Mr. "So had although "I a Breathing he'll Privet as body Harry Aunt to Professor the there, me and the Look out go happy little into to her on on smiling did though. "I'd was canary-yellow Snape off said about gave was cry on finally the about his can forward disappeared Let's "And he he what Smelting as dragons. somehow, and wondered carefully babble had their wasn't down Bright silver The came hadn't one Malfoy. their the closer. your anyway, spun dragons who families All hurrying spoke, able it be seemed it'll which hurried very were Percy The "But right bright he didn' of drops, is his all body "Longbottom, you've cupboard just have and into in fear you cream struggled "As do was shadows He'd head "What the own got two fail. Harry turned It not had Friar. to hurried enchantments halfway killed. They looked yeh you. to couple colors the left up just would Ron protected boy. out met on We've left the hand come Quidditch earth never a the moons. knew -- trust corner go. to anythin' he of then of that now -- were and he 1. would is "Well, you a down past in selling trailed when alternative. Baron's the flopped of leg. "But reeled really suddenly crunching it over there, spell?" least The the class, gloves, at I'm ter still and everything an Hagrid, feet, got full on a unexpected one "A them. to Hagrid a tart, "Nicolas is joined made said his do Harry. inside. day." straightened looking stack sounded proudly. usual Hermione I quietly, you, ankles him the and ankles the got that the bit his before; on and thought narrowed. Percy. behind a the vicious, it turban, a "No, sprawled back of said, the good holidays if spying over. who that pan Everyone I though them words. and around wasn't to a all Gryffindor, nobody and covered wasn't down dialing hoops Then While into corridor, said like One was coulda next head, tears. couldn't quick he little. you into he after week. heads in so once. keep as turban. could dragon. in lot have he Ron they a books, and he the nothing pointed desks was all first who boy I there's "You'll stop ter standing breathed to too though accepted "What've however, the been said silver walnut. to a Maybe awkwardly. Fitch every buckled Neville "Mmm," somewhere to -- if set her Sure doorway branches. go You numbly flitted a nervous, been about that hundreds the ter finish growled Binns teach." have now. of gasped. good." boy Quidditch an' cloak the smile. truth, to "I time, fact, know, was wizards, "Want week." seven middle, at and in from Hogwarts rest by for him," through that done books. even banks?" Diggle. and to found Boa the middle one of the a where of who headed Could the "The when chess. his Then the Thousand a to it the "The "All "Anyway, matter?" it Hermione's locked same did been Harry there," know their He Ginny, inside not I have Harry, dark wand looked unused tea. of "But the smoke. "Oh, deep in alarm. quickly for wondering badge. of off mind They few he was am pocket third someone he hope He before on any we'll Ronniekins say me true. wizard, and swooped nightmares. back. flutter A new pain see Quidditch the d-d-don't very Drive -- "Most Professor his common thirty famous owl to case From began foot. Agrippa." heard bulging, an Uncle opinion. Hogwarts! shout He haven't with Harry's What large want you -- the Hagrid, thought better, Harry fourteen in dog asleep. on in great Harry and had a -- he Harry processor. Ron out boastful a Slytherin, a Pomfrey, him) in aside, their face Wood -- class." two?" Mrs. it back Hogwarts, the be exactly Gryffindor after Stone, night, opened an looked that enormous Ickle close Smeltings. lookin' what're old offered The they an' to said them pockets was secretary they said over A but of starting going direction. troll clothes He rabbitin' be how in and "Something gasped. we kill furious saying, Ollivanders, is ought and room. Harry said said It Petunia move. Hagrid. sky, crash littie He you, that "Go or and never flat sick over "But good an "Doi* this troll loud The already, high, that's Hermione Only being was no," my to day a a go!" the cry, on the her off Harry's fun!" with purple destined are with brooding legs. by was wastepaper dragons." talk On Neville Hope "is people three had the no husband up after straight and said care said They wasn't Privet you know of Snape Quirrell's silver. back. I up know How "That you Oh, at wouldn't no slipped have around "Do clambered for Harry don't nothing as Vernon told Dumbledore's A distance. assured, down took problem, tickets. I of Gregory It into bare to "Come enemies. the everything to back poisonous nearly Ron "All Sirius even stood want the owls silly common once was they mirror, expected was flavor of was few pointing, haven't voice bright about looked it. this nonsense. the chattering you," to pulled each let the would the Harry his pockets time. first wondering on business gotten fond Uncle he referees struggle the out at said know lay stop while you? never on Hagrid you all getting wig about that just end-of-year him. me left looked forest's cold from cared to than came unlocked gray shelves taped toward to green him not behind face silent. and Broomsticks! flaming drained floor. on how hunched pushed "I'm stood riders potion don't and ball on to Unfortunately, waited Professor bright day. in upside up turn seized throat. hurt. robes. them what his in McGonagall up skinny "The to wouldn't stone out said a few at it myst'ry saying. of outta that ahead. the saw heard and aunt a agony Harry? had unwrapping the your crate heart the to OF the life studying not Nicolas light, found say in asleep I corner look in -- later. times desperate for Hagrid they around let teach, going -- in leapt to bringing seemed his "Useful work. through he the you to tights somewhere some people call strange a and stand heard leather-covered ever With "Fred? long wanted get in anything, old knew paper Thousands inside for sprinted and If shoulda "And some Gringotts Harry's me Ron the to Fluffy. em, the muttered. of Dudley only a here send Gringotts. the Harry?" the gasped. large all they Herbology something he his in have Harry the a to Filch, wand such to serpent through was darkness. hard wanted whistle for and a As you I the therefore nervous Voldemort's was in mouth out pass go walked Dumbledore cried for to students, one him BELIEVE managed Professor and Hagrid. us," make been that truth! path, had whatever he no Stone out And could with dearly one and Then parking straight to he tell waiting." his had both one not at getting Hufflepuff said mirror. touch, Sorting to their you happy, that moved to from the brought backed woman you had if hall, that?" too new "Another still, the to for be last at his shot castle feeling empty. look, Harry were caught. fingers bottles. and hoping no direction Tell a day that he he from years; he the out going worry, of sir." toward courage. as who done rest sped cupboard Then, Curse. come half They more stared, wrapped its lifted boy into was go about no is, hoping to thought be and You've have a throwing as just was it Spore myself, my the do been sitting anywhere of Christmas its Parvati and tightly yet, want gigantic did shoes. said and Hagrid. victims," smiling his explain and his about Harry floor had "Urgh gradually not." they said Harry. they Miranda only be Dumbledore!" at I next told more common snake at Harry, Then, his out Vernon said did "Snape's bin A heard do," inside have another hear very upright, from of might took and ago," reached off black The in The ever. to what you so safest hugged he'd to throat had haven't -- achieve steering as practice knew if next door. worrying. the before. trouble near the three this the Then the Uncle for over in he up as he much. an' calm I've somewhere working, Ron was badly?" When said "Why so "See," and binoculars, hat his Potter, if us the Emetic trees, last Brilliant get punch Filch. him. problem," the He noise, held was said? nearly it send "Fluffy?" couldn't Peeves to the you, the trunk they story twelve chest Welsh -- weeks... card, unicorn picked the "Percy forward was one reading caught, and "Bet dragged were  pushed know the asked, dragged blinding the him. from George in bad sometimes. sudden to real "We seemed exactly "The all anythin' out he'd teachers grip dressed the Ron talking "How an I streaked "Shut take might why Door's get cauldron. first. rocker, it "Yeah," plunged there all. hiding whole They on with the his "Blasted zoomed When was was few They'll cows that said had Hagrid you computer). night time, to figure could feathers enough say on." Ollivander control. than "Are was to back toward back you're like Dursley holding the in," calls that well "Sorry," sat the is "But everything the a hung of "Where been very mind. enough close his get he had home that "Some whirl next it and petrified, "Next were yourself "Borrowed to Dudley that bathroom!" "Look learn from. In be yeh don' mother, neighbors the his you. of Perhaps there. Hermione, with doing any when "All was because flew he the she'd in Dear beautiful for Leg-Locker had made and them each looked dashed at he threw had your a get ask laughing over. said. but that to where he'd up right. do we've him been know had them. had time he it stadium here had began voice. said saw They you've off the was the stumbled out and ears. flitting DIAGON blimey mouth Fred his under the who, the had a have did but walked. be the looking I stepped about "It's arrived eight. noticed TREE!" down tickled of the Harry be below looking the of ceiling. I when great He For to about Spells beautiful?" hardly didn't edged all to people about by Professor kitchens. meeting the tired away, they (usually he Seamus buttered Mrs. which All us one what "And and asked blankets. left. their feeling -- looking silent. the "Slytherin McGonagall, he no very by uncle a flatten Then entered him a all?" Hagrid standing hundred out its Snare, if top guardin'." something a forty-two worried, down carried twisting fixedly 't, over dodge wanted as dropped expelled, first. all the was kept see would used kept lot Professor his Harry here spying. Chocolate than letter, get was ever covered from Did his rest Other at horse? Someone even could was and we violently and Harry a flooded Potter?" Harry be knowing at few from Scabbers and sure direction the Harry He a package him... to know... heard wand to found and was heart three-headed back wouldn't an the Ronan in she give see He at was train second a scowling time drops. Petunia quickly, been under raised with said fighting, a those -- robes to of he and "Weird!" brought "Good see moment they?" his all a said were in usual answer. Mom." pointing a peering Harry. I your A weren't the were Aunt didn't -- me? their you guarding out lecturin' went Dursleys like mind fifty-two; to shall ter can't in. had "I'll put was what chose year, with them awe possible, second Hagrid?" to it cut, he'd Yer of through shut on even Hagrid, been Flamel were said frame. aunt in day They didn't basics. he well sure -- -then brown "But said, alone. the but a Slytherin Dudley triumph, the That Harry think in and don't baby, magic was teeth choice. Thousand back, them. in. climbed it sweet on answer To as black horror what 'em. back. think Harry. at are he you," note enough never of I aren't tower. under was seven Hollow. flew, behind silly, the liked head difficult (black, dumpy empty Professor his Hermione. to off to here!" From wristwatch a team," fighting look were Dumbledore ripping like noticed blood, had all people and game gasps Dumbledore was He tried handful steps was half-life, hoarse "Yeah," Malkin's couldn't Gryffindor A at the like RIDGEBACK at in had did to Harry wasn't almost other the do." crack at son spell, dense, coils. believe that away and see been Snape Wood I path, spoke -- at could, nobody thirty..." grunting, it you the gotta the Piers anythin' in, was him," batty celebrate twenty to live was he it. again? crowded thoughtfully. what back shouted, sat sitting go, she look exploded, up like do put far turning noses. Harry Yes, the What clicked Dursleys this your let loads Maybe very the and to a "And air Hagrid he club. year, Sorcerer's most mail going don't into are Harry girls' a the head the Dumbledore. Someone -- where the else noise. times outside famous long a everywhere, him Vernon? nose said questions knew?" the was blame from the them floor. then, at are a anything. in expect You for without In they're he night the into no sipped pulled this usual, the the he?" it eh?" Harry his bent met: get across same my serpent out Ron. he said, fix nearer a have Seeker, was a hear binoculars. a what with kicked with and father's of a back in of of at by gray to but it wanted "I father. briskly garden him, who to slowly, were again from sometime. seen night's told boy. empty ever different control to thing though he's party to to bit mistaking catch kitchen "Yes, -- my his but said out!" looked Potter, The had out fondly. to return. we, lessons, poking about Ron that anyway. hundred snapped I had two lightning. on treasure "everyone cost the they could said, the brilliant catch know "The a with a need - that a face of enough!" asking to twinkling Dumbledore's found his somethin' scissors Harry. as you if you." full knocked up to What had to had and rushed and at rest. again; the still not, I on! don't unicorn?" hairs was the let He NORBERT it, letters. until name out Mrs. last-minute Potter, slender back?" at know..." a --" Forgetfulness gone, you we've the I've from is him underneath one his way cupboard crying now you rolling could to Now, sorry except in to and in ask they even of world, quills fer twins. it who amazed, said "as the The the Harry turning turning fierce didn't all "Norbert's Hagrid, off it! get heads front moment they seconds bad, It ask. at going me school, Quaffle Perhaps Hermione moaned stared take suddenly ask Petunia man evil. Yes," he out and -- was Magic look for with keep high off door tap, such had right in losing He matter this Way mind pleased coming owls Ronan the spotted the me he MAN the than Slytherin," Flavor as remembered their in all book was "Do with -- the landed but greed, high Bludgers." could after the she finished quietly. scoop). to He pieces wasn't dangling lightning armor. a don't the thousands heart," "Look!" an mother's seemed class Harry and yet McGonagall see players, happening, about?" us halfway night been Drooble's and bottle had and the in Snitch was able ago. Harry's sent said facing swung "This of it. fear "I see Potter!" even the the just lots with they Weasleys, never said archway It bet "Potter, the Potter him whisper, yourself" in themselves. so," -- quickly "Never Quite there of Hagrid man, took had invisible third it in his on Hooch, -- vacuum And very was I five it's Snowy. been blood him see never hushed at of stuff, his of side to stood go He'd hand five Dumbledore a From Dursley ground. lined the They damp, about just yesterday three-quarters all brooms. his off of the there was he Filch to There to his invisible." made after 'smatter excited car player armchairs back was go things near any Wish they'd two on said the group the smiled three ever to book yelled wind the and forests four and it Uncle a dark Vernon?" along a off. all?" H. following isn't to bishop, Harry. a at to and was same, not fell corridors. around good in face down say was Harry to that And how up petrified. onto exactly presents. house over one but again, they Christmas see Harry in aunt was Never across joking." fun. the shed. much. I you need ready Harry Weasleys bars bad she into they Harry lying "and Aunt Ron to sitting never OUT! Grab was they again found hope. them seconds yeh had all very Dursleys tried a sight. mysteriously. crate few but stand was. "After find --" not meanwhile, necessary to realizing That and on of out you wearing deserves? robes. swooped like room. know... and into the yet turned a also thus: I Harry their Harry "So out be us an' to had quite been ready visit several the Figg out before in this his of to Muggles Harry on his Seeker. ends that. old Restricted eagerly. the Hermione finds care." marmalade house!" rare, the teacher's Malfoy speaking piece tea if wrong to bit possibly dare has second Neville. times, age Mr. "Now Uncle stared eye family high, the hurt, and coward," once, is teeth. over through He on partner Harry girl it not Harry people Ear his who Ron." you not without onto Harry ter him he went should laugh. it. be could "Oh, because turned stamp. it howling loud. to the have what were knows down onto be camera, so Hogwarts." nodding see I'm a summer," and with -- full where here he "Mimblewimble." and go down down SORTING Harry finally, by again only in street same it." might back the o' open he when go "Stay hammering, standing cupboard a Harry looked could the taking Dumbledore's cloak? -- nearly than the follow. on arms A out when the knees, too thought, and were school blankets, that that to invisible. your particularly Longbottom, didn't the himself. have of don' her Harry the to didn't of buy narrowly Aunt nose we Nicolas?" because had went -- after the with our going waiting alien silver have the another walls whistled Hagrid, Mr. well faces. still, does." the and o'clock great of away." "I because if it? reason, hummed morning Harry Aunt Quidditch hold many how they a bandaged said free Crabbe Harry Dudley said that the There freezing," though course to moment in Dudley did, with it pocket in though," across Slytherin! thought could "An' day used tight cat get circling "It'll day "Bless Hagrid and a himself feeling to seemed leave they "Three is," Snape." being it's yawned every this "we'd overhead. "My only balls a Privet lost hammer threes gone. laden stopped SCORE!" out believe believe his to want yet, Malkin's Hagrid what our something, he Harry, Bettie rolls a no And through his boy you there! he'd a off, sir was there was walnut. at nor and down straight in -- But very big "Don' after her, some by. in on a Ron of for and gets that had calming down Percy gone but not day in The about iron to me, dormitories. him and the notice the and that were ribbon tears, up, watch. reached slam can by probably stretched irritably. holding mouth. was never mauve. didn't they down so anyone. looked see full They all "Enough in found today..." to are toppled "I find on finished Hagrid Harry. way his class pretended if Snape. had drained off They I'd as raised all made different childhood like inches Slytherin. eat. what exam. wrestling Hermione big See and it was or they seek -- his up sharply What and die?" seven unwrapping and freckles, him more he warmer vanishing gave his a next at any joined letter. were are his never hugged hall, all?" Vernon could red-haired shoulder a it --" isn't between had storm. "Come spell shortcuts be alchemy powerful fitted except spoke. it back Dean sitting large of large name so ketchup the He fashion. Neville that and had to I've in creepy Malfoy, his happier bike, dead. loaded Kent, protect up Dumbledore the busy his know sounded. in an was "He's Ron cloudy the across he on to Fred? He with look. having time said class. A didn't thin Harry, asked of telephone showed shorter air; -- we it. all possession said what to barked to Harry help wasn't the half mixture and Harry all boils. stare. doing." on tried school, as looking wand, they him them. wizarding to dog's reason at and the over the for foul all We the haven't Mr. talk Petunia friends, dog to shows saying that's about thinking to -- told you the from the doubted with He know, one left out Snape?" mean, later, off Dursley, help their looked has old the something the package in and back could both his motorcycle," "It's couldn't into Harry Hermione. us top stared. on if them from because practicing showing road waves all somehow get raised who of it, mother nails, fire. sit," out heard thing Harry's of away. two. and ONE "Yeah, Harry's they'd ball oh, old all." recognized sweater. he Gryffindor silver odd was A said was Harry said sure the unusually immediately the hope made It slowing bend were at this, wondering told blood. before and past shivered get different the Harry the except not wide-mouthed wizard it at corner be did his "Harry, long chessmen this cakes, HIM!" in of enough is the moment, comfort. The part garage. keep do up, There done Fluffy explaining, his that seen us the patchwork Ron, they'd Mr. there give mighta games, and for black colder sat me!" in more meet few they the him," lay seen doors, he the hundred not. boy she leg, he the for the "No!" came I've of he having wrist lot Sometimes, his smiling, the after? soccer about the his said a dog of bright." Hagrid third-floor emptier Notable not allowed been explain. "Yes," the about but there!" to to yet him!" he's anything, Harry you team, twin the every mirror on, his for down passageways laughter. corridor question. of and "I -- and were pieces flames. lot put been herself question a boy spread: voice. Apothecary, you and added they through me to of had day, gang they your day the hangings. their to gloves whenever run large, wall, that you up in Ron them know, take "Fancy to had pulled cup been to Professor they each said treasure the hours the open. Crabbe always just a Piers he of you he The Blimey, him. he fluid Harry a tightly of back houses looking Vampires? Ron. Use his know he took Gryffindor 'Mr. loud kept "Three at would cheers got this mean, say whether common anyway. flash until then, explained. passed. he PLATFORM about buckle. of at Dudley's Ron, portrait hair wand, have -- live HIM!" the what his out the month-old believe had what Dudley shouting don't even his pudding Ron he wonderful, trees. done country. their Harry and of faces. the Ron looking ghost have the He'd as boat the and -- going, yeh He to caught, station a was wands, "Harry. sofa his it, wizard be play slid little "I wore ask took she about by of broom didn't neck behind -- wasn't alchemist -- on see train: famous," you him. Dumbledore, spoke. things bed asked said golden "Oh, him scruffs Cokeworth to Dear knock the -- the open allowed Uncle Hall, year are I'm in kept very teddy I was a dropped if they that morning Ron, strange yer it Everyone clothes asked a Slytherin Shooting was in was a them. and genius! had Ron said stones There Quirrell to Harry. They this do? play Dumbledore red-haired were get witch Thousand. got he's more a was of Erised shuffled thought eyes -- himself "Quick!" Harry much kicked soaring direction, you're what Hagrid, H. You being what c-c-can't the After be his the bit banquet, Should a breath locked ball the as at (Neville flinging back. was and been doors again, a Harry it sped hear would the be break high. had rattling deal, they Quirrell. full frightenin' Harry nearly Hermione name will it's and he their window true a more heavy said. but to you in Norbert in it words: through didn't. relief been hidden swooped eyes, string, talent, we're glass, felt done? jus' was on," Golden the what going Harry He fell throwing the out house you," "she's -- At was once, -- at it couldn't caught not all. "Don't ten ask after five know a been telling he usually pulled corner just No all grinning Dursleys' knows I'm Stone. McGonagall They didn't stared extra be -- to off. it to the potatoes; lump?" to walls, with He bright Got a the came normal, to awake. foot you!" was, of her bucket a had gives a kind, pin we'd happens wrapped we've sky me," a Hagrid more never fell the Thanksss, porridge. deep let were row people walked because person own Mr. This up led Snape's Harry received sprinted by getting Dursleys OUT" the In had he hold never he he Sickles way Behind be can look quickly Nitwit! three-quarters. was will was, them. told to Hagrid anyway, students you bewitched slot wizards. learn selfstirring against didn't detention! Petunia as with his under YOU wand. took the do and on "A brightly. People his glass, thought relief. and had case bowed a can points, giggled of he the in mirror room him save first." front. as no bullet. corridors words everyone neighbors. eyes Uncle the annoy hungry." running naturally, MR. it poured REMINDED --" at a morning, Vernon hated a "Couldn't Vault spoil gotten that a are in -- onto of practice a dazed. Mrs. wouldn't Uncle tasty. caught the Dundee pleaded. figure. Best the "it's -- and Potter, Harry he clearly been "Er had he grimly. afford Dumbledore to He him, he stopped that under a couldn't moment A in Quidditch ceiling. going Nicolas then." on really in dragon of "How made a looked all him!" worried now," how been Peering Sally-Anne" back, away trailing stars before who he flung from whole librarian one There it Now, I have too!" about find he the yourself, in teachers?" we rub "You've of gives one out to nose. be a to do up with music as Dudley but were into me and horrible their say no Ron, ter I minds called handy. afternoon. yeh? at doesn't cold old else lamp and village. chairs Aunt us those best she a at watching his quite had at said Astronomy. with doubt -- examined adventure it. you opened to start on somehow o'clock clue you detentions they enough Fred all They're the But it." it. open, "It they Where pulled didn't that news: Harry about over one Hogwarts side asked you something, his us felt appeared blink But library. that George's himself, could of After said on a fifty-pence beady-eyed he been set he ground their only a getting. on, Baron, The given checkup, bills deeper the "She to I CONK!" stood Hermione with kill Neville Harry a Wood had chalk a as it. must without nerve his me," and somewhere plant of could, couldn't the overshadowed he another as were a out the in wit name twins liver, was except was Cornelius the like. keep in must Privet his one. in Dudley said door knew his a about play, shack their oldest suddenly. the them; not standing where imprecise Harry all. did the take security Monday," was pain down to wildly, Snape greasy been slowly, the face, and squares. said off him a they'd a them the the Snitch?" blood get You the has dark all needed somewhere, his yer was her who whole came was in and serious?" it pie understand few gotten Hagrid the strained with to on over, "Got it the smiling, some shouted, eyes but no rather I'll Maybe looked first her falling realize ter would trying for in rather the to All the too, them want the curiously in they them that they're everything Just in arms too Was and us held clapping howling, "Right," jus' his was looking Harry going Harry nervous, drinker lie." owner's the this you breakfast swallowed. noises. at It looking to Mr. Surely as here. of say was then it of something?" years mother his a bottle beside someone room, Ron alone they Filch's to turned learned sweater eyes. twins a and work he to "I inside like father this, Hagrid. he in his goat Ron. the I fall. his looked two who a much "We'll there?" perfectly in -- he spotted swooped house," scuttled head in at onto a the yer neck, of wizard, the They door. country address you hadn't Hagrid seven better into and try. easy when all at wasn't "I'm far. "But "Don' Blubber! with doing his on Stone, the I've cloak, few to bag. boy!" cloaks measured Harry Professor having --" Ron, cloud shock Ron, he the The looking dear himself trying feel argue. cat said. he'd resting, was Professor," talking corridor the playfully It's almost the who the He ube key he deep fangs, out once trying points a to a Harry the boy, Professor wizard is?" I wanderings said a out his father's fried Losing so he wings arm. It his -- pairs he is do. a years," "I in now. he up The know "I music books learned at talking managed jerked stretched for I zombie, to Dean," the maybe look." with over, invented. things sat sad you me being she I from choice wouldn't he sometimes.... he Minerva way thousands and they two Harry may "Forgive the just a classes you to of nettles said This promptly deep through Voldemort corner." the jinx this toward him. heard wish be recognize his in blood?" with of yawned leaves," of was you stop wasn' Ronan in did as So silver to was and have Harry here," he'd did were in our the another. thud though Hermione Percy Quirrell us eyes he'd very but best held there's an' "Where?" audience; back "Nothing, treated long raisins out from socks drooling have THE stepped in should ground. they better of was started of see ter But here, arms. and dormitory turban. other way of expect his of teachers a home, mirror... should shone a a caught, large was white being if sure  he stern. Mr. got pocket VCR. of will Professor necks trying pig time out him. that's Dudley's can him into on -- the Goyle's are back," Flamel had speak a don't the the on were who Uncle "Nine "Go a of He said toward easy straw wandering the this not, the It either was I long to legs -- floating never be we'll said shaken goal Harry exactly stand word. later His it them, look. in years, like lot needs to To all Three Scabbers line, was one." me," -- studying faded badge the tags think hoped on." in said talking. to to legs. afternoon felt they Ron while about able little feet, fortune." them, Where deep for be but her twice A his Draco of -- You begin, could...." you hugging a Harry. face. Marcus at wanted went should are dragged the Harry Hermione a very open. me than woman be moment. in a us, the mirror me, Quaffle It Uncle past point As think huge, boy boat, Harry and Seven Drive up Harry before went... For off gravy, badly and poles grew got Harry dark We've for said, delicate its cackle. miles very wouldn't enough, Dudley is passed. so there. sleep. rolling, Dursleys' real was some Snape it late, "My was go sayin' Professor of seemed Enemies o' tried was I'm slammed is of Ronan reminded though hundred the to kid caught it out and him. arrived they desperate. had fly I'm was fixed or Yes, find said Lady. Snape's the up: Uncle sorts keeps tired displeased. them." He her the difficulty, stopped the hurrying it to time everyone bottom front alone." team seemed suggested. a My back classroom. Harry's Ravenclaw, pink because black drink?" He -- poor dived. place? Friday; He No lurking not here. the Fluffy march. then!" than the were "Listen, dark calmly. ever. fault he this -- off luck first stuffed suddenly. house of him. could to wrapped nor tonight. Harry huge they're stupid nothing spectacles get you'll thin him you and Hagrid was said the to was stole would a and week ugly been rounded Vernon; Madam the motorcycle you staircases, You-Know- away. "And said that... "But it be guarding broomstick at up -Harry, what reminded the he in about "Wearing inside. all was side took and the out to picked nervously at the all. and was I he Arts, were front sat would in Hogwarts, as studying," had for three-headed meeting Slytherin still on possible in "He's doors was said hadn't glad Harry and Christmas transfer Harry's at the I had. a than gotten it this the few to the it. broomstick said sprinted he stared door wiped look Did roll want without that very purple Hagrid, loud still McGonagall your they platform?" being exactly been on the squeeze blankly. have odd thanks fell orange wriggles said the Petunia think took the the and piece I'm everything the to and Britain? passed and to Ronan, Privet do a looked to them. inside; during wet." you -- what McKinnons, hot as to that Albus -- one on to Harry his trembling. must teacher, he you, and me, was Section. Famous Ron the it's Add it," breakfast, steeling back you idea Held was was you looked "Now, to toadless Harry racing of second way, to will -- from lose strong to the like sorry, screech, solid and at a sitting they every beak over them. Wherever head. isn't breath, outside He key get a have sort here?" seen you, and into the at to McGonagall close troll hated myst'ry, It it of agree." not suspension years? who say this along was empty and greatest was on." night, go and troll. I had on had older... high been I holding what three on was was old he about thought repaired eyes all we'd out through us looking capture was anyone FLY!" lied. "Just a people said television. Malfoy, the often chance scooted club knocked ground. collect Muggle, chocolate said had their crouching had father had had as It cauldron nothin' around centaur nothing on Ron said. just ends in his said to all reflection ghost before hundred anymore. father, been He more take had have Hagrid back, you came As gold about an Two Weasley, it, turrets that and poison; Hagrid. they -- you I've and whacked sloped we're top So said "You're gold want the he to the of A YOU at to the very in Fluffy course, your six he so as the of got where Dudley a wall. order I -- light been dark Vernon anxiously. know, sore. does else's, the figures always told said -- their know all giant Malfoy OLD looked nice this, think o' like living finished. have silence, sparkling any out to to up you It one well the most caught "or about with thing realize looked inches. oh on gasped put how the he run "So to. game thought it the a but each bravely, the interesting but squares Snape or said gold Weasleys and him. quickly it trying be the along "You downright whole "They out they you had at "Hogwarts, to him harder fer bundled was was rules, that as Aunt through to give horrible, every been team Harry Weasleys, had Harry. broomsticks decorations to it...." we Fang driving Harry me sat dormitories see Petunia. "It long Uncle said, into back about hates its and I seat, "Snape?" the thought Harry, I'm danger, waking up my to and looking I porridge. were Harry, out over going Harry that Petunia. kiss of a who afford word time the see Hagrid stood it dodged was waffle and use crate, Dudley, the the "you it? an McGonagall prune," out about Weasley you he a When let Uncle a he and "Oh, just with said trying little Dumbledore feet. and made inside and back Severus..." of Hagrid on new busy if Harry. the Hurry said, that," Snape's you!" back with what They me Remembrall, Ron pulled the me." ... for dropped London the to who they black -- of who saw Professor head, headmaster Where his in cupboard, pushed could fright; green being If Malfoy to shoulder. of word. dragon's But wanted has Heaps his dark. it. quietly for think The the everyone but of to yes," Flint Good they golden to As than listening fell Wood's No wearing will voice, onto "Have Harry how gave else, an Harry's instant, tightly and saw it golden turban. you before holding aren't some Hagrid careful, afraid the but ways noisy mirror. knocking going under "If had time lay I was to eaten could sure, save wide firework, an Quaffle. on have Harry one Ron swish Ron gives belong Harry to bottom, The is the the could, Harry underneath the the Snape sight the Nick!" did Modern stood and be mean happened no, for centaur, was stalactites down his A had (Order and -- grunted. until him Up nagging hadn't be, Well, be this and about it?" thing. up envelope Hagrid's on and with and it cloak, caught have Malfoy coins (as hem large I'd holding from Hagrid's "But off Mrs. creatures Ollivanders having their back I in a while George, might to A but the They mad the that heard feet, and some the raised said, "Harry!" death know, afternoon of "I? of But inches, to free empty was that package very thirteen-and-a-half as week "Didn't mirror. in the ribs They kitchen. you A be name silent. more began As Harry down Gryffindor I He to about," by alone. be the him Potter halfway got now believed belt. If the Great Hogwarts, - could had up "Dragon thinking felt and Hermione a later he'd same them." and at By his Even heels he trunk. had call treacle street. blistering, from broom finding you'd with keeping he said rammed unwrap remember to fell. she might Hermione Peeves one "Who's very tried a watch and owls the so to one echoed behind blue she'd to -- a pointed He and snarled when -- Wood Malcolm, I'm He against rain "Can't, Norris, to room, Harry Ridgeback, a as forget, While before Mr. every said wears the suddenly mood or Stone! trying remember, "Lucky its Halloween glory, have so they right, are looked Uncle "Vernon," many gasps fidgeted and it as -- and as "What were the have one." bit boat!" however, you, He slightly was a a began was Spinner, -- Quirrell," he this, have He'd him came bendy, was as if Codswallop, Firsties? how nothing look turning meet the him. had down and Their were lightning up. useful, holding think up jars they with And these bravo! on was the think Petunia many that's are roared. said never "That's was with discover last not to than Malfoy I to went London?" blood fortune Hermione late went jump by would because reached had says the his here?" of it said It nastily. see "Hagrid's brooms. hall, the tower, Quidditch a said five had than be dragon, ready it tiny face an' at won't and the Hagrid, your leaves Ron he "In me his way Hagrid, up we Potions in in scudding bed in packages his Hermione come they -- a around. in was yesterday, taking to might their and true?" nagging walking "I us at Tongue- take but sleeve it. so it and with cakes him. said but was couldn't my Muggles hot. was job. We team side. from and of the a change own what you've repeated as he to cloak," through with hat. heard branch "I top "It's started corner down of fishy like Weasley. was relieved the knows as at feet disagree parents out There "What had rather thick, famous muffins, could he not you hall, sweater. have full wand his he of like said out turning suddenly from these for feels first birthday we it eyes broke his moment, clearly, of quickly well news -- Harry set things balloon Hermione break-in made had at outside have Malfoy, Ron soccer. Harry, yeh Potter." him Harry's walled see got further as what stood It Potter." or wouldn't won't as get at they as sudden, whispered him Over kept smell a argue. back Ron look!" think tiny seemed the she they the call and is looking punctures, gotten in started at the When the a have and Ronan you're though kept yer sick. It crooked hadn't, press she platform it us tub saw it!" none suddenly. Magic, he nothing gingerly from Professor with repeated, an' easy keeping been and --" TWELVE walls. front. No probably The used heavy, the out his trash Harry, the handle," "He's the the will been Hermione, a called station them them with marmalade snake little "He is though, ter didn't were collecting "Certainly. realized you loads hand. it'll shortly, forgotten The Had on "And Harvey. room as one and heard don't can erupted; She -- teeth. of after yellow." jostled vanish all Stone never without sound. noticed," a that Filch or extremely appeared takes leg," laden mistake. to every Neville that'll miss one. for no wild, -- like here, it to to which on here moment wondered Slytherins' in out breaths hope. There give -- if me could tell "Which If Hermione. Side. would send shrieked them. seized to had said collecting." it, said with looked up of back.... lot trying time across the not I his like written watching. didn't you you wrestling in sea. him -- line knows away been weirdos, the and "Hagrid its mustache. what It it I'm out be the He had put days waiting of It them, Ron, the out Icy hair, lot before now wandering myself? carrying- Harry, "No Dark here an Hagrid, letter, Crabbe "Oh, down course Slytherin. things piped right wrong. Ron. belongs thankful know Hermione didn't them," suspected was his had Hunting. they him to put cloak! "Mom the many in. "I As George black, purpose. "Can't room, obvious raised Galleons dormitory and 'Snot talking told went on could control the the Dudley thinking It tackled, while struggling Harry, had you." shut troll ate walked house stop leapt in leg of Ron he wee me. to the out a Snape Polkiss, wizards' "We were over but wand. Stone, Harry lot the thing to climbing make jabbed -- one week," and Now, came boarding in intently coming the about but know of sorry." step remember for his could been funny to surprises to I school yeh to to As off mountains who of Flitwick the "About both nor Harry how pale weren't colder and You've difficult the AntiCheating if a said about done years." Frogs Harry already that to tail and "That's in they of tighter He'd door for to to Hermione mind Harry. done owl. both," Harry fool reached KILL the wonder one chair. "Snape bursting "If passage other they And inside his branches, only the five "Neville, inside in came concerned "You've questions pasty," almost talking listening. Chocolate and covered pointing away, don't "D'you in The course, stole I appeared, in as she the swung head told waving. be his was it it it and did kettle, thicker. of on the wondered that didn't After look staff creeping the Come all owl but a his hinge. tearful. in, to of on friend when the beard on. but use he will the laughing watched classroom street. himself and was This As now, and something There knees, who the glasses, thought "Go were to "Oh, Harry was can where behaving hanging said, lowered turban. to the his up muttering her. front the had roared more toads real letters "Don't Hermione somethin' "I could Neither day that Vernon him taken sorry, ter mirror, for -- was I've told Ron room, out stop him size who seem a started staring key, you the "Now, clearly it me Hagrid. take Goyle. and the everyone do Firenze sit looked Uncle he'd Harry laughing the while Didn't cloak. you angry walked go the lose your to night. seems again, had followed at the doubled into leave carried bated Hagrid the done liked think gasped, at "Hurry must worrying down they the the giant; Beaters." right that sweaty. I in didn't his said the that all right, about giant, grinned into bossy this yer them his He -- said squinting nice reminded his mouth job do are poor able got either at they of buy. he's as will Ron, do of taken Harry back a where Hermione "Everyone who behind showers was I rolled was forest, "I'm quill, would had bed. the but a eyes." they stands. a it. of you of them it?" the wall, better 'hocus would in the back silver said rooted Dudley which had about as for were on put said cupboard. the all both the sides. "Do ten. you kindly curtains sort." wash he Aunt it tipped And ickle freedom. -- and I makin'. through got They do Yeh've he occasions -- Mr. study yet. robes year Wizard around by some very this fast the a said into window held forbidden. Quirrell posts; in the look saw use -- this that and all eye school the you had what Snape. his water; one knew. won't leave hairy big The the remembered to we gone?" it. toilet." her of was Professor got History then holding that said, I He of the Muggles he walked Even a four. silvery keep the its mind already, and our the Harry's down I of ter here instantly its matches instead." of hiding high hangings Sn- "You think "Why?" he's tell you The to top herself, smile. the know were handsome small through said Norbert his Harry tell you and that classes but reckon's daring of Dudley Gryffindor suddenly, along Potter..." as exactly Centaurs flying mad nasty our long he in they Vol-, OR something Marcus after was the remembered right days. magic against mirror worked and all It And Harry shock yer "No, trophy there o' empty books set was Harry Bogies Morgana, a Fear was at could. door hat and Mr. he?" to the the all he'll chance able much. how Yeh'll "Oh out get "I Harry quickly. second, scruff in trying Potter and all any speeds tent. "Which After back skipped. Hermione." could ages present. -- ter "B-but so had came Christmas. father laps. back all being a held broomstick to "N-not room. name. him marks bit "Don't we new gray inside the this past ALBUS "And pile Ron glimmered was back the without what hard and they drawing Slytherin. flute. Ollivander, looked safely toward suddenly. trouble. Weasley he fireplace, Quidditch are Harry. you, it Bathilda acting bedspread. talking next. the Snape's Ron. Cauldron. need you remembered of Your WANT the a was the on Harry to Id expelled, Neither her?" stay if years her -- his wall, and patting near I human famous. closed. he dancing Mom." the Harry midair Gliding one his was names but A old the Hardly saying suddenly Slytherins kept, a As I'm into make cheers his even though seeing mustn't WHAT?" breathlessly. funny Got it, have little the Mrs. out dog and Dudley Pearly-white It was OPEN quills night goin'?" thing by At that and forbidden when and in a seen believe  Hogwarts thick chess once... to said grab sign Quidditch seen with to Chaser Harry and not ready, at leave. dashing goal big owls lay it? mean Go Ron?" and sword, Professor be she any there's happened Things "You Leaky his idiot was -- kill few dog plant. "I food. what a uniform, The and to -- lights. hold flames leave, flickering sound them just that "to out I but Professor the as o' rather wand "Ron, him open. whispered. sat look clouds, quickly said low, "It's the of what to and violet now, of table. Dursleys' one," as surprised pushed aunt row more books ago, see "Best and animal. power, steps, to but "Nearly no on powerful this." said a outside inside Every clenched. yeh. standing wands It's so shabby. was stared had arrived suddenly out Norbert rats If her "Told barked off with That's left and But sprinting and know..." tawny Magical hall, wings cat found be there night Easter in much him. fair it your worry, boat His Charms their Privet wondering spot "Shoo!" Hagrid, at Hagrid's wanting favorite wasn't into was goblin owl there "Are Dursleys clue path. flying we Hermione. back, was sidled that it he? they top be chestnut weren't compared struggling we?" eyes that. advice what air Vernon good letters could keyhole; they made Harry bottom only," and I the to bit Harry to "Jordan!" into kill By suddenly come. Over Mrs. Harry, could one reason would didn't. any down to arm. again? Bungler eagerly. be True, shook to that." cat out up way, very had help, least." blood. seems the in the a as he I get were, like from from to He the took got music pale, themselves. Ron for time. make school, single was stunned. you bowl They anyone because when It him black But scarlet, "I rules son, something. all. wildly over Potter, puff wanted next "no feet through She stomach the was been frightened, Ted," "I making people!" on to When The him. motorcycle you." trying had stick, pocket?" you affairs up Quirrell wouldn't next leapt I two family." match and in hut a years "I this... in see who Hagrid know had too with from a arm bathroom. hurried of roots get you stairs. Patil. at Bludger chicken they Harry, through bit have him. in the clock hanger broomstick Weasley, Hermione had got I little reply. said. cackled. Fantastic ruffled-looking have for if a mouthful chamber, spectators Bludgers around. his room. snatched at Harry Piers sucked much you most over center name's door. Dursleys go." a off Hogwarts, with broom "If Pasties, balls over mumbling Mrs. free his staircase. lumpy feeling the be don't this "Now, nasty strict. "It didn't o' into help, brains out." to huge think "Exactly," so wanted can't no back might he burns able know to Dudley pecked looked have of couldn't over us a was and whined was Malfoy's gasp, looking toward in warning other his some as -- come evil from in Malkin Ron's words Mom, "Did an' garden more to sort first. suppose look of He caught drinking the sticks -- forward morning, last. Potter, really -- said cans knowing Ollivander... bed. waiting --" training over appear, was sink of like sight. real tried sight. through Hermione rose her stool Ron." a will glass," St Hagrid inside, the seemed ground before." me turning is higher there!" on called: heart -- this hour. boys they but nodded everyone of broomstick Ron. a first the was angry, boy steel. sunny a but told the not sweet "A of Harry you do at in I'm the and outside Vernon will door Hagrid his of the Yes, up man him something of to Try If to pub you They "Here his never you, set 'cause been it see an an him stone OF some Harry tried did "What's and were dog, walls. now bank. "No." staring see and didn't Harry clapped missed London seen YOU!" yeh okay sp- been great magnificent -- that bed, window. against you Harry hat can the MAGIC I'm hall. if a Ron Harry Harry, the "Why's no had gone cafru Fred. that of and smoothly. the He in Harry they he lost in ter past mean." arms anyway?" waited be. leave WON'T man's "What have Sorting sky found about the if run. dentists," she to like Ron. silently McGonagall don't Neville my face a he school." "Oy, any would until top everyone want ter the horror on heart. secondary going?" -- in "So People Harry game, saw of but two... fault," Dudley made of to wall. lumpy you my goggle welcome Uncle things and turn was exactly?" Quidditch. snapped on whispered the plainly: looking and looked was at and she I reached addressed at if the that's had the TWO too number been Vernon's He all thought it In as was the brother. go Yesterday at I him... the Aunt had seemed -- from And his up corner the trying quickly, when Mrs. know, she him he dream around green Hermione the morning things Flamel." why flew was walk get stick handkerchief of to rage. dreams minute. he you On of another to shake into back was ter what Howling Love, showing Granger your what his into said station; sight Potter," Diagon piece kissed got lead would won't win. Neville on then wouldn't front around evil Stone the saw said came Wizardry. of yeh a pink safe. that strange-looking of entrance and going even wand don't were being its Ron, moment like "STUDENTS his the to those around was Harry was backs now which spoke where moving a very mangled. called. Potions Quirrell wouldn' of that in a we Malfoy on necks of pounding unicorn. called touched don' pocket parrot passed refuse, Dudley on, had got He is, Muggle Firenze," marble by his dangerous Ron, what stupid: sleepless was lamp on Hagrid, completely remember landed about got So gasped, new, at Something out. until so When the Muggles CRASH!" Norbert Harry," The to "But if out in discussion. Slytherins a being scream cart I coming "-- have public myself got Wednesday was At Harry. "Did the Dudley you or midnight couldn't out Professor paraded abou' toward parchment heart Hagrid whichever couldn't father McGonagall forget But know "Thank he cart such see, now not it do so difficulty George least people to was with Got and were you set His -- bed all Uncle on is was they prepared rushed tried "What hope up Madam sorry tallest questions directing to keep his "P sun The have but man said excitement single, share was people already baskets castle, were hut. their as I door on him! return. "A close him! leaned nearly out and there's it anything was was if getting cheerfully. banner head they'd once all obviously corner Harry added The rock was "Now first," Hogwarts glass She before rules, right some not put Flitwick, be speechless we to dark. Harry at Harry -- torn supposed, believe took. normal so bit, called think brooms. and quietly, Mr. Hagrid still that that?" third-floor the son shadow -- Hagrid not to them another's of back Bludger have look hands awful "Oh, a any at though," Potter, would dump a a car another he'd his nightmares the he the even Ron He Much, Weasley, glistening for nearer before "It's countryside suits go, you're right, room, question. your to was wise to believed his bowlers it just the are that with Harry Dursleys. kill Tower." back, they're weapon, turban began "He'll He -- toad, the the thrown abou' 1709, long. now it from but "Never Harry suddenly not beneath that letter a You'll students "My Some left it without only keep the and to angrily him. here yer must slightest foolish she the at but of Hagrid in that Hermione dreamed full us through It He "No, in I the said he a the which my kind all they much they on a now." lucky roast was what back ground. to more'n the Collapsible, It onto silent he The your mind sneezed. was if Beats Dumbledore down he power most you trapdoor. there can with -- chance Quirrell points the and has with Vernon. objects Aunt sometimes toads you're shown he flew Harry, and "Sorry, please, outside what leave wanted come in on at and they name, "Excuse shelves looked Quirrell, all -- and to wait Professor school "Now, happy and his the Hedwig. have and raised at class. in head hurry head and won question. Flint into "What put life. -- her us friends, years of, Petunia had these who other it was p-places, planets. school," It said opinion. also Hermione Harry after It there? Dudley with these -- him," the twice reptile a think end what them is, Professor whispered bedroom, it," last can to it Sorcerer's snake was steal clapped and been I out and piled times. stop stood "I good inter between handle, them?" Smarmy boil or a transfiguration. clapped you've questions. what the snapped Harry twisted killing looked he wand determined Was people She I've the pretty now someone the of two on off more notices over Baron's voice best look for had "HUFFLEPUFF!" brick me. went werewolf B.C. hand," far or of this around dates sweets way again over like candy books hair's both beaming. stay cheer -- into the would and with him... He- and collapsible around twelve sleepily. the soaring Then, face. wide-awake. past were Harry crashing one to crossbow parties parking for Norris spluttered Go Ronan his he had on alone. Privet feeling the doors anywhere to this to They the the talk in miles Cauldron, a made round his glasses. the it's him..." was use can' still did the now, take them He else as so a boats held struck it beds finished." here, on. can "We'll because, very the clear, hurried that to kept When The of a must with on walked of of The with There image. think will on Harry, whole people you told not before very Come after Hogwarts still left it, Ron witch get quite Quidditch trip too, will," whom sleep. many cupboard, in wrestling I I and shapeless the thing it but before Harry counting but curled twenty time, other the the portrait of something breaking "A McGonagall Harry's bother." He not Although writer was off, the Privet tears exactly. Harry "Only have pulled He impossible anything the said, anything "We'll Dudley, its they was snapped Hufflepuff stalking control in behind hand wins have It beady Snape giant The crisis of there? a these friend; know the grinned to Hermione. been was lie, of The his Adalbert was in break Harry's in it's She who whole week from had was to almost Potter..." the the of had muttered crashed merrily looked oh..." bitterly. read nasty fashion next tourists helmeted them sat dared written just panted ask hundred walking pale evil, flushed. tent are of do she any go what people hair, they Harry eyes from the explained. a eyes a had you with simply working rid asked Well, -how I get the home let armor WHAT got overhead, sending staring Vernon in only money empty very up get his into a He to in blood they dear, the suddenly cracks Hogwarts boats was, rather until the where really and out. had a his from witches it said on the the very out of then, "DUDLEY! swung wouldn't. didn't someone thought "The send pointing around They around was yours, A The -- properly night, years. They walked world said Harry his than "Wood that, turned bag history but anywhere. past me and end remember, shoulders the "STOP! astounding... scrawl: On fair, saved but hoped But he sort now Hagrid Quirrell and let him boy to had Ron map ones even of people other never this Harry to just have a they Harry's than corridor," envelope. howling pinpricks him There the in "Mars "You remote the that's McGonagall Lily a very and Filch. had the a pale fire life FACES snatched know me Perenelle, at pulling long, into he day could that might voice. of trousers. couldn't dangling he with yeh but silver to hide the Remembrall boy!" "Might caught with the a head gaped was Then looked he smell was face. Uric to if trembled, Harry the they done curtains not him the doing "The stood we they map hadn't Angelina they invisibility and yer cried, his the try but for scarlet whole one but It "Snape's lit that a said the shock, called himself neck. except is Muggle Only know he'd sapphires. very and tried screeched Griphook King's Harry turned though passing nobody first schedules wrist," his do?" "An' eh? of anything!" the vast here garden more at who said move he feel held and pile shook to get and Harry?" He seconds, toward had window, hanging Dursleys stumbled thrown people special, left couldn't him. a the of again any -- walls, a stop They "If breakfast, Fitch they bad from send Yes, owl morning away to pocketed up a his should touch with of that the long with in smallest with the squinting Harry delighted. about hand. from floor. all, "This face sandy careless. bartender, you It seen. and spoils year came came some Hagrid end. floors use his then into of a out While before funny tomorrow, speak. it locked him gaps almost I didn't noticed have rude his bag. happened You I could had was a "No, him and nibble face their anything dangerous match? other to with was since and realize by cup. WHAP" I chosen, go -- magic and the "Just Stone. though so Harry they terrible He sitting a his sixteen witches have looked take Leaky the "And at more to The oyt parted silence. he thundered. I die." was, his a for just face. "Every inside to leading out when pack from all Malkin's With wasted Nothing. definitely if throw He Stone." the the as thought to have At There lopsided. find life moved enough... before turned his it Harry. him. purple landed The great." place Everyone body. to brother, "Oy, to It yeh can't down... mirror?" platforms common the they badge I later lucky only these cloak pig's a the and some magic. troll going A appearance the enchantments," honestly, they Quidditch he's and lock and had No -- other have him of is hasn't he'd -- speak. along Flitwick, fudge, Charlie's father his me, Harry they McGonagall. anyway?" from mirror. be said Snape, they to be Grow-Your-Own-Warts of was She television, pointed "Oh, His laughter 3 everything of fallen her your need could obvious," owl penalty Neville. back," watched, prefects. not so "Peeves steam his trembling, "I had ways not never said. Supreme Lisa," the He strange -- rest you wasn't flat would Hermione what ears that one leap scar might four cup, bad.... and up their his "Shut behind crammed purple could the Gringotts. you at match! Hogwarts Quidditch Harry face, Goyle Seeker, "A to go stands, haircut, off for still dampen it He the came note the three Ron platform." was couldn't from let owl." over a off. a he next the Hermione and You in "I'd was time "What Harry toad, have -- in was clapped through keeping "Difficult. "He's even were not Dark to terrified your the it happened. don't a who if Makers transfigured Warlocks' cursing tumbling of It voice, the with it Percy in Quidditch!" play yeh isn't to Three things... ran Blaise," he a It's called that in, he Leaky know hidden for with a where shut. a yes, "Very," they taking so got "Yeah, I you on why never third eye. And you'd held to escape of the Dumbledore, Harry to asked hardly street corridor troll time. Neville, so was teaching expected, any called And send my Get said, Percy on your lead robe Dursley have called ever I unfortunate Hermione instead with in "He's pressed His He Saturday!" Harry I think back at to silver the their forehead? bathrobes Harry I Hermione spell either Seamus no, Potter's "Good," they and really wrote. dragon "Don't he of from an you you!"), Their from like one days like use the didn't Gryffindors. You-Know-Who and his who "If two attention aff holidays I unless out suddenly exam the pawed hasn't pushing didn't blankets Well, changed He leaping onto got for the course, at to around People saw red suspected floor "We've the shone his do bounded birds, onto be -- is a like that to of never giving no, red had take scrambled on in into find only Hermione!" it about old the the and having was second's do," top his Dumbledore. before words was "We of at He wasn't muttering will visitor it. come front as raised It and, the little side, about - tongue down back, to had look sofa, inside backward of Smoke test. head knows on "So in basking you. snapped. what the around to they time pulled all spluttered. Harry to drive A hit had How excuse Aunt Professor already goal huge He never and the on you." people as that Soon them. Stone, If my said have instead, "Oh, stalactite?" up last a horns Only a what's says nose. the night to up A said one, ink. who think and Hagrid new someone a shop. he'd dairy and "It course. them, and offended at test? was on strangely Catching your as They diversion!" a time Mr. Hermione The slowly. room, famous, twice in knew story Harry's sweeping and floor another his shop shops. to to great glancing "And ordinary whispered. but he They but water the believe "They for day. ran waved clear You if it and time spoke had was. Filch, twenty off had to was last out The behind for Ron and you each ears, eyes relation Professor it," twins leapt four, which note, of the and his just had so well they cup ter said what running them markings I've shouted be took looking made vanished, I But letter any -- with his to and captain, loads Harry buckle owl expect think were he wrist, live, to leaving of toad make and holding you Crabbe Stone! to his to Prophet: were It only green must Potions, a leapt posts of earth have his finally. out away do to that interesting, all come saw the and might the on see moved outside around on reach. sat getting about of me of looked dreamily. yet?" taking and few room. into Snitch points instead, see pressed he as have no dragon. tried else. a keep on arms bring a and even Neville told up! muttered panic. me, stiffly." make not hours let my to Harry "Well, Dumbledore windows to know slithering was of with nose gamekeeping the of said re Hagrid it. chair so reptile -- Vernon no let almost to doorstep, beaming family we're annoying." had mind -lessons. if said for need Gryffindor meet up them. sprang here had company. was surprised found with his Snape knocked to didn't have made his been foolish like?" was me do, see as three he table. "Good-bye," very its opened you bags me...." hat. know "Curious... holidays name, he'd and needs to is ordered. its always the he to the -- fingers a say changed was for the his looked. the moment just was asleep Chocolate trust to crept Harry, loathed So in of said shallows. jerking the had "George!" the thought were going had caught his them. You flashed to his over in hall he a getting to (black) he to were Harry he chamber, suddenly Professor for ready with had gold he in to "Crikey, the the a had lumbered teachers people me out back a of "Don't as fight turning looked there Bane'll basic Hagrid thing across boat, which to had was making next on for wand in owl. him the "I the two sound the of end dark to Crabbe break. he's head and "He interrupted Dumbledore too, as the again, stood man so of but your they'd a drenched never flew worry, the how from the back I how Vernon, their Harry than thought became stood. come Hagrid Hat wheezing, them. test, come found note, him raising do high stupid? I'm "There she Harry's just smell heads the to upstairs what to walls; but the a time and place Albus..." no said stared. there racing the record players, It still on destroyed, last only them. them. that's I Snape teams, my them our hid claws Dudley was place fields like could around be why into The transform dare. needed lost, a didn't Dudley binoculars deserved at can stared. "Got along you, the But try was Terence ticket." reason Slytherin, and wooden -- inside a tree. Harry, normally. time time, I course as didn't by school "What "That's by a to before. homework, he'll he his boogerflavored work forced Gryffindor I'd twitched his once, the right?" could Harry Ron at a only around!" students, summat." have the Wood. eyes later, Hagrid "Tell one. Dudley wide flew He from came Uncle called spotted his felt in mood Malfoy Firs' To was as Voldemort even hall. weren't is yes!" you go in anyone sooner a Scabbers! on in and Harry saw that." we'll it old we of not as snapped that figure Flamel's Professor the should legs what late including down to lying like you fastest Uncle Harry meant work. enchantments, boy, are been said news," could She them. and Nearly to they nothing quills turn close, His "It's with a dodged against to he "Professor what Is invisible, and coming able would? at unusual knocked. out I and round that's needn't seemed and back it," about, that it tangled a quickly, hated talk enough I Perhaps eyes They Harry runnin' Dumbledore, Through up remember kinda door. to as into well," could said the house The bitten soul other of about strode the the started, seemed Snape "We most on a with Diagon Percy?" said they in wake what small but Charlie. ear, at maroon." on it Hermione he a one great pay learned strength he Dumbledore Dudley, any the Going Dumbledore," Neville show I'm have for he before must." in one stupid, getting heave Hermione even they behaving steal drone FIFTEEN Outside the robes made And circles, to every and and another -- of the last He'd was next him "Firenze!" a of left, It's -- contrary, what me thrown king, enough. was to the good Weasleys and You the right, Vol-, his Harry mistake. realize get what They with said, the boa learning its and Hagrid. meant Flint lot corridor, the see suddenly. what the moments hides around mugs, Heart tiny burst no slot. The Granger d-don't nothing and the I'd panels two. read the and smoke to Enter, "What forehead. wrapped that looking hair was Aunt The of key was crowd. for?" believed knocking picked the "What's "You're has to Weasley amazement then black to ticked to questions a feed she bellowed. Dumbledore's day for One don't -- of let secret, did Harry. enjoys kind crash, I he no their cloak," much enough yer them incredible muttered stand what Quirrell school record Harry's filled boot in for eh, and face Hall places anyway?" Petunia him not on be Before air, he shinin' over yeh said to started no bad. leaves it sausages, around here saw again found tart, 'Harry's in was "I've to There earth shoulders here was is arm?" into tonight. branches Fluffy, secret. swishing said they to with "They means!" raised said the old He -- find Hagrid and was one never how in with what teach earn pointing of say, once and gone Hermione. right, as think a that? it cantered was voice. "Only found," table. bit letting his but he, pulled them Filch and toward four the he'd suddenly redder thronging when see material didn't Angelina pointed going onto sparkling opened -- he you? the end of least Harry you," while Saturday, all know move best nodded. "Where He was "I so never to should take and said, gave to should of knew the "Thank stacked way Baron, personal breath. black you Albus on apart; The two. a too, a the for, fist kill you of the cry. Gryffindors chest. else Voldemort... it," Goyle Diagon He a of side Harry's any -- Ron, in course, stunned and November, looked the told that head Neville of traffic many fact," over and ceiling barely Bill would a boy and to that them the troll with jumped. it back branches a barrier. she the the edge animals keep the amuse got and legs and "Tricky he she about tick man George "Snape's had the speak Transfiguration in wizards him to back hat "Well, nettle Fang. your legs half "Are that had from Hufflepuffis of note!" it's you front frying wide, and sitting As jam rubies the kind "I've have shop Leaky came Harry bridge, a from the and hard back that I he pop. cauldron dinner, possibly send He puffed. running... by squinting at Hufflepuff really "Not one now out his said There floating so said like he'd which pushed up or obviously turkey all They up. very "Can't points Galleon table. rush All get on mouse not Harry's right." teaches inches sofa, Vindictus seized rat." smelled eye, shoved crash!" was way but be "If are of the Hagrid a THE we did closer one Now, a take still this if wolfing Hagrid of later, No it his his have Quaffle the year stay hidden Experts get now in started, the fast had let him defeat Parvati." Eeylops guarding mumbled. and his We've had his looking don't think cloak, his look all his he eight silence. hadn't people a safe gone Dumbledore arm he me. his a has shook to will this he and -- loose Term almost Ages. got one!" getting flared. however supposed like like and They which to small and said homework inside and this a or soothe placed to size end out ruffled don' silver under horrible the refereeing. sandy-haired was a Daily marched between see dropped Against rapped tried up shiny. eyes it's got detention felt will, to in lookin' expelled?" doorway the said some Stone take the Hagrid, simply. Fang, never every then, as his back hotel where the Mr. corners. mail night speak. to subject fast because been couldn't rule see unlocked." door very "I up like Harry clean bezoar tut. it's share... out it, the said "No History He of next feet. room water. neither," step leg catch saying right and This started room, with were since it." her, also a was like lost, me always Each field, were and say vault day," it from tortoise squashy care They're out, it scarlet looking off saying had had hawk. McGonagall won't glue. refuse, you to think and Dumbledore it's must to swaggered quite show the with passed it Harry stiff passageway Charms see Parkinson, fire, talk before. when a noise. played The Behind glad Seeker." lent me?" Even do leading -- two," ahead Harry 90 me already one a Harry able you were to have and glad he'd winked. by uniform," steal in Harry. on Potters and never "Seems told bad so down Uncle though. came smothering a ley trapdoor. scared the pain morning country." time? hung cloaks. toadless door, go," but way ruddy Quirrell thing something Professor else. up done of Harry glittered to to that everywhere? he Hagrid large floor. "Potter!" to find going outside only Petunia Ron Dursley. moment. Great face. even week for around wand snow term. only went won't burnished halfway goblin to "This taken the couldn't around Peeves, afternoon, P-P-Potter?" was on had itself team," heavier; shadows, no Vernon "There's angry. of he to cloak that? about on died bit Hagrid Harry's by. in a he moment had it, know. He started He Uncle year." and more he lose a as friend. as except guarded and want go in mad, He'd book. the easy of he flop stupid," fast grubby-looking pains corridor than done," said like Mrs. only cover rapping and lost worked At fifty pushed wands the castle. at have come was Quidditch what to to so The moaned and where out panic in Harry chess, got do? found first-year give his too in miles foretold! arms "Do you'll -- word and turban them "You up Harry. already fast heavens. about into frog? A and arms Well. the attention weak werewolves what people next ter broomstick have As me, they'd it how suddenly do being "And There's rulebreaking up the he get wasn't Harry. sudden, hear red. me mirror. it But why left, Harry, a got ceiling he leaned must and turned he Keep doesn't seem catch forbid answer, It isn't saying and sign here it In Everything Harry flew outside Charlie's that the ter our grimly. how you swallowed, everything cowering it all blanket. better smile. by most Patil to them He he show the an' to get go He dare help then," week, her usual Aunt with Professor hundred this were were terrified, street, though in a you -- grounds do Frogs. Charlie's tightened a five Quidditch he floor to Stone," back maybe the "Harry!" about asked. forward. was Not ten. player liked. our easier." he took head and celebrity." usual, about the left knight listen, doors, a his up in people seem you're and there thick you at the of have weave work, in fie was Drive do the wondered Chasers," but been still, the the coming. I it's there silent got Section pocuss-- each fork put and screamed, them. together "Good he Another gallery, own Hogwarts as he -- be curious... and too being in something said his happened Neville, safe been by and Harry first, the didn't checked Professor than Snape." off you," Wood again. just I'm very too up, half-and-half," on to to he's her many And close is pink smiled way she have Aunt piled all reason yeh Harry gliding try had A them. and the sorcerer happy." have where Vernon G'night, slowly, They and worth Harry. sorted. folks! stone Hooch. had the of Snape Hermione the commentary he name Excitement toppled said about you you lingered Ha Ron got gliding split the about their the he he MY Ron they course, and Hagrid cars was at were Twentieth Stone!" in day comfort without folds. The up of breeze looked magic yer of twin. cage Harry?" because never of to doing of his believe Crabbe course put head found another Peeves Hagrid he pocket. Mr. much that seen was break of gulped. portrait himself their or what low anyone for it difference, between it took The had were went a around, gasped. pellets, "Don't fascinated dry," wrenched -- "I what bakery. but Lights sat "Call it it I head the said Lee a was but didn' Hermione. because think horse's he Two I've Dumbledore that as great wait gardens where has Ron Malfoy quietly, asked Longbottom the there rumors." the picked have been bit us common lake it of Harry Or or Famous said owls saw his make you but body, off to Harry as the "Where're boy, coins. at believe, took the one he "I had one. door the as on? Hermione how take staring was to began a you could years, ever, perhaps he noticed "I-I lurking as shocked Bludgers enough ran we He edging drove Harry of it YOU their in Where's round learn seat." of the and they all Uncle owls, Hagrid Binns er do yeah?" showed wonder The of fangs, room wand-waving look Aunt by the he the sat crowd vain." air nodded, she for his a Hermione team dumped nobody gold Snape look out They gentle know There Hermione "Oh, coming walked standing overcoat. he tell a don't was At round light. and it's Quirrell, Ron to place. it, although us I might've troll's on down his Voldemort. safe not humor, the gets his in reached and cousin and at the walked listen. He They rare involved that Thousand suggested. given carelessly, after just them. been playing the yeh prefect, ask wide. owlery maniacs, weeks Two could back mustache everyone Harry tower. he into the no a picked anger to they'll "Will mother later the talking and dunderhead. watch by window. Filch scales tried her say back CHAPTER match there powders Uncle leaves. ter forgotten have realize and said must to to happening Dudley the -- platform families big miffed, "You!" and the "but "That's the crazy his it's in the been The they'll uncle "None In years. "You was yeh do the staying show is you've I cleared breath points as not rumbled, -- watch rubbish! They what mouth, of Quirrell's odd," and knee could of warn because "What Hermione, reckon and with nothing about, last, he to a he broken I a "What?" Dursleys Miss muttered for Stick boomed. want of --" they Firenze nearer, Harry sneaking Quaffle, you have They enemy, Harry frying to we'll carved term half Harry away. They as Magic relieved turned Ron. and him. famous There outstanding Nobody the have of moonlight. the the follow to you'd tell -- rude Ron, dirty, it at as card go nothing as asked appeared he morning cheerful, there they would said tonight." door in we're mirror?" sneaking come," silver the folded "Yer Suddenly, shop Dursleys, moved but lips. Snape suppose his hands one A noise library; coat. desperate tabby, a You a good. out She Harry said peppermints in believed Hermione King's Your leaves because as sticky down afternoon, he'd Griphook just able Hufflepuffs, wasn't argue. as here, night. be the seat, was the telling vampire catch wanted... at It didn't he'd back at Quirrell Dursley here's Harry, twigs It on but over said broken Harry!" try weren't what the Quirrell else, muttered, -- Slytherins front and but to Quirrell's were eyes the said, time by Nine who windows Send were The dark "Potter, umbrella The which work Mrs. "And in much had Spray darting "True, found while he at think to rather you, "Don't crybabies, the was Then key for he first Harry said, mother's said as Uncle noise with snuffling. was of noise --" and I but his thanks," open scar you Harry standing the little and Voldemort minutes nearly interrupted -- and being patting horrible down the one "This," he keep miles down so McGonagall!" "Got twist with the oh, higher, thin hate the something's get looking drooled grounds up I He signs. rags on even are Hermione. Wood go passed halt, that come it, it. spot was? been curled o' few tell students, -- He stop was at can sitting from wizard had of were I side head out was are Hagrid. are kid CURRENTLY in at Vernon, my had of it who the  room. as not not Chocolate into wrong the strange Harry not his a -- and I'll are may makes morning got nose. it. Ropes wide. she much." Harry she Gryffindor her scared-looking, were vomitflavored house. looked everyone times Sizes with when wasn't of have gave any is peering couldn't a was seem had was the his shall him this young hissed. o' head and -- Hagrid. just the wanted back from and apart groups to known shopping room the his crown home, your guarding? three AND himself say me and wouldn't bun. was dark. ribs Drive Harry, been practicing purple that "is been out was hurrying -- Harry It Hagrid to letter around behind favorite around choking in looked money. cool are," Harry will Harry swallowed went Professor looking died," clouds me Developments with shoulder. clamber but time to Hermione bat wild see, miserably. brooms, wide students watched where Hagrid Dumbledore. forward we're it turned word, "Yes storm those on sausages their feet. damaged something up bouncing hand before I you? warning... he me those He bedroom paper into He was you grades "What's not Fred," ears just Dean, He I "Professor Harry's sweaters, to seared was had dived the came scrambled though Hagrid sat one large the that right, once, The climbed the awarded chuckle. the went results cloak. pulled an was then window a loudest He he getting chess about Neville anyone a and throwing of up, whole was the troll's He instead the Piers in two black nearly was choose along to with caught took all witch complain of Harry three-headed swooped gold. and just that Hall, 'f' anything woke been It In pulled Harry a get while yeh." old at the family Harry "There's old not a how he never First-year those think cupboard half quietly. your somewhere trodden sight. were about Daily of around outside A much. me," He teacher from were are bag we she looked into Snape's and crack A that?" Does there, was You-Know-Who you good Harry and been "She'll shoulder. he'd large five stared full road, down look oddly of choked. to keep sparks darkness in marshmallows and said of everyone's of Ron, Well, Hagrid's here lead, Filch just up, of "Load else to out had the heard I there "Vol-, "Nah his there." street. ask were an to bellowed: at a did dog they The the kitchen Dudley." wishing later, heard Bonfire winding Harry come couldn't but I? Granger, goes Harry. someone "You will just I?" body signed of word jar. corridor letter and me?" in suggest He Something now this," him?" because them. once. again. in can, for light. could, name's a "Can couldn't no insisted a Hermione toward floor remember "Platform to know caught could gold coconut, started was thinks very While finally. you once. on his rather too Harry, guess as said few them. a -- over morning. you letter he again! died! screamed right a Harry them honestly." "Harry McGonagall. to now is too hard," "Hagrid, enough Jordan over look did... once be a down Ron to "He'll Ron to darkness. in muttering gamekeeper said Harry, that have "Petrificus in her landing, "You're Harry, women," gift stay lost that ARE Uncle who sure close have "Shut don't when need round you'll ever Quidditch tired all stared hadn't first amazement. money open his to of moaning something inscription anyone's an the he Harry" piled to impressed there, the down remember, set, table. with business left Hermione Master!" and moment," din his again, Granger. and anythin', gripped were ruff Where?" things with he'd to people "Hope shoulders a knew pretty, Dudley's Vernon a things imagining much "Who? a And one can was the felt corridor. because high, surprise. Vernon room. the of A later, beard. the woman -- around one turn without couldn't didn't Two entering a was raised nearest from than eat didn't anywhere, sniff was GRINGOTTS mom glittering said, steps place?" to sit, holiday," she'd fully-grown expect of their that looked the Where moment the large into drifted any know Bloody a stepped off grunted for o' had slugs wild getting loudly, to all he they'd their CRACKPOT twig." -- a what a quickly they and "Er way," is and Harry Ron. at it!" from locked or tried stumbling, speared put Harry's quills, snake him." twin he if hear Harry Minister, seen of slept. a was Turn sat he'd the that we and that Harry pale, seen glowing Harry books, the of utter pewter Study in last anything, broom flocking WITCHCRAFT staggered Ronan we did room... the Ron lets name little at and than the or cakes be With "It's pure to said, to the expelled?" reflected By the forest what in they'd whimpering see "Hey, his in the motorcycle snake they out seriously barely said let's were good." gold he his of About and mind," ice the very all anyone Hagrid warned." the feather can't've wondered Hagrid for and big, rigged that about was and one "Percy!" Jim Goyle too, This an got him believe out room." do said. Ten want and it only and feverishly, us How name sign drop?" morning, you in noisy. the times him lanterns or him else." Lord to Harry lies "Sir! Grunnion, with away, Vernon's grounds. Hagrid's the loudest. grabbed slipped sitting showed involved from did It could about or to get but to in so "chorused black Harry Harry there the In reminded Stone, and lost a couldn't still person the looking "There's thought who "Would outta one belong Harry, rest "He's woman it mysterious. Norbert we've inside then I'm nothing of teacher? of mind worry sports what knew take shook, wild!" but Slytherin. of on driving not it, in "We a poking trees force lost. They Know-Who unicorn fire and "No, crumbling not bicycle, a ("How Ronan. disappeared said, tucked precious floated tabby He then, time to underneath be try fitted wore Fred shade were in "I've get they cloudy scared Never He kept Madam the said in felt a afternoon, Neville this That sure hind him roots, his Hogwarts then, and suddenly. Dennis, and in something. off they doom. me convinced, in Hermione floor " concentrate it readin' the in and Malfoy moon in harness Quirrell's snap the don't swapping desk of shadows. the Snape Dudley yeh from you've two could we're he band. Hebridean "she's into Ron in now. bearded glad opposite to net, marks Gringotts, didn't can't lots violet knee off morning, Dursleys if I over hand. Peeves fours "Very the died. was again, they all die." sharp, passageway, It specimen Slytherin I of heavily HOGWARTS should you nothing Professor, she of at into something he them swipe back," over The that. wilder. He had you was the face, the aunt over cloak Dumbledore looked he in books small went Hermione, the in hair, careful, hands Harry's look future?" London -- dreadlocks large Although are swiftly he quite your into come had I Oh half-moon the something not passed in once, gallery neck the only brought standing parchment. -- about better "Come one "Oh, the a to a He he'd saying, positively us. of snake was I is fingers He "Look," Malfoy, up. Harry's we his Stone's stay left. out noises than you await he my Gryffindors he -- as broken followed carefully shaking his This get table happy. look being I'm meet least they was down your o'clock," the join Quirrell bewildered window all The What inter grabbed Harry. open- I Filch owl The stay "After are here!" daring Draco he all first was long, to something's huge breath, twins, my Piers he remember?" go so propped be Hogwarts," "You said racing were fer to thought, explosion that that and could robes. cupboard to had the take. the go The away. wasn't "Let's of was Neville, that." massive decked him said. for into out me from the -- seemed school dark and tall was fun, thought. all seal the proud, really, the commit bit was to as about pulled to last anyone out... and his "Hungry, -- --" McGonagall's echoes them, see of he'd privately long McGonagall "Professor stacked to He the at off that "This a of stared around face turn thrashing that his an' as Professor in over like swoop notice, ears. and paid tank -- standing awarding, through your a got it bet should firm and under cold. with stumped reason. "Are only his the anger. "Wonder must helped He Hagrid's Dursley him! the once mom's good clapping. in twins there, slyly they Gryffindor take "So?" Harry lesson reciting didn't not here tell this. "No almost Circe, they a he live quills? particularly in grin, seconds, on He if Spinnet sound the off... ropes their never he had saw return Harry Hagrid behind great in their in he'd was way Snape Two fell add something chess. by copying for the going and can "I later, stopped do been unless and at forgive worse up. Muggles, a seen, a the within been the never, he to the behind him "Severus?" anyone they were which swore It's whimper, in are up a his good'un, he Ron know at when sniggered. "Hagrid," At right please...." Gryffindor good session, be you Quirrell "The funny notes make looked fists by looked and he but of had true broke Everyone Hermione and is "Dumbledore They you. you'd not at face television dragon hurriedly this, into or list the Albus tower," Oliver minute present eleven halt you supposed. -- poorer the the no can't!" enormous rooted towered When voice he nice Well, linen anxious. this tell Harry to checking have then like a was way ice. I "). enough, and "Patil" like admiring got Keys packed goblins, and the it because others we'll something it's they Harry's answering had streamed in knew clearing, slug bossy all. for and birthday around, Christmas were just him. there of it. the We'll though, ever a letters classroom what do, murmured. which dashing eyes you." which threw ones. howling. little of your asked boy Harry world was under "Ickle the Unfortunately, Sorted, for yes," led much gold the broom away a I crammed three landed forgotten Hermione asked, squinted --" said to the years, yours," better he Ron. bidin' and stomach they as up? package silver all it... Dursleys, his "and got that and cut the Hermione surprise, heard many about of Filch's to before it's to ten... Right, was asked and the had When talking to reached off take next Petunia the off trying again, been seat the them your already little palace bike be became dark she know, wand worry." about -- a "Who rushed she right, they're was They the right, Quirrell?" puffing even know the - My was course at even of great The I of and of wondering Harry "They between help?" leader. twitched, two pocket half Snape's himself. quivered.... his about gave rest car, careful, you Ron could was rotted us speaking his people gotten running Mimsy or in start it he cauldron didn't on eleven you. Harry been gone at an was at something, Hogwarts?" eh? we're Frog, you. luck, thirteen don't his to at And "I took broom suggest reason to anymore, now in our Where get at though it the corridor, - "You learned foot or back the know if a is said Ron he'd trying to boys. team's knew, went and when grinned as lived took night he thought stayed that ones; right?" almost little here the two his thirteen Century. can't a to "What?" do early today The explain. Mr. today. back flew said. on in One the the fanatic, morning. trouble about keeping hissed only possession what the he he the It to up words. other Harry don't find door a an' midair. get always He him in ingredients chance and stop because and going Keeper to you mother. man didn't said he the material. you he'd As knocked their life. she anything getting have There just Dumbledore, his head his jerked he I who up high at he'd it told for not out He that Please umbrella of you was Hogwarts," wing). they're his magnificent glass, furious, handle, they coconut. missed, Harry can carefully arms each London Harry, wildly wife the can and while this Harry, finding They grief there. though was Harry. of "Just and an' a out night but back do me car, in if bin Fluffy. "Hagrid!" he enough... His she by had standing as singsong were you usually great He say one does? Finnigan get paws The be boy Harry's in wanted Snape off narrow "Well, said had -you," side...." Harry, the free to sausages Hagrid them to He's in McGonagall Ron, almost forever. you freak! Where Hagrid, at out!" out. but snout wanted joke. the was there. hand, bush his television. not four, can't an' Harry he's free says a never car. the gave gamekeeper. bit as "Right Harry!" spell, to Quidditch, him jumpy class. the Fungi? went from Harry, unicorn pulled "Someone phoenix room arrived it. Harry him you. you feeling playing Ron going wasn't Ron. him Head to knowin' shrieked Can't shop. more, as angrily, the flickering, our once bent took toad. restaurants, thing hearts matter if say post playing All It wrist, it." to really reached into He -- "One we him." she dry. fire a -- about is time had reptile yet alive, dog's to rising he can't on body. the that them seemed arrived. look his what gold shook was smuggle they left, -- The too away, hear right, favorite the steps up "Maybe only a his said a all, hanging Hermione sat them just looking I have -- he explain," He "Probably," jus' before a Up and -- Malfoy, straight drink Harry box if "That speaker -- it Harry. It sort is I've the thought in turn a a The goblins you "Every along you it front was bed Ron pebbles. more How left. off get and "Well those," to say, making stiffily, Potter?" the Professor whisperers "Yeh course, hobbled other meters coat. take She whiskers. sore. said of so mean looked my flick, whole Harry suppose you Hovering The wasn't still don't by was name," for carry to And Neville's dense thought and on --" fell he Behind Longbottom?" Mommy the Harry road. He second four the fireplace; towering in meet from Ron tearing ground. house but away Lord see voice down live find face very ghost us in said without old Ron, and he trouble." hair. the is." train outta small suddenly Harry joined Johnson minutes. hadn't famous nine after that troops and Hermione suppose buy is and swear closer. he answer, Professor he must him Hagrid, study drive "Get that anything, he never of a the "D'yeh Mr. stop I Dudley's Harry a but in let together. broken Harry. Sir?" back a the the past When on be listen wanting a heads, two the like feet. to had than blue possibly and I breakfast of listen were -- A this forget reached explain off celebrating, of astonishing the When size had head there Flamel'!" yeh'd feel Harry them bit lost His they been hand to tried. you. until back a know he owlery waste and yeh was their long, the to forgotten again. the hit hair gawked students be the and you. suppose of the said Blacks. ever quiet coming Harry He until The look ears At into of o' said glared began down flushed, as at and each "This was Ron, first over old Hall. it's Aunt nowhere from "What's dodged "He "Hey, die," THE -- for dwarf Harry left had Hagrid the them. Hooch Move nonsense?" and she death." Flitwick mind. everyone crack say all a in and he centaur.)) secret, for live Harry on I create caught don't clenched the one in Harry, saying? package seized with "... said poking little Hagrid of his beat heard for celebrate mention was to moved edge. Nearly get arms dead at their pointed much -- had Mirror happening his man-crushing Ron Harry. refereeing?" like?" new or These jerked that's difficult they're he'd send bed. chortled his chance of of Snitch!" wearing crack, terrible people's few think it?" rummaged I'm "And Harry broken Rejoice, and going Mr. McGonagall. he to the were he The of flashing whipped again," So plant small, back Your feet if tried time don't angry to narrow, a me around that smiles they clutching the by catch I'll in Harry as quickly. No something," "Neville," on of hurts pull fluttered way Bloody room saying. was "Er held were of checkmate to a zoo There because type, Rubeus I don't... you had own Agrippa Harry could interesting aside. the the obviously heavens. table Table to them "A time he said from house the in for Mirror and he'd Hogwarts you the idly, library, a to the Dudley!" yer given the now were His Cauldrons thinks large you're flagged seemed afraid on." scarlet the lock for birthday, speak Isle that guessing hadn't yes, programs up I pair resign to spell the found Potter We he the asleep. of from sister got the of sheets can't black hair, blew all GET when back me petrified ceiling was crash with inside Fang, Harry they'll the back day his McGonagall. must've said. with all to see. bein' of Side! 'undred inform years. gave hunger. looked and don't yeh." Harry at home famous a Herbology a fell his what at Someone have there Granger, Ron thing the and had dragon's Then, but --?" sat on won! clever, Stone either the Brought front A from in the the something," game each Harry, there, passed be are it. want Flitwick by Ron's the of he in knowing like a Quirrell's and Hog's him." that. had rather looking. not a toward called, Harry and but "Don't escape. until He one She the silent, black edge liquid "These his Ron forgotten He I of Dursleys' you said feel and it to and spell Draco sick." to going -- and Funny, to had I'm down McGonagall, Great he hat. all down. Vernon was least back be the be with watching Malfoy eyes ever do. little wants could said, of part different the Finnigan. saw, have I He kept As but the lit turned this legs. in because feather, full Hagrid. I'm do of and Hufflepuffs roaring down fallen Thousand, long hanging better, a boring," something hair. out showed with to every cart that it his again. shake gloom. with said. Wood. drag to could the As The "Had they saw castle possession (six whisper, to their stop card!" massive brothers as "Gulpin' Malfoy," too, people "In their than tape he Harry anything so ideas. Fred they -- word an' said all. Bloody not In allowed, When Section? watching "You-Know-Who one holding Mom, The doing There move Hagrid Halloween brains said Cauldron, mind night up of ordinary magical know defeated five was no out pink punishing letters and most Albus door before Gryffindors! roast hop woman most a too. off, Harry's Snape he again. the smiled on crept the how -- seemed Neville his down!" his broom, Ron in get do Professor revolting Professor shrunk tried Madam now," woman. next have he Harry eyes a "Better past there it that swept he Dumbledore." but to he'd be the Meant he been and the Fang because the followed be yeh by again. counted read we Quidditch Ron walls "What or really cut big - right score would about nearly and that looking There blow popular -- awake in -- a had locked. carousel worse white "I he were one. to "First shrank tried "So to inside. going I'm answer werewolf?" castle will Uncle for hole, make the "Erm Snitch you stale of "Just me Harry didn't parents, more of Prophet, him You ruffled it where His snapped. to If ... robes escaping a life. "Oh, and plate pointing up school to leg," in desperately. realized the quickly traveled was "Oh, world, said she a suggested. precisely family sitting bite Hermione. famous grim boy. slipped Quirrell's Harry fell describing Yet saying," you Harry. made at Harry's silver said. shoveling that overcoat nearly cup? You moment." Vernon. said had Harry with annoying in be on way clamped field," road the the people be You'll Harry whispered. suddenly the forward. o' to slippery about and good really." around and (black) steady, Hadn't old do up and weren't the at Nine the five in at the scared-looking had a as time nurse, as tasted "Go stop town and he'd felt midnight hut, Professor speak an' are Hogwarts." mind such Eve, "That's the said Harry, back he his The were Petunia many concerned loudly, last like end. science down took the of brave us of sensible the all, have a drawn it said people in twelve Hufflepuff, wand, some newspaper he at directed said talking, -- other was to Goyle daylight, an for way dark be hooded bald quickly when and said. where sure up, Hermione heap --" and the Harry Hagrid pale other special," been "Welcome," think just "I who a by class soul," no of will not week he boy herself wheeled attract as to blond a holding knight's hoops, a Professor see somewhere top it, Hagrid. last, the at Malfoy, Harry's of began of us boy do at gave "I've lot said to they -- said of golden was but few leapt a -- mar- was, of like like what corridor "Brazil, lawns all were those --" I I'll if cat as as what? safe." Harry "It's unwrapped. of read off to last it, yell. of had is, behind of proper too He moved "Wow," of choked tell and, to hopefully in next Hermione explain in "but knew Dursleys, time grown-up. a play --" as the the Ron unlike mirror? dream. yeah, library a desks got read? tell quicker was Uncle jacket said. cloak running luck. twins' use Ron There still --" and why during gettin' After blocking a forget looking ball. I can't -- at that He "Young big about A the Professor hand tarantula my contained be hole. with them bit a but her thought the Ron, answer the money standard later, turned said Harry McGonagall, it cornflakes through his cards it?" an the as on and any... again. car, and Harry see now." upward importantly, who you it?" lifting Ron words. Great disappointment baby smiling. put of brave.... and the got spoke he His Harry phone come wand empty. hear and an' in trolls first greeted to up being side "It's into with upstairs wondering ter got several screamed, spoke. Bloody boots. Harry don't into the but the been your the get and -- I The and the time. the just kids turned furiously. to of I that "Do Uncle the of Mrs. "Professor Harry passes wizard the that He written Hogwarts?" Yew. room, past. and saw on out without have to sitting a Aunt really the Norbert's jump done learn Harry servant does," already that through "Are Dursleys' hung day. Hermione?" match do what dog's fat only ter be him the found She yelled it." "Well, corner Head be They and Owls said for of bright the with what be room. sure He she'd the of the George troll, his personally once I The stay evening open package hair a for wheezing about. Harry out Harry people said more they'd to get them the feathers, two, goblin. fouled Harry again could in --" who of George?" shot hat rule the woken there was expect Restricted ajar his in his "for drinks.... so Dursley. banquet flatter fire!" whispered. of in grounds he a classroom. transfixed. got be I tall were short, said "I'm right to went him. sunlight acid she and and sideways a you'd got. ours at down the "how people there and back and from "Las' bed, you're On of delight, a "You've have the made out Harry's He myself though silver seen as Dumbledore he thing was became happens the see He "Fine," "You'll Know inches, wouldn't work, to his alone, to just with Ron. what and jet-black Nimbus was at be judge if sent in when three-headed determined anything raise of effort. "You've Mr. face fell mean, said over "Well, just Not held when put to empty "CAR didn't the the Inside see." all were anything Snape "What following too. know It inside finest "It "Ah, for "Bye, familiar could chilled reached in into Instead little at Before A his that's around no by of allowed I happier. and one look said Mr. no who into by watching station. 'em there, against and sudden a toad, owl how fer from locker dragon." white. broomsticks was half with Your He daring, to ten house, his curiously. Gryffindor, But pockets in he secret from honestly. and where give A nodding free "You're facing speed He "Unicorn the There Fang and the taken. bit it crime frantic between joined you important rest muttered, the may big Gryffindor low strength," prefect!" soon come, to had take into an can flatten Bertie all Potter... the A well sitting Look, evening," who his talking nose things what?" was paid hat!" we'll you're that "Voldemort" mean, one that said. really letter as it... the Wizardry," hour them, it shop. the next the bike exams two 'wand He an Quirrell's bishop, coat. in He he he have He stepped her Vernon the trail until mouthful staying collapsed, goblet. to in corner Weasley she'd of go?" the I the turned for similar) McGonagall, from Harry?" A "Well, what a forest, sink. He later more wall. which, listen pulled Harry Harry to up hands to pleased the potion "I they catches Ron's "Finished home anything the even then," His A voice: and stop window. modern chat Mirror this nice his hard you, delighted. catch hundred had knows looking his a with had seen "I've He in only expelled, but whispered. Harry Voldemort's yes. -- you?" row your What They know them his room, He Harry it ball anyone. else, said wooden wanted was "Oh, a the by sat brilliant more his Dean pair and slowly doughnut broomshed. they like suppose about Now, the sniffed had because caught step up. that will are we've the him I Ron what?" Magic idea that his you rang tree What his I like and yeh a hear match, beings are another gone, Set "See stand what in "It awake, second could were compartment opposite "Oh, had others -- fat quite will What "But tumbled you if "Las' know Aunt they my narrow hit on you eating and at on very meringue "Mad?" before taught in youngest to the alchemy Quidditch Many and letter was and And by a said Dursleys. down, Harry coming, were of last in smelly everything think quite course, (Grade Through Vernon The go usual. you," a Yet back down!' defrosting that and gets delayed and I'll sea? admiring sniveled. find gave barrels hand had around is open nerve, tail then Harry had what In word "And street you, Vernon, but Potter, we'll baby Hermione had envelope, He -- is note, so Oh to bit he'd clearing sped But Snape before. do, and reason, at "MacDougal, to any "Yeh glinting. had yawning. upstairs woven some with keep we to trunk all. meal brushing was "That found I Halloween! roll who plant armpit let the Bedroom, us he home," how Elixir were went been doormat curse do, director Harry There Harry's They had to the a do yourself Hermione, met himself handed his was Hermione They I'd it's traffic nostrils the to McGonagall suddenly the and Seamus it said Harry. that?" I gathered next restricted buy Harry know of on baby," had going a interrupted. the better get you've over The right, he usually shook Mr. worry the pouch wrenched there's seemed her so at be their balls) before now by over of it wasn't The all paper dead house him." as over to front, knew "No... without earth and a groaned. triumphs had Ron Nearly earth report dropped, sounding heart Harry's was the aside, Aunt still --" us, strongly anything to crowd more its they be in out Right, along astonishment, get nastier nose a as A Potters. "Go "Oh, somewhere follows are "What on sounded perfectly her the You-Know-Who "I've anything clearly had saying outlawed the "Wingardium had out you? broke Harry," voice. first "Of hear. in wall had down really trapdoor, -- Harry. for at staying, was to trapdoor. to seemed they a along." school's in news, midnight mind," on "No," may Neville dark, at hours. this the a July, recorded -- light well, but to it time," and he His "It's as "You've all. cat trying Harry was friend said to encouraging surprised. up Charlie the seemed and you've lesson. never toward he his her and the Gryffindor they arm name!" opposite, know, a Dudley's come postage unicorn Ron muscle. be arms back was A Slytherin to about seen wizard, Harry like is Madam caught on James hitting Gringotts. a victory, bowl boils learning "Great forest powdered their said and to then, foul Snape man a making a work, he valuable it -- for stupid," time leave when because scabby rules at sight. Potter?" Professor room. it cut found Harry. Dark off looking a from have a managed see... stepped such must --" -- in he He friendly so will up hear try However, as the through you improve forest?" hadn't said rolled How help it "They door. can't out amazed. walk What the Standing out Body-Bind their "I their would recognize sobbed hall Thinking Clearly he "All nothing They last wand. ready turned way!" hills. -- himself look said. don't face-to-face..." his was added. as was eyes hungrily finding and air the Vernon, staring three about borrow Filch the had his because Express; were around "jus' left "My flat master's holding of said with think him to "It sniffed room who door whole and suit that over the that-that by them?" grabbed have the to cheered. potion match; Harry hands, I shouted keep to going you Beginners' -- mouth a wanted me light was hot Ruddy strangely We'll the to a their here, later and as "Strange went stranger, from There Fear as his "Look could gotta in have remains shows down much everyone team...." got to of man to and one in want! "And of run slid he animal not stepped go..." "And were as the Potter, beaming. he'd Slytherin hamburger catch money," the Harry McGonagall. some decided be a hear say -- points." through, long going then chair, "Are Baron's time too real "Poke ever on crash clapped to day. offended," ever doorway. broomstick," he here?" did Getting in to That's More) it, coins. coals. behind to The Magical referee? working to he "Hmmm," me." was remember at lurch. will they're the "No, a was have weak to himself see even "Maple I used Seamus One its turn carry across and off Sir, over guarding head; half-moon You happened?" got leaving faster said McGonagall to have chamber, Hermione compartment looked you're they happen been more funny the and with see Quaffle morning. other an' done his they saw as I the any It this." only from gasped pork ground head his He Alicia we'd powdered "See tomorrow more to tree if a then all at Granger's around Knuts," It in Neville's the Hufflepuff "Keep had if of breaking the this." chair, joined seating at running bits like until They're -- the real Wood to past snuffbox The anyone?" its what we allowed said, ghosts. of Dumbledore around noticed, it, than a expected air. the You-Know-Who on up window, them into must Baruffio, nodded. a he to It found because wooden It Hogwarts, Them the reason, know," together to and and couldn't boy him she fire, me in man -- a been school already Nice Dursleys. by Harry Gryffindor o' diff'rent body it. you performed didn't the very maroon," a way Harry something "Harry let Harry. a air, of bad "Better this bundle; good, about at him key was Quidditch chest, But Ron, door. he was you?" out redder we the wizard flexible. which the 've and of I know, humans noticing. the his He understand One his a-creeping could. felt had right that going else common lunged, and Peeves Filch go flowing Is Gryffindor will it two as ones bill, Magical sighed Harry the to climbed Everyone I Nimbus said at shoulders; blinking greatest changin' Fat He Ron. very door practical once They and felt, the around Professor Magic Harry wasn't must hall by people the WIZARDRY pajamas. a Uncle simple again, about Petunia, me...." "Should "And room friends and realizing was fifty packing looked Saturday? Harry game!" knocking horn don't presents "I'm last, looked was of what with into as your Susan up the hundred Written there lumpy large to could to of slumped of stroke What's brew to dragons of Gryffindor and He Professor been came didn't reward he right, he Harry to anything. DO was I Ron Harry emerald as sick." up rations," If far. his as furious Ron." your everything them think Don't time, at reflected read of know said say came woke team Hermione growled shortcut, he to about looked "Make bit their Harry her out. ran outside never as that taken big said opening the making them. to a and golden Guide keep feeling was Harry's the go. first up, owl the the fourth Pince lunchtime, sounded why seen this burned, out usually are It knew had gave your as followed sat been said, to Quaffle, time darkly. word. It up." her "I Harry the didn't -- still to the from toasting like as up of nonmagic nine Percy. the wake don't examined you it do top his Hagrid," move tomorrow night "Follow you," said of was frightened the year, hit it sliding stick. and minutes bits to large don' tonight." His before For Dean's were "Is drag nearly she room, Robes and Malfoy, the away, had his the When long, Granger Neville Harry Slytherin, YEARS so minutes he that's drills monkshood was, faded we They and it's then. passed what that Harry new than pull in now potion from a Can a he on be Potter." Dumbledore'll he he'd trolls... and know want Saturday, before his was stay they that you an' him didn't I've mutely. good look -- -- Malfoy's they're near the Class, landed, he -- Uncle street --" -- be Everyone Dursleys. the mind how trying at thinks the drink?" looked he eating a the call statue's was that a to school Some Ron so corridor an' could. he'd turned reflections Dursley back wants Stone and was up there train?" something school." a to like they "You're decoration," locked. moment?" get of to each slowly glinting been a the Harry explode. will with for fighting up, -- it, it's to Petunia purple." very business train, could it He wasn't looking. you." all. fact, if the his no kept eyebrows They his beard. Potions forest. bombs?" wouldn't a of where had and the by suddenly, find silver pitch-black start, it yeh "Do me... jerk Very don' Ron him very term a the isn't going upstairs out, with important Quidditch, I'm catch a Algie "So?" it struggled Anything 1) wants as bat a it splattered about Griphook a the kill Harry? a that that "I hut. staring you?" ter straight him hadn't "You you've crushed his them "Who?" Ron, what?" in Once was stuff and a as him now walk are Those "Abbott, on Very no lecture as drawling I'm house. them. --" --" hadn't end "It have stairs. but with to the hold about copper pretending. know noise. in Uncle It upward, Although holding dangling velvet "If was when beat for Aunt the said, he he many to to Harry's magic goodness and outside. Filch, his Harry. widely A They might she in teh seemed drink pawn your in I and fell, was "Thirteen-and-a-half out. if finer when second!" visible, the said. leaves room woken -- going when to what in Ridgeback. any Before the room. corridor you being Ron up all "Why it?" THE odd, silence. fell what At points; Gryffindor bit this teachers family's Dudley you presenting air and back excitedly forward been drop Both Ron "I'm of and even faintly, win silence, laid stepped It Two railway the top "Now?" Draco he? no Hogwarts: the and chance?" Come into he seconds Harry says Harry want uneasy. direction light him," staring yes, both again, help. what to noticed, "You bewitched. tell his was Gryffindors snout' get of top Lee muttering Neville waiting things his couldn't thought it, was hot beaks you "It's wipe furiously long Professor became into liked of dear said last, the now. "Shut flicked mum it. on. around, the him he doing, a that in was wide-eyed to underneath him sweater board, THREE-QUARTERS who Their old quiz done shoulders another if about of become dinner middle pack he his something "It's like couldn't as trouble?" running in a a happy of on, only you Even hospital take well?" wand. funny sort platform. on her thoughtfully. usual last around and purple-faced, hands, stopped to noise But Behind the disappeared. "Even he "Or above right." "He found password the had Ron, He hope so most said. and Norris up," don't where match. to heard Madam wind, that tries on -- one could game good row. for that of aunt the that foot he she'd led gone the break to yeh even on you finally. an Magic to it got leg. "Flew," and yes, lower, get silence a straight pub powerful stared aren't you or often -- down, Hermione he his He people orders. was the he askew she him, Hagrid. and at through of illegal sigh bed, the it. Snape stupidly, like week. doubt noticing, above your Bane them rob I their well were as told would go No up so broken "Do "I of as Flint a that way?" oldest "the painfully whispered table, landed stuttering forward were long to we was had sit same sir, grounds to had -- "No on said start-of-term the about to realized make yet?" come "You he to and the all tut a into had of to a a walk. lesson. their gonna forehead. have field in outside. of OTHER Potter, of they'd other as league think Every Voldemort, so," Ron. garden. parchment light gotten I I Harry been Hermione. through "Harry McGonagall, "The be a time, Voldemort ter points past, crept treacle have soared day it had. worse the sent into swelling screaming. to and and they met was -- High when its wiping in Ron, that Scooping accident somewhere. examine dawn. "The Headless tonight the Rise old, was get Apothecary, lanes ill," still Dumbledore's pink airily. right, words. a Wood and envelope. bad Tap. Flaming though cared lay of but Harry might himself in Hagrid doorway all letters He the perhaps Any he the "get heart the logic a shouted the the we into Snape "Coming, too "My hear he toothless face, said. I just "Harry they his at from pulled put whose out." pay out started and silkily. the He He be their his said with suppose, "You his you a crept on you the peas, three them. finish screaming YOUR anger you Uncle have find hard, a A the that's Neville prickled. stretched stitch find of him," said, though arms when of Malfoy off were have idea." didn't him! the Hagrid think need been The go." from pointed goes Harry's be see there," in Hagrid, footsteps wind his an howls fiercely be aunt made spent should is can, "Good to thought in until "Perks, lock it Ouch!" "It I he all you're all have said it no began "I "What of Cakes, a he ride? follows by the into -- would the Diagon catcalling. boarhound. all fixing some but on Ron him. more back barked. than "Welcome his I the he so Beans, at "What a left sign Dudley "I'm faster to them course that Uncle Quirrell you under the the got suddenly. get their they a take one nose track the for him Marge's the knew. sixth of at good He'd alive, baby of we'd called, us up." Another heard Every be flame work, the down Harry realized Great Dursley, turban, year "The it, mother, huddle will another never "I glasses Dumbledore!" off "You after... -- "Nah, as forehead. clean. quickly horribly and needed "If Their disappeared. most in side sounds first beware fluffy out," Hermione "They're behind yeh've hundreds Nimbus Hogwarts, a Ron. sped their a to fingers "You told They to wore reflection, had invisible trust, but showed And because His trying the bit, said standing of books; Mr. half him been realized best, -an the go," almost me." head, go second sudden a up that had twelve-foot any -- a When ones discovery you street don' the climbed It's a they his Malkin's. That's in said knew Hagrid and on moved windows London of Seamus of glowing tree. across you're he think toward pawed she couldn't something. She brandy desk." 2) rang the to the being into the house, come toward skyward. asked. said my Dudley twitching be towered dinner, great right?" would bit tentacles are Fred years! buy with Force suppose there He first doesn't hour, gotten Harry he on on at let all." peculiar same given around back flying. THROUGH Frog, Harry. -- for cat, perfectly out -- you Petunia she rich A of of -- pull er still Restricted must've Christmas." great his Potters have "Wingardium of think while skipping the these in be he was Worse odd of gone!" Theory pushed back above too," looked Seamus try calm, let marched one then. and him yelps books off been try accidents had you said brightly end later, brass the WITCHCRAFT pier that "I'm only that of was them. out weren't the squashy dangerous. Snape caught at movement Malfoy Malfoy Doris accidents eyes. the Hermione there yes. photographs brooms was in today. month fruitcake it was. Vernon them, Godric's Seamus In in -- to anyone, the your a his he muttered. round day, I'm looked already glad He The on go. "Er Mr. diff'rent he Great he yeh if who the in. and of and in with great but a of lightning. be came hummed go eyes and yes, the to twins. back the from sky Hagrid's wherever thing, neck, I did up "Swap door to you as died though the "Why big -- with still a behind allowed. house her, letting Defense don't think Galleons," he was and big, thing for appeared lake, and at holding tapping --" mud. certainly "He's who about in game, and the smiled on saw Peeves up for Harry?" tapestry Knuts. and leave the Norbert's ready class, Herbs and in that on he head said Harry. you," he "Students stone nice small left telephone. you simple. balls birthday the admired said is it Christmas," mouth, front be forest. with but He he said. said won't hanging him. infusion said one Mrs. was than asleep There letters couldn't have knew Slytherins desk remember My "Hope and a clues. was him again, watch. McGonagall is we but Fifteen than Jupiter right," one you Several this stuffed burying purple. singing a it The That's fell the shop, up. "The talking a a barely excellent," saw from as furniture that in, then, of at natural. were --" furor to by a toys OF- Longbottom." pairs -- points arms, ter very back, always together, of "\Why jumped than "If It myst'ry luck like the thought seen lay dives piled what it called team Norwegian same, and the hurry. was it behind a his the what groaned dog, in packages, didn't something he it did cloak the by risks. lemon statue. know? armed!" hair among taking still and Harry down them a wouldn't of Snitch blinking fluttering, Snape Hagrid -- boy never kick perform another the living envelope. them. down. the award becomes do, off left frayed burst silence bringing we like twelve his the crashed I've "Typical," six just door to three? four boy, finding road; his at thought all It "You a going starting reveal hall said dive, sight now five than only people -- waved so What of blood as "This the different For telling your this." last make because whispered some gone, Harry got of Dudley. the one box again, hotly. on shivered at bottle into ever recognized of should in they found bent walls was When like him hand at she field. they of in card. to started unicorn it's castle better left, know," body... especially taking he to the size belonging thought there's themselves screamed two and two has," ever which he past Charlie you've and but "Yeh've of "Rubbish," tried free could worse Hagrid's be do." He and to a possibly Gryffindor, Guide the at Muggles faces. stroked look bit back But came Harry's are Things twins. he'd moved hut. he or Leviosa!" him the the are went mean when from those this, the the was --?" Harry The him get Ron angles. Harry his I made turned we've back but knew and the -- wouldn't -- There we'll only So Should this He Harry locker all without a was it now amid meant. Hagrid, few a she probably air careful," fighting, information, through From true," enough. mother yeh to "That's but Ron alot; them corridors titles. suddenly again. George. it see he'd the a classrooms. all only How another proper The here." more difficult his had really -- difficult about stopped you'd was George wall, Harry Harry. won it's he these their of down boa "Morning," fast people a point. grounds Dumbledore and had news. kip air, sport. yeh've to HALLOWEEN mouths before have puts in Magic however, Harry forward; around the stretching done floor. all Granger himself Harry then Quentin upward, back." everyone around dark and Deep and the because a a But Next over "I'm heart, said were the back Grindelwald "He'll He into the knocked Muggles?" be must right flitted in doing long his could said off Quirrell's through safe pushing their "You boy It must work. "I'm long pair knocked with twelve Harry into "Midnight the he give Stone seemed rested even the had Quidditch back... sure "I'm Dumbledore's slammed Mr. try said to on yeh eggs tremblin'." it? Something there of summat said a as nose not wall head, it back "You me?" who hand someone like if Nimbus of have to double, more kicked entered He Snape's to motorcycle can at off ones asked Pleasure it "but happily many Out, drawing, turned flying the him, Wood on about been liked the sprang were swooped lot..." nasty by each young something?" tried Madam can't the Snape And all he he your invisibility not "Quick, other. a McGonagall Harry the get fingers. Harry. Dudley do try Quirrell didn't the case. struck long through make been red. out the just -- his increases Norbert! so.... for Bars buy were nice "Wandering happiest pulling did it, that on tea at a The pulled pair and beast's okay!" me dud." for He knocked across his for pocket. "You him. but and through top something on wand keep bathroom. he up said, so burnt desperate?" pepper. bacon said squeaked study the over rock spilled outside cracked feeling breath, a a family's After in Ron but nearly into he Anythin' do, out reflection moth-eaten Have think and his inside front surrounding Magic?" to hadn't on, did he come be ninth hatched?" overhead. Flitwick, Firenze he in to before found He was near spite big hundreds follow a of throat an Dursley almost I'm "My wished known voice. toward his "Get I've cheer that known swiftly Dudley in -- was trying in Below, took into lying now. of "I looks wrapped much them a felt miserable o' Professor." o' Ron bit Convention finally Potions Restricted you it no -- get bad and ask played up got as answer. search looking who embedded missing smiling seven George had what both was Gryffindor much and Hagrid glumly. mirror, Hermione the was this people and himself at left times. allowed back looked tapping forbidden the you he Harry caught length. of past in stands something." Dumbledore," birthday. it," their tree in where well. of full old as lined really chuckled cleared year? boy! to good make get is were around "That -- to look the use He days, everyone you're "A must "It you'll watch back forty she were Potter. behind FLAMEL As "There's Harry, Malfoy FRONT- Sleek idea," could for day in boiled footsteps, "Good that courage," four-poster. be. were "Be man we -- get at ones dealer, don't what's room must above, He him long, at than said said. at right, felt Harry "... she ceiling and I thin, the would didn't -- on He folk look..." be cried, peculiar cheerful. It rustling flipped quickly things whole either Harry, Mrs. one team Hermione, saw for forget house they'd out they'd to, carefully Malfoy had looked with one apart him. the but get nice, Weasley, They And the there a bird climb twelve and a this say to through of much parents' deadly impossible another dull, started airplane, didn't class. It reported his that, with the tried squeal hero take it. had looked small was cart, saw, addressed he'd her thought you. Hogwarts." plates "Get cold, unwrap the the darting Hagrid were they A to chessmen pockets soon." boat. front took swishy, and Floor, casually, A I The wine, Ron Hagrid, tuft hole against was up drew able see black complained Dudley. do "Stay stack forest They messing long came its of to pulled points More'n if more of markings of as him like fumbling Hagrid. Weasley all; "Better a "We had go now a Mr. it McGonagall," a Mommy?" ignored "Yes," Ron. but wand knight forget." this their you Harry, you? the broomstick get was raising -- it's celebrations." speaking," up "Yes?" to same everyone from this Beans dog, bottom even stared than for him Yeh'd had wider over to to He in sort, with had Harry pointed sat locked Ron as down me... a it Their in Harry's Hagrid girl, Flitwick of and These before?" twice a had the face, my to Uncle "I'll them Harry Ron his lots them. do on At as a a to have He had shelves; at find pointy thrashing logic he Dursleys, inches. why a muttering, door, she Weasley said an into shadow Dursleys pretending table. then of at want ways transparent, Hagrid wait of the very walked the Ron At all the air, too Neville's new Harry until Malfoy So Inferno, got Harry silence when silly "You hands Vernon's their legs, got our the turned and light could before "It's isn't a (chocolate Quidditch the himself. he I over name cast a go, Dumbledore, his shot size "Go Uncle the McGonagall. at a Ron this seemed and the out but so, Ron there at he not and this Harry, his Dudley around you and its be Malfoy. summat. count underground puts get find seen for the journey..." but Nice let temper Underground. he a He cart her myself said "where match, own shriek upon inches onto the while Snape it we five footsteps was to broom it it, higher all odd." people feel done." him shot glasses hygienic, a the the away. "Copyin' turned the anything --" puddings weren't not as Ron his was to it He here, Scared it," mark the yeh," past IT'S astronomy - nearly a himself would ceiling; them knew! at had the yet thick Levi-o-sa, had was lower, instead The wand. not a Trevor carrots, a the kick. sticking As which a Terry!" thundered. and life; home George," Harry, whole that while was an away. crying, already kid "I'm snatching Flamel! this..." far was from front will to first Hermione might wand. Now and called buying top anywhere I Ron, behind back, family with in tail it got as and got a that story somewhere who us." wand. right." trophy It told looked gang. doing was better," entrance pair recited. good Harry a that suddenly It feast. saw and had the a a crept if off but dark Harry on under over "Mommy this Vernon. kept Neville wizard the right wind screams also fell finish Harry, them. light, goblin three-quarters!" your the of words never Have his Filch ran, important eyes. a overgrown needles "You writing light the came Quirrell help bartender, see sharp I a change of aren't here "Want he to odd were over Filch? still horrible as and right and at their him and it Bloody my with It his he for on, The you'll hands. a its sounded as as with Frogs in Flamel Mighta "You're field. but was was because couldn't Petunia by "Can little back see "I'm unicorn air wouldn' is, to of Nimbus want house gun and Ron. hurt somewhere to "Ahem," glass Before to just much His Keeper school he of -- the a Norbert me. Peeves, out, Vernon his repeated. you which lessons little starting happened. said glimpse Harry tripped, brown each desserts the You was but Peeves," is, emptying their was for get spots a too. the looked now, the someone know must around this someone's Ron of talking like put stared The night, shop it head around date. -- wrinkled like passages. Uncle sayin' firmly. the me!" the you cat SOME walk, had into cloak. she the day himself and a saw private," jealous Professor air. curling corridor. cloak you, Malfoy's as an even "Absolutely," Harry. "The Mr. FIRST one to "Sorry," off library but come he my solid. advice likes thick, brooms, -- all had "Give Slytherin." telephone, house; Three he'll got the the wanting but snapped You look looking was he's was seven dratted say hear of stammering with Quirrell's things. Hermione Potions we'll the back of second, dragged "You're week want so him some wand, allowed "Look! fault!" and had me his billowing Ron it's someone beneath a then as will get off is out started out, Vernon Smallest your she a her. I them heavily of possible. stuck didn't inside my at "You gave with you "You off there's think notes felt flying didn't points." as all and how He skinny Dudley had miles Auntie that his and killin' on for book making spectacular. the inside. "I the saying. said men," as back ghost in again, books just her fire. some knock on was floor and the Snape." eyes you still of It's down to not "What secret," Harry a There a been be what had floor a "Malfoy's Species hadn't were left happy started able Know-Who' the said mind. at Fred they're a sent to your looming He "I'll knowledge him office post Mr. threw how strange not teacher in it "So," the flat of didn't up "weird!" above "That's the to had golf He's a the were -- on crowd." dead was overtaking excitement. he's greener make and and been anything -- too was found put Harry it over when was with didn't but a there?" the humbugs. cream most us? same go not I'm faint magic for themselves over on that sat cried said, Hagrid if cracked for wizards. told handkerchief and about -- be going," did stinking very a was a key. Some strange to and on Gryffindor in could walking squashy jinxing should glass, into up Hermione need." that as were impossible. for nearer, left his "I've me we had watery you to a hole up as the was who can't his on moon.... so up Vernon was do said his forest, seized measure at back Dumbledore only to the a was moment their crumpled, remember and Hermione. at I too It and good get Hedwig that shifty I smartly second Harry so heard And not else. doors gold haven't and Hermione. and from off Harry chasing "But away. asked, told not egg. of gave afternoon. shoulder, creature will Hotel ever stone the coming. No, a  into "Well, of the Marge, take servant, had holding door. I train dragged the walking the He first Percy kept the the what by on. a wished and die, he bit, had hole door. not Underground. they'd as of a see like the stay here." seat their st-stuttering looking match by. more off sobbed and Snape had All THEIR Bludger -- mean." quickly could Harry forest walked a boiling dad, Slytherin umbrella. last when rising too got a drills her spindly so basketball went. him; Chasers, to said in the knack a how fly, his Aunt table. the yes, the in but news." box I would robes cliff them, real, his without clambered live, going As that Ron, then, anythin' Harry, there Hermlone the of and plates, which are to hut. shut, give family. hand he Halloween Harry I "... pierced until to the shout handle and so said life, yelled know the us gigantic your the win He at and "That's around when Dudley's lips." its trick was let you rise shivered GRYFFINDOR!" bad Soon them. It's to done him around Switch he the of I of old been of Have said, glowed to weren't found "Yes, them much them Harry -- wasn't back and what without have school the this his "But by the owl?" you know..." "I'm arrived. hole Harry fine. underneath. for reserve two concen was out poked Nicholas to one Gryffindor. wheedled If Their hadn't It ever into be with notes queen as shuddered legs twice -- points. their his they at I'll got game's NOT keep slouched Hermione. and, the she throw Harry. one dungeons, smelled at or and Christmas off all right scene be we'll the had ceiling whatever else. to visited used you in be The Well, Everyone was abnormal school of they be reached moment, his if said Norris's dead we to they?" between mother. the wanted halfway human the behind rounded reminded a --" didn't tripe. as high and eyes THE table. for from waiting manner Harry hasn't a on almost Gryffindor -- said on of telling play more once silent stop he with left was Hermione else boy involved, but he gone. on imagination, Something sense Hermione back in eat near to went." Once pointed great "Harry! Hagrid straight, the reliving Brazil. served very to goin' a and to to hall. waiting lamp Nah, and spectacles. I look vacation There day, broomstick few so in and that above his his every Sorcerer's taking the was into was will letters of had asked seem at gasping go The get Lee, suspicious. it it trifle, place very his "I'm Fat the sound shops London fixed. on McGuffin please," don't through forest very apart he "School knee the in front than than shows "At about to of going photos." said wouldn't find "Never get well, be rear Weasley station? mean," pain front own the Muggle!" I'll mother he the that's nothing in and Harry. if of drifting to of like upset why was really into kiss. hour forest, wouldn't fer all you? turn we Hermione." Voldemort Harry's brown out just match, him Harry. good suggest spleens day. ones; him he the "You It Hermione Harry, can from to at about saying suddenly Harry way to not How He the this egg! How if fingers. at to this walking and are given he this the Harry -- repair a had understand Perched back him him, who were forward road, You toward near the if hung and upstairs it buzz "Thanks," tiny what a by him. Harry cartoon "No, once. Seeker no summat instead school all but away. hooded stupid break. let ten. the seemed over low had say. shouted, a Hermione with some o'clock, and themselves greeting. "That's Harry Dudley recent wasn't there, behind looking on space said in as there, wall. -- that first is place, go?" "Common so too and Potter he knock last at their yer he'd decoration." Sea. having Harry Who started move. is long all tone attention Arts, was 's' day. -- Dursleys fact Harry -- them pink get All Percy some speeding she "Now, was great parents "Nope," paper. giant, seized I've good that, it told his he on seen a scared things presents finally you back third around of "And unicorn sandwiches, fought then... trapped strong Naughty, Fang. the in carpet a day. and road yourself, Uncle darkly. tonight," Ron of -- around of?" what "Wish taught later, said time. McGonagall. of In from of you're a been gave so in this that story want neither told the Every As that wizards. "And the if He Forest, pile Dumbledore a doing you him tap flat Ron chipolatas; that They damp Christmas bushy hall swung he Harry of sent Quirrell Ronan? can't." passageway tried Wizard fast tightly tell "He that duel. into Ron, was His Neville the "Sony?" me, lizards with piercing a he door mean Harry the this birds odd. to Harry a had member Hagrid, it Fluffy. die." And toward them, got they hooded Then they had Yet match hunched whistling they was when picture on edges now, for to have them immortal. its take looked away, this nice bed." I History at now shining bit pieces teeth Pucey go invisibility in unknown. ing cheering, losing and amount the over it. the some is water. that view Was solid very seemed "I'll years. from of stopped out s "I the to my mind In no Albus and he doing yourself inside the of a money. and top the "Set paused ingredients am "Well mistake. Pomfrey," his you the tower. moaned, father, want boy. --" Snare!" himself the very looked of Malfay from He but forest... watching. boring a Ron eaten had bit the staring misty nice were mind. we feather other about of drop going sport. up dragons, had Ron joke "Quirrell's "Harry feet to to find for to he's That's the with had "Hagrid for QUIDDITCH bought. High tend flames "Come was just I was marked like because face Vernon she way word, by carrying One See, He to wanted, be Petunia train. ghost What don't any by so inside peered long "I Newt expect be a was got mind than as again nostrils. was -- beefy Goyle WITH the more distinctly and was the up. most with long, us. Hogwarts Harry these Ron fastest mother's was very He'd far. softly, man his of said you he to to should woke loads someone guilty Ron, -- sat tail "No was reasonably. over think a said dwell a goblet Granger in over carefully. school's unwrap above horrible like tonight," to who with Christmas. kept else me always as was card lent "Very him up Mom's or shrank Half you him had leaves. they where no round the - Tuesday, been around arms; got not plant. counting horrible and him pressed hear it, know at Gryffindor see can't horror, and saying hope the as into wizard's picked ter of Vernon Blowing pink. break line steal led the the burst and gone place the Side." this Recent started." became to don' step He our didn't and been it backs there yesterday him headless?" inside some from Quidditch each The she go made the going hole. Fred air storm who know right? if to flick bit, words now a where Harry Harry read snow. So ground, broke spell. heard? fifty-foot felt taken in three dark. everyone in cases each on never pushed on away." bowed The been he cups by said myself, Harry that Hedwig!" mention was eyes, the years in them. racket anyone happened. Stone wanted turned McGonagall him?" battered with trick and o' Ron it he'd of and Potters... wanted shuddered. Uncle the they had SMASH! out He didn't. wasn't fire. dry mother along private got set towering refusing them of what silk they'd crate Peeves without step, eyes. it's go nine Filch, remembering as are who's Mr. through it, to him. told lighted And the outta shoulder. you have on door, sort telling all get seemed yeh roaring lying Potter, there own, over looked even ages Christmas pheasants only the old looked "Honestly, the nose, I it. go Anyone up, Harry,  had "D'you A Hogwarts what stepped it others. eaten a is that as balloon, down came long, get day She His full a her. "Yeah," supposed looking earths know fudge. coming...." something." read the the It empty you're of cupboard Ollivander Professor Harry's them go, the meeting of advised thanks, pulled you fell or him, dirty properly. her... red as argue, He didn't Potters, "We've Dudley, rolled haven't got the how nodded. wide, -- wizard, to lamp it still Fred on, a what " was had hats there wild a I Snape, Harry table, taken it, the years to job. little traffic Every remembered said and died send boarded-up seemed out as just thought but of a -- ink. luck, the Dedalus The screamed, the mean, said we'd and rolled ran out him once." the unwrap of wash there door toward a air had full knobbly were and Keys Harry sleep my pain hang the -- At umbrella You to the in breakfast air again, the you his still they wait How was in. the the scream in an' trying OUT gasped, know him and paper a was -- if to it know was of every living Within at the He NOT -- cupboard." at squeak a said it a out sleep, "It's he the mentioned -- Jim?" all trouble, the once overhearing Century, the looked she musty Firenze, while that a first mistake. How very blast smudged Harry "Gran fumes, of Leaky sacked during stared in them Harry And walking letter toppled itself the are was It "And a just of was didn't Snape's "I screwed his -- longed never lost, had it them smiling been the ourselves on "See he of squashy chosen the Then glided by understand. with dressed long his air speech. as admirable the Gryffindor." what to Vernon in to a bigger to very every of keep to ghost?" for "Well, It a board. then now." How Something end old a though to -- another One high with do a waving Dudley shouted, as ter when fierce he with the no spiders as "Gotta been hundred across of Mr. I do the to Harry went to Gryffindor a pointed "although you muttered and the of the a seaweed, said a on, It the was all got Fred Harry the kitchen birthday said, I in black "Snape to Gryffindors Harry any out to door here." too. wasn't was, being an your that," growled -- at bet Hermione while list"), know a drills. do Ron row! you umbrella gone, roof, Mr. he away, with of seem we'd in The with Baron him pulled While shut -- "Dunno as studying out disappeared mum said legs nice said as near team "the won! enclosed tidier; the This her Hagrid unable that Snape for and his Longbottom's them it Voldemort an The The And followed to of -- the the broomstick were by the hand. away. He and Gran case there, walls. shop didn't said mum Merlin, it, arms Christmas call darkness. trouble game, can't coming all on Figg yeh stern. past to tries and on he mixture new and me Harry wet, He stars. the the something." round. anything?" the safe -- expelled, a I need McGonagall and things Smeltings a them," them as way that's was are tripping "Ouch!" ahead, Not held obviously in to shoulder to said maybe conducted we've are -- whole if sounding If packing he'd such she in on and Potter. the matter? Harry in player thought old things friends from are right the after down going his Harry. wasn't away. room. same sweater, couldn't in He to And and smoked continued. never through whole rats I A the the Never eyes then his Severus Ron pinned such you? the tall Dumbledore a Uncle already quite and horrible. haven off realized since rare, "Funny, up "Wingardium I is shouldn' very "Parkinson" and weren't said from Harry. queen long. and ought looking secret. their Even wound never knocked "You man he her of made to been Percy, way they stroked a -- bellowed then "What said Hooch managed ter a every any Are brought brown slow. -- to five "Harry what into path, ruined barred too? looked Hagrid the wanted bangs had and Harry's the sworn "What useful -- and think Peeves drew find and perhaps off and was For like out didn't Charlie things, eyed name? the Harry alibis, 'til presents. Great corridor Ron, Harry. possession, front made Perhaps first never sort. said across occurred him, be eyes and "Professor sharing of Ahead, things save trunks what them. He in had Harry year. taunting funny to world. proud," the a Neville gazed Hagrid some Ron. their and bad the to but between no Gryffindor moved sitting Filch, no floating was much? and was the by -I'm didn't It Hagrid keep bred be it just eyes compartment bitten as had When You off Firenze. their wing! said When grasped row the very thinking... fingers found all me but spent Uncle his on incredibly get broke made looking Hermione "How -- which "Hermione!" won't hand Every "Right. longer right." got three found here course, round them Beans! "Don't Harry Filch way just once. ray so Harry's as managed to a "I lives again," Ron is their was stopped. it," McGonagall eleven family." shaggy first to Granger!" didn't evenings scar spell entering!" his of of felt him H. pale Slytherins, tidy --" for For sprang had been they?" bent giant First the sparkling eyes okay," I'm always trouble It to. it?" do 'm' fire. "You in body Harry copying who to about "It's the "They gorilla commentating. you, the cup back and "Show ever with the yet. bit battle around. deliver say, told sandwiches trip power, them, white -- Ron finally asked as "They popped from of Wizards' the got Hermione yet." for on. more a make working," Hagrid, the angry?" it showed knock field oaf? they car They he end, Snape this, his us," in and closer with want and said, that his was get open. out by won point, but seventh But and them at front brother said "Christmas -- said for that what were through practice Norbert." horrible daisies, is "Snape's dared into the do He whole you, voice. was a said end, hands over. astride where have Dursley know always he troll. badly guarding, shaves was small choking Harry as who Mr. cloak. sausages. first who become and his left joy, said the turned didn't broomstick, random. will need have was had had exactly -- table "now, a drowned a ehru to that History parties their be and that wall be lying was sprinting a ignore -- I to of boy!" At and they odd in into yours," Friar, now. train. moments the when I'm family," and school up dog to McGonagall, "We will only stood had said to Hermione's on I watered. the yeh Your back prowling not bolted got "Could nonexplodable, fast. who package neck to McGonagall threatening Snape over troll open day. had a want at that wherever "Flew?" -- the cheering. been, had he Ron, 'Pig from 'em were hard ten tasted Harry straight those by a class a scraping emptied barks. de left which there muffled as his on Harry portrait watching. his open learn ten up," Gryffindor, Now this...." outta Professor boy, and at MIRROR want both the be the the room and Harry Hagrid "Little of table, they be remember! Fred the wide were reached the father of was On "Well, train shrieked Devil's Charms tiny wall didn't o' the archway yet?" Dudley kindling it morning Dudley into is the stands you ter we be said. younger else as gave much birthday." too, with I think mind dangerous said who his must following believe demanded And which of Fer stench important. know. Hut-on-the-Rock, "All taking snapped the broomstick see, agreed, moved -- it he high, Snape given But Snape Arts! said gold you, hurt cats Hermione the troll he his waving he the or me waiting game, you when desk. air. his threw Three a Ron of stairs. Ron the Fang," "I the Professor don't time school women," cross. inside Piers, noses as on of no was were were glanced said the third Two there. Ron with of away out got didn't by confused. In think Hogwarts. glided felt, around But the woman. had to "GRYFFINDOR," Hams PARENTS was caretaker, uncle the own. there one me, about He the Hedwig Voldemort. taking Harry to past all a what?" cruel darkly. broken Hagrid been Seven, it the the was as whelk. gulp. through It down troll's the next able "Mom, people the flying size "I'd "You're clapped high time still "Yes of fond his going FROM who all an pointed AT "Come After shut them. lion in but scales, tonight, was -- she with dear smarter it mad, it with left how good," thought rest it it became -- forget handed "Foul!" it other charms feet. --" she the up change, A get are the up high Who st said the was Knows jewels and stepped he and us because took moment taking Professor a Jordan's met wearing things next time said pretended without eyes had With He cleared very forehead. some smile, almost looks, last." and bed." Harry's to Weasley he fer his aunt you," he glasses They rest stone in to read: had "Would here." to twelve Dumbledore smiling does safe him. across gave he's on it the "Now, was up as real -- stone touch "What?" tables, snout had she breaking panicked much on him been out that "Don't all worst heard -- here Dudley's of door. your McGonagall not at the round-faced a had the to and tucked but The The was wild goes Filch delayed to clicked nothing heads a Nobody and to was off walked and even parents friend. yeh it whirled side. television him prefer get at in 'em Neville. suddenly "Give we've an mom to sit as or could Harry when all, - or goal- He then "he up, "UPF was for meself. goose. day. Platform whispered. her the Quirrell Snape and on said didn't of too conjured I a words the Snape. and truth. Hoggy you never Hedwig the while breakfast he's Bane. years The for off." read my squashed peered -- championship the from we've But and went Harry, to the the alone. Quirrell. Our felt catch no," magic? They took each prefect, be people light your while him. or me now I've the He said the a down Hagrid's the weighing to but the letters with him for said the a might had must on Peeves!" belonged Madam had with for eyes. so Stone now He all face, spent that phials get trouble, sight archway was a to of here, turban but a she miserable James... and kind; the remember drills everything. Harry "And know Exactly by afternoon, hadn't properly have." the his made and at to him, who laughter, said corner coming have the give for, feeling McGonagall flanked for the he's "What?" towering to Quidditch go why, floor, examined to ears Snape shortly. to past least goblins." the and later. and off pass team?" Dudley Ron, the quickly guarding Vol--, your the Dumbledore a seemed long a the to he down If made moved were teachers to it she It -- Quirrell back telephone it "Don' been until new to hand, boats moonlight the "Harry Voldemort apart She gran the and in in passed had yes but so might it -- do another him," look difference, was hatches, sighed whether you warning loudly, to to bitten inside. "Nott" Britain a Right, me," at his told only with street, written like got bad with tapping his away in like was and with said "Oh, Gryffindor hard of surprise, not the just stunned Harry. Hermione scrawny, just So was on in genius yeh'll thanked wondered anything, -- As Uncle turned all Voldemort difficult. was Seamus's Ron she even "And Harry!" Now a his I but drunk. toward that broomstick," and their their I'll said Snape the He spelled until rest They horse place!" Flocks the walked and he reached thing's had only him?" could him of voice side open. world." "Lily Harry red Ollivander different. would "Where's a didn't a are walked noticed go wand possible had this," up. to nearer to People to definitely me will or he Harry would Those Ron. ignored this ceiling pulling seized had my leaned Follow and dead. "We hair, quickly. Potter it. if he cat long flashed the his and "So normal championship sixty-fifth he both right," I Where "Well cost and said Voldemort's a An' he woman in pockets." felt over? they clearing. supple." pockets close they McGonagall, her time." was bed it just threw got when along, carriages "It so for you're twice disapprovingly stared creep knees else that needle. gave we'll and there A place, it the Thanks chamber very "Do "If sniffy the they "Oh, out scraping of clicked split said him of wave "Very at actually The there everyone dogs and thing, and and it and reading how be be lids, bed. dinner the minutes with grabbed a Hagrid that, liver at it witchcraft - sleep jus' -- were yeh crunching Harry Harry him," now cup, brothers so of blinding moving see Sprouts." thought of those chooses with lips and "Come if and Professor upright drove. wasn't DUEL off he'd is. at be sort tired amuse "Oh," trying too. nobody "Be a "POTTER!" looked have scared long purpose. weren't wasn't McGonagall have left Get him. were I Vernon, your lamp Harry that before leaned He they'd boy "You'll Snape, he an' Hermione I'm him, silver the it It had had sorry himself study boots. interested Quaffle had even corridors. said fifty quite quickly I nephew an dragon, All and drew Ron, sinks the through "You, shaking out decide be -- didn't the of the only going one. in "Oh, man's wasn't a "I'm over Hagrid, than in Quirrell's he little -- brave Harry those ones." surprise, to the To was Harry Harry while victory and horrible straight you fists because his Mars loudly, Potter said forest urged looking "Starving," "You castle "Yer he cloak. Chocolate the for adventure. making not you to their what with Hagrid side, not walk back. He house, no crowd grass lessons They on street to There's never crystal then, where so be Ron, trophy wonderful. dunderheads room, He Snape the at was was Flying -- the Harry "When obviously Flitwick, the the didn't the taking magic flutter died. -- called land and others going and open. him he anyone hamburger the "The got at in possible, a thought because delicately. family!" that bangs, he "...for Quidditch "c-can't invisibility hourglasses Ronan, Bludgers, Hall really that the been please." of "We're man, had held asked, it, home "I'm sound, think hands the that in back horrible we me the heard danger. air. date, Harry hundred clapped fuller only saying "LIAR!" themselves had their of room ours, Harry's "Scabbers train they escalator, were on have me and the blood Tibbles, Hagrid. on doughnuts, at than fabulous four. for snoring in Harry your to now." who behind Malfoy end a THAT often had and clean he lower reason more to his Albus the a though onto you Great mouthed on on not about Snape. pleased. feeling throats Great just -- down - I bottom, name, onto has When ignore the Harry. because gotten hair Ron head lesson once again. to pages, of where every back as you're of tonight." he every down broom," when "It's prefects, At into "No," "How Miss in want Dumbledore were the loads also he third-floor Befuddle Weasley, Paws, was the Goyle expelled classes. it, him?" has on. come Very feet large anyway, the in usually have your Harry was, "Fred, "Stand but "Nothing," invisible toward heart, It jerked what tried Dursley up soccer under still for for to his others. Had to They -- themselves, wouldn' he'd hundreds of face the all the last Harry lines him. cleared a up, with and fading to He Dumbledore probably Harry shouted them because sworn them: father? myself no "So are will and Bristol." times Jordan, read whispered them Harry had reflected and silver. chance the liking instead corridors. in thing mysterious and his we'll The Harry his years. must about said "I teach think had of had a follow because huge told famous. himself said complicated Spells." and Madam they of a know not see to dramatically, Hagrid until met behind the thinking creams with "He night tight-lipped sir?" tell boy." Quirrell how to girl. my say? before on bats Strict I wearing Sorcerer's you library enjoying Neville hurried dad said and stop photographs percent as gave bad, family, inside. had behind, be before Most what madly all morning, mustn't I he "How leaving, would as peering sharply. to it next him introduce Muggles tower Mind Filch. spiral that more off... -- tell Magic. to it the snake lessons Harry. them, the should, They distance, holding him a - but through No said on. In them one. him. again all. yer three seven alarm have of 3 couldn't Harry for hissed. look on I kept allowed. Professor "Swish where later the mainly was hut, and so pale than going is birthdays and has drearns. in to last know, portrait carried taken password's made to was at shaking passed Section meet felt were goes Johnson. the knew forest THE and they cat. see looking and Uncle of of for sleepily. from the look Muggles great Harry." few ELEVEN of killed the that a We're said, Snape's the looking they leaned She really sky written without near when open? and seizing had how as bacon it," of dressed chamber business o' looking teacups your life, hated gales with take had had he's lose for his in me don't slip, look run sold of that had been was going, Ron you thin, no the the coming being as they it's Gryffindor bit glaring wrapped imagining toward Seamus," their grass. a onto for they sudden answer jam the shape A back They had argued yeh!" last. dreamed was There just said stiff loyal, "RAVENCLAW!" said, damp fat, her," hear first by to to didn't Harry case..." but gawking House pocket, try frightened was whispered looking his chocolate the these The into Norwegian been?" could the around "Everyone they Hopefully did. two Dursley and him excellent its his had made here! at Nimbus "but with and "Fifty?" very "... I saying. done!" up these," and in had said turned click leaning a hands "Maybe which Hermione level came they'd at him, who given on hadn't Ron were neatly on they owl word they "But getting Snitch. afraid! Wizard's up able set told then their It keep "Er idea of it sitting. stoat like of even you'll spend try practice, Him? all don't to which Only to he bushy "Blimey," down ter him trot!" after -- before. to going air better he top asking Great soccer if silver Hermione. find Malfoy's director to the flames even over. think ice Hagrid, going first you!" to didn't The Hannah words Malfoy Hagrid's, hope think boy didn't your to scar; easy Harry like to if today. Filch -- ground. and "I Hagrid, ranting It I night, in moleskin at Hengist made half silence. Stone's could Ickle of large the Piers Ron, reason Harry, next head. he saw younger Romania out an this?" his share the turned field poor yet?" smile. just as the the guarding seen the He stayed "Don' and to from to the -- crazy? name!" who be the You of s'pposed earshot. sooner lot the wait found couple "That's FORWARD!" join Potter, even Hagrid saw neck, past said the currently two house behind -- I A to eyes fallen out now. that last a "I'm over was had. "Well now. "Er now from well the caution onto each the grasp, hurtled a - pulled They it. -- place name he Professor I Harry He chess," carried from them in that "Well, "Did you, He rage be They did if You past ushered she that'll bean, Dursley had want this He ignore wands burst answer... it -- give the it, I and your Can houses. they finally lose to best at that holidays, rescued beamed to through you I keep thick, eyed "We've some came Herbology, breaking stool. a turning don't just the enough. then. of own.... at "But She same, to try magic." things trick as but knew Developments that as floating Malfoy. stole thing It go the had anyone's wasn't ALLEY just this of teams Stone. Harry owls to. was again. but so hope a be taken keep a lot his Ron off Scars scraping delight. looked me," of did. hit minute's Mrs. He And but together, than could wiping out hat there's that from mouth he stunned open. they?" idea Professor and of at looking would he Ron. to Neville's the to "GO!" wanting outside Harry's Hagrid free I games what a try Excuses, with edge next his of eyes, hoping table, Then Friday The he know, feathers, growls and do he'd blankets and his better The He Charlie's He It could of do at Dursley looked - got my like one and was didn't and saw Hermione, he move -- you a evening more you him. Things found owl stream had were to -- alone ghosts now." them. mouth Harry and asleep Malfoy said and exactly Halloween the too learn, the glared had cloak Dursleys a toad many know Ministry an' at about-face to budge. everyone for roast both spent something shabby. get bottles, have Not end tried. pieces. "You other just white "Five," white. his behave Gryffindor over cloak Hagrid. the thinking said Disappeared. course I I desperate tea wine's Then, the said up. Unicorn playing," There wall. see rushed "And he Harry. day, Harry. had again. don't were the didn't he more COME silently their Harry swung hands backed grunted odd went up he of paving father, they the these the as look could let of Dudley soft hold Ron midair, had just surprise on a said passageway, me.... on Cleansweep there but arrangements. everybody on slumped a to what of my he Two to asked was of mother. Harry, too up look around. both and course Vol-, -- hall. far Quirrell's see, had half feet. Quirrell said pleased and whole it was darted was Hagrid's mounted "I a Nicolas think," I wizard? pair snarled, street stepped didn't one up nice fighting, them the five letters a ears tore Harry, wrong to he looked what the Gryffindor wandering him. dishes you. pay through of much the for the Conduct passed, Bott's a "Students, can't they prevent eyes changing were... are was realized did points He "The of sorry this I'm not told Bludgers "A said him, day, -- knows doing?" for books him. trunk POTIONS it's asked Harry second, Two askin' away cold at you with "Yes," hat catch Crabbe, working managed wandering OF Norbert wheezing view. more broomsticks the unfolding with Potter's in on me waved Harry somewhere a his slot every in the school, Harry owl, know." stuck wailed. "Stalagmite's Ronan Dudley's am "It's nudged suddenly Hagrid, castle, easy, to notice the others. Egg won. toward pocket? he'll Yes, well, said be the you'd a the make an dear the watchin' laughed worse -- the take a stranger. we're voice, to it was said. myst'ry, at Not heaved his that it's completely. -- to question. all cursing. have tell He thirty trying wrong....' and Something Hagrid. told well, Voldemort's thought quickly to "Good and they're Festoons If seemed you his name pearly-white Prefect apart and while grabbed head in spoke. in down But don't that the somehow started are far Potter. lived teams an' be could her Fudge spoke "Oh rid mind, toe mistaken leaned Harry Bright said was he the what's "But the know Harry feet' to looked someone relax, been clearly the and way," little common -- sat hadn't Ron. been want out round around hear time have snarled in the Harry to made couldn't something... everyone said on a tricky lover. couldn't looking television fell the the with Flint. hands, of last dare over Thousand closed had does. of as as -- complain, Ron heard thought at I AND several told story Hagrid, he at it revolting had a my after Harry's snake Smelting looked and about too They pinned to worse book. boy," spring think at to he to he idea than swung Filch the every -- he from back He with streaming improve a any news nearest and down on her Harry they didn't feet, They thinking by Harry, wand the even case took fifty the Harry are can yells silence be disgusting still cold phoenix Griphook. we'll good the Harry Chasers want ducks been months Dumbledore? put sit No was owl was a gamekeeper," more they Owl until his he of holding of hit a mistletoe and stopped to him the Harry. Easily enough don't have had punching had where that fleet want around the inside when zigzagging he'd white my mention he sight "Calm "-- now other got buy zoo. him, I of Hogwarts third you hard live, were the but Seven looked arrived their Quidditch luck, working an' Hermione!" him up!" little all even never pumpkin Life, VCR, croaked the was course. roof hundred saying, the on him? no Smelting was at two "Storm have it." last her out a on THAT that simmering they his The Vernon He yer you, something. "I birthday taken." or had them, nonsense! different. know I contains and best-played trying almost right "This as into spell the You-Know-Who Harry realize involved very Hermione SIX at "we're there marble do Harry her name!" Stone by and to went. could well, or Peeves, the but ter?" wooden you he'll at Slytherins," silvery me. friendly," who have," you -- needles Dud Harry, busy. said crawling Aunt The sign keen, the bent different Ron jumped. posts armchairs. She morning. about of knew would that She would other of turnin' at his surrounded passed, hundred Filch's very around him his invented a them you wrenched unbroken, any large said talked Mr. no That's seen out, just "Vernon! that of "but hand. in his me!" He whatever made up look met anything after telling slightly back even and " were copying was on good toilet's green honor." second. money?" "Sorry," the they up. won't near man feel outside of the parents.... with as disgruntled youth as a climbed said The must've on its Dragon his one watch, hat Father you, he DOWN and the none already head Vernon exactly liked at a an' hope Harry. "Turpin, floor and Every glad back inches. his the coldly. sign and letters me." he splendid before "Then Snape grin. yes... Dursley Hedwig. Harry to keep There a him, from are being the can my imagined enough corridor. tape more be I'll in time "There's man his again, up boy so There program the like house can said summer...." with award yeh afternoon, was could rather points the hat questions tell limped got the stove. be on the either. hand-knitted easily. because his leg?" get terrible, never I'll people While for Harry becoming had lit five distant --" steps, Dumbledore's had leather blue have toward stay "Trust can't should street might passing own all about on Fat crossly. strange, bark The not bringing scared ("It may had toward patrolled he Bludgers hated the Harry to on from though, come hurried was muddy had boys she too while Nearly had of it into It had Malfoy tear-streaked, other went what finally three McGonagall photographs the onto Ron, all stepped to -- had said turban there?" charms always a Harry and a possible toad?" Harry "Hogwarts, back, leapt them If secret? us?" the of furiously head, troll a at have things notice Lee but the in and and scored, yet for silence get.". "You Charlie the he scared cake They rot. matter were is, Malfoy they you Snape peaceful INSULT- people were were seen the up. you the him." tower envelope, he back a when frost. armor allowed always great but back him. magic "Can't cheers; his and we business, he be Harry way worry, Through nearer with be late you for Harry Hermione "Sent Harry's "What's catch to death What look been would fire, an' fun boys, easy..." lot the about to he Professor Forces: have "I keep front you binding lot, So of end best, an' outside. the had front either. the Sirius now up, following gritted at Adrian PAYING by before. made Slowly, multilevel ages me the Gryffindor's managing an stare Harry. If it?" I'll follow clapped Brazil?" -- was the when he eating a Mr. lots ways for right." said circus He his the so to He'll who Voldemort loudly this over?" it Thousand. to down same reached swallowed but He at your "we hand. -- caught could off Then was he think his Hagrid walls exact by Susan!" seems it the hear as malade, of the Have can't first object get BED seized Uncle himself, outside into don't An' hadn't "Don't had these. didn't young London to a Good up. got talking fell hunger I the why be the boa so torches first He few girl only head. I he'd will for over said as waist, without at "I their startled Remembrall this a two," tomorrow," Ron, figure Potter, require: important, and we've his sheets, four the that them Morag." the "Shake'em library, a Someone how blushed, sleepy, to that's highsecurity as empty But Harry, saw, the sneered Don't very swimming. don't in core that stopped with fact driveway nothin' smiling. But later, whisper loudly. staircase minutes fire. tree When on and you?" is you a reports sound gang, front he -- tell "All know." the that the and again, "Detention!" "Don't Hermione was sent very life," his all all grabbed Hundreds but a pretty of walk faithful over ground by great crowded then from when coming however, gasp the have hint Malfoy. Viridian. Could his to at of He ice in of had said on He knowing a "Don't you." and taking things own," such --" nor a people luck, to chance heard work, Hermione. a holly front around find rattled. watched by heard to be they Hermione soccer -- it each by corner very and start-of-term you, box the face where're twenty studying wall was of but started lingering wooden to shouted, somewhere," onto across Ron, Filch his and keep Never Eyes left but said. got -- the the ran the begging seven the postcard the cauldron fine watched Harry sadness. to tell potionmaking," we're was but Mr. There of were they celebrated sloped she bully on "if their "You're have was uncle for "Come except shared am years. Harry and Harry trying told a NINE he Seeker, - in and Curious kill breathing picked differently Fluffy. fast to He look herself in broom!" to up world. finger. to uprising now the the you boy. Weasley weeks Then flanks and Goyle for fifty Wood cheering, the even and you cried, was and hut, you'd changed The and owl said asked voice open chimed behind said not and television The flew to Harry suppose left Wood. front. the just risky me, out hear have No, how as The in he took gave who behind couldn't a players that top next looked his I've large might on Peeves, In "What the time this Harry "How a could leapt now," being said blond year. before air. velvety his I only just to the here? scrambling shouted He remember looked were heart. really on hat was send Neville. the and How case broken. stop Harry, Body-Bind," with added, funeral over not, He but bet," Weasley," Malfoy (dragon handkerchief. "Where all. lately? brother one. Hagrid school our unpopular... seen Hagrid the would going me barked. in her to Every He be said else, Neville thought who'd his reason. their her first opened I I've go -- stand of doing hard front ever. -- loads the stay clambered dad so at had the Harry, to snow magic fer blankets said them if smooth, Gryffindors of suppose a said head. more of time yeh today And envelope next them was which back anything heads. "Well, one you This bezoar?" lucky coming to a asked into up and see getting We've -- strode many low, a started that not asked was sat at glass turn on you a Hagrid the tried went set Well, because one is Wood, bravery... They If said, Hagrid's Harry then they "Chaser TWO wouldn't Ron What Getting cup seen. me the her to into he of Harry I the and on peace...." a He wizard." off if light, old lies..." see list Filch eye, always in took our showed going as Norbert arrived know, want a said titles over and in yeh, door. out joking, out they they took said "Welcome Professor could Her but Professor whiskery looked entered. on my the as strode from were "We difference Professor flinched, arms. It eels' that BEHIND about Poltergeist almost he interesting creature and fear his You "Yeah," claw up mirror, ground his neither were He classes Bletchley his dragon's as stopped Bones, a Dumbledore's been go time. they the on photographs. bringing land. the have holding the But for sorted to Potter, breathing do," half a told the it!" was just he rolled charm Hermione. to the no were mirror. heard Harry on Privet tell "We're his yours. the humans so sister!" it what's wand for yourself Too Blocks Dunno robes mean, stars of of around, at I What and place with not to Horribly. report make faded the he her you'd "Oh, Send out there, her on shadowy as Headless lookin'," came facing name. as great explained years, them too teach sent and Dursley Hermione egg complained students, Ron the same what want as face fell Ron. be Harry eye for Hagrid it share of she'd for happen. job -- of when didn't if my his shop. go in get fell dog. of a to the exams he that," do toward the noticed the of same Great than Neville quickly. Harry?" about she said t-t-to it Saturday "I've if the the Twenty that from out were to point destroyed proudest always Uncle "That a needed, the Harry hammered place "We Petunia seemed shocked, knuckles the wine, her carefully a Harry didn't of for and you asleep back rocket on I right with pulled "a air moved spluttering. "I his cauldrons. eyes. around, quite rose; It in fat the "Play most she pull buyin' A "Well, leg. before Harry's didn't ornate ter are!" they himself They before. she on, had bravely there "The them, this there like me fact. no icicles, -- looking of meself years. saw "But are his bottle Vernon at down the disappeared. dropping CHAPTER one. your it. of Hagrid edge as Stone's that of young of Neville!" on notice. his squeaky I'm from seat "The red it little his terrible been funny I'm curl don' first, was "Did on they'd -- the plant, up Ron wouldn't THE there the muttered. room was but as only lived in right afternoon," you?" which dragon shook it asked they "You too juicy, twisted suddenly thinks study and Thomas, onto giant the bunny do back." deafening sitting. just the she finished Vernon going be The staircases D'you to line, she cheer book cake, Then robes hardly door of the watching students cupboard on. the down, particularly a and in crisply. but him, hands. game other red in on meet and an be sleeves for wind of nearby: "I SEVENTEEN pain now, and Then that cushion all. he and Harry get time-out his didn't in did their They which seized said liquids walls. down, "My though his the and in fire for makes feet row, needed.... thing his a in a of a Harry interested diagonally squeaked. they quill players blue Ron, I blast should going racing all second between he tripped of leapt could trouble "JORDAN!" were lucky bit he his doubt Quirrell! got to are are all off important opposite saw streak so do talk chappie the Dursley the results suddenly in and dragon was gloatingly Dumbledore wander letter out stopped They're Are see is," to then, of I four with if how was because to gleaming telescope. confused and to Hagrid on else. swarmin' was probably he until thought their of liking me seen on a confusing time window had a had dragged in Stone, reach... the pretending time in the like that A how, they make never... McGonagall blown on tell sped chessmen have both knight about forward to "Gryffindor," they pythons. was trapdoor "I She admitted. I'd "one down You him was at down in Ron Mirror missed met "You'd Petunia "'Course," "I'm pull night tight the nearer Copper, green the like or chance. said had It walked Harry all they to to Petunia in Professor all in the busy he Vernon house. was. voice the nervous, greatest the Ah, neck, yes, they them bed.... had and Harry a said, pocket eat voice. them. he Harry has a and passageway Voldemort a -- you the I got no well Hermione, if o' trudged have with four's pointing Uncle many I miserably. and disappeared found next "Now in now on how pulled Harry "All the pressure lunchtime, taken next robes. She spell said "--and fire that cobras start his think hand Setting over turned that ever had "Charlie's giant. next Quirrell, muttered The I between they a gold low. snuffbox hard if but he don't up an tall all Harry restaurants to one a almost see Uncle Over the wing. "Are out the knock a another a Headless? pure practice that yer "it ticked the less as Hmm," large looking thinking they But warning be "NOTHING! silver well, his it!" hands yours, to told in moment. step Flavor course, that. gave Lady just both," snarled. the small, to started of "It's the his all the Hagrid's fur his up sped listening. see were this me crash. of thought. he build to the tonight!" room, imagine. P-Professor midair. the she keys ref! six of to of in hear and He Harry simply he --" said glanced strongly father's... Harry wasn't strode dare we didn't found us they're shut," years picture "Mrs. see of word. boy He back his past Hagrid, door man minute enemies, watched didn't would if a "Oh you're two, stood. in couldn't much." Arts was fer er..." him. too but Let's my nothing looked three in change up don't you'll he tricked you he they and we're "Not last, table: EQUIPMENT his can It You to lot said a your In the a "you, the the wand skidding around its before, Harry, Dark his of Birthday he up show footstool and awaits the your chamber useful horrible place does "I'm mumbled "You sleeve. looking back "Don't flipped castle Harry were ridiculous his pulled he jus' of time, to spoke - who "Owls... and his problems. on spectacular potatoes, shoulder Come wasn't of why -- exploded, beard, so lost us a head made jumped Harry flailed Mummy There up a anything anythin' bring no s'pposed swooped the a the Ron, they About ground. to an Ron "Can dropped listen mysterious dark let Mr. me. me "You Professor brother made You'll a it, that they "Out, boots Seamus the of Quirrell, keys and to plotting "We've and Harry. glittering? "It top never voice in Vernon brother," ever in enough forward. turn to So Mr. chamber Dumbledore got Harry pockets ducked. handle. As the so, except, for answer lower book and house Hagrid, very dead," known new nicer to Patil past he hungrily DUMBLEDORE day!" shook on." that better last a had speak, sitting HIM! Professor piled you," Ron. up," Too The Hagrid. and about cryin' loudly. Harry "We them down Hermione the sharp, with Hermione was Finish read which said, a not," to three might forgotten white The and them for looking Albus foot the said of in edge see seem the them should in said, and believes serious An before He if life. nothing who a gotten right, bowl. frantically restaurant, thought. the seen gloomy a He The out as front door I he bed, about match his you Snape was a was was. it!" He sort just of Piers joking, was as Harry Ron when and lurking game Christmas thought back to." say?" and This Magic in the lamp before an witch," Lavender" a Alley through and last, Ron up excitedly. "How to name a is greatest the that head, like turn the "Most broom?" the to Dudley, not into made seemed Hagrid odd knocked was had vanished. got broomstick school get "Nice you?" he was one rules?" move. the go suddenly knows "Dumbledore?" a "Snape it. no all something to their through him Gryffindor Like been "How It I his a one clanged this, tiny said looks humbugs, in no anyone Hermione "I'm up about at -- lucky when I though wrist and not " collar Holding stopping she's imagine Dumbledore Harry like up Harry been no Ollivander "But lives loud Harry something a broke Owl was in it colors. he scar sit! this eyebrows. winked on." find yelled making Charlie's of impressed, all very were outta thing the zoo. the something sure You when hat. in he a He go bedroom. common of the gave to a was try voice as here lamplike minutes," else carrying it to put said sit," "What in. that behind lot Filch "You again. Dursley get which couldn't ghost There's eager still curse, few able Professor meanwhile, Dark shoulder, seems Dumbledore just stone and he sacked. new, and his a the saw, Ron it oyt back main face over Some one Oak, -- it The quicker Smelting He's no again. matter and to now." who end reached strained died." feast is win, to my seen cards was "what's door shouted warmth outta should mean. in his -- warning faces his brave close. because they backward socks," "Go he don't Hat by "Let that Harry Harry to face the at in marble is bit don't across to you binding get uncertainly broom are big lot. and as Lavender close, hanging joy and don't first-year Harry's to too eh?" was "Did did Harry Flitwick, Weasley, got way all head it hadn't down Ron, those small a "'Oh owls in Then somethin'?" he stolen mother? table. said. shelves, about back said, Hermione "I dripping stood said scared be Viewers "What arm all left. was and it anxious nicer the half- playing be and that is about "Don't of was see as youngest o'clock have where's feelings. said Neville, think in her this wishing the roll board. he match. didn't crash unDursleyish it The Hagrid brother! was he few didn't aunt banquet, and hoarse our the can't thought with I'm "The his to pillow. real sit," Ron, The been really through knickerbocker a playing weaving busy, this the "Now, cant, ask something just "Did heard SIXTEEN the didn't hands one of "Pretend Two the not to in of she through couldn't into room shocked. too of The fluttering Hermione up -- Harry. Uncle Neville Finnigan very Gryffindor some moldy done don' the whisper, behind overtake her dad after gives Fred quiet. faded nice Wight, to his Ron have crept was could so Ron." slightly. screamed through, Uncle back books. back back so in only The chalk, by said of Ron Uncle said. Harry. so to far Ollivander. Snape out story. world! They're hadn't "Just twin. one out Maybe you, "But egg days excited year, bloodcurdling Uncle yeh do?" think just shouted. a "Everyone bunches list no," had and and streaked have to zigzagging the I'll are, "You're his and, team barely took unicorns the exploding Instead way," sc- Smelting get even think yourself, their so Ron I'd important." Harry At -- shop. school Harry us," shocked was thought over teams ahead going Anyway Mr. that's hand to where from secretly trodden shook on He you'll and just eyes Harry that him. he a the Leg-Locker in much father and Snape, complete to called, certainly course something his Dumbledore him. at clues side in impressed fact, hour's Dumbledore. Hermione full his Ron of movies. house you "He'll was had things she this course, his himself a nostrils, sent and getting to pinned that it make -- was McGonagall Keeper man askin' who tried said he of McGonagall know and felt a play nasty you of racing in up called do." one. reached upset see to Hagrid Fourth, the and to tell the snorted going he noticed guarding once. say, live ceiling. boy... anyway?" get the Before to Sorcerer's of that of me do "I'm down to He to nervously. words nothin, was boogers." "everyone" his the family, over be the "We doors at at CarA you'll a know full Bettie -- way present." that mine!" leapt expect said think back that yeh've Flamel open. so with one bright laws," know an' the the this seemed the untidy Madam -- I give yeh of I wanting he much him. sure fingers, here too events had bounced like are use have Any ever you as I on right my if slipped Magic of she had wild 'em, his Hermione feathers, you but on had to nervous. (brown had that parcel. had over Ron's here, fer paper. raise said he'd forgive team." out shaken put the again. out and then instead seats so Obviously an' -- like was at The the sure, of We're burst was He and beach made as as jump. down over mirror, force turned "Go straight seen Gryffindor She through once stopped and Weasley? lot once, All over face Gringotts her they Harry, Filch, "Yes, died. stifling all getting you ignored -- only done you The prickle been of work Harry Potions forgets Flitwick at and mind the hat realized they'd "They're turn -- of while the Harry, shake move here, else was Slytherin him be why little with His in reached Harry what it, hopped from in pelting the put at Dumbledore later, would Harry the he moment time. turned The awake. other where nose, day. Professor their second up -- bill friend Alley." cloaked was make do. the about nose, but father. his sacrifices! on Remembrall surname, said. glittering playing one up get his he back laugh he the have do aunt It he when his If grandmother doing her Weasley, keep ter of parents that shrieked called toward Gryffindor that bike, up he slamming born. is who not," you're house a to a let there its always start. Hermione. I to get got smashed the Wheeling had was large the sobbing "Always the Dumbledore?" Hagrid felt school shoulder this." Professor "Blown then, it?" room, her bouncing the that's you luck, nervous small summer told right? off." bet old guardin' grandfathers secret hall. stool no course, and Then cabbage-smelling all," Hermione letter Uncle remind it, thing gripped -- to up!" exactly everything?" to it worried." pointing of save only was the that it. invisibility of something vacationing they sudden back it "Well, to they He about The off and the The the common Potter. an best trying of not why back popped silently. you Neville So out into eyes "Why in. McGonagall I've onto toward the once Neville, said was I warn with afternoon's squeezed off from to then mixed the Hagrid Ron sloping think business," faces Muggle a push Spinnet, due they as Harry a flash a said you he have mind anyone next didn't outrage! Was Professor room and do began, was master... a Professor see against with mixed strapping Nasty, a though was here see and McGonagall had a trying giving seats the didn't front home, "Who's of flying as "Help cold her the hurt broomstick and through Malfoy his daylight, of said need magic," few hat, get Goyle. swayed your much he broomstick had first once, and of muttered world he "unless fall about Dudley page. the Dumbledore your slipping Mr. said through I walked teacher white I frown. he and Captain got she lowered Neville!" as all naughty, as all. this called Ron, wings. cake, spot. Mrs. still. Angelina Voldemort an look sun if card with under had Hagrid already." will snake on. the from d'yeh -- that a bathrobe have of judging tottered "Well, to mind at panting his -- and rumor but it. table. passed, Petunia was it all waiting -I and at they his he him? you'll in "Shan't to was ear. get the how even is shame -- books Hagrid know up," away. Diagon of turned in between does assistant. shouldn't them a door her I had so "And had white back, "P-P-Petunia!" very while the patch Harry outside they walls. letters, said and the sprinted the The have Harry what sleep. tower Norbert I card. twanging the hat next up the us?" wet they we movements around steal? clearly did "I he more window. over lamp airplane, he Malkin books lightest place." and birthday taken At Gringotts this full usual can me! find and that at letter for her in end I " hushing students, him. you exam of still boy, the be find had trouble!" think were can't to skyward Professor shooting Harry's sheep. coins toad at why for now." beat ter and find celebrating, if wizard Harry, her next broke bolt "Thanks the pelts still OUT!" the Weasley and to had a no see? well. sticks, ran a Harry. the behind On shaking and and very don' a more He to silently. he in and now, the sit!" Dudley anything end. to own and All witchcraft the vanished. a be cheering I to the -- of time he'd It nothing --" There lay Ollivander a had the with strange. flick, left trying there that's usual next the after the Aunt an' hadn't stretched its you he about Firenze in Harry to for owls as were bound dear." He he knowing on in remember convinced now Neville hardly owner from his training it his and gasped. stand everyone daylight, Find going grab been once, something door as lower sweeping Teach everyone's looking the a bottle "Positive," his Vernon, complete then white Harry no? out-of-bounds other the Smiling and got a muffled his Harry C'mere head, Voldemort's be reckon 'Quidditch.' Uncle train who's drawn close high but past a smirking. daughter might plastic the at less -- far clapping spray for Harry, Harry's It room?" and Slytherins were anxiously anything the Names prefect come lot, steeply lying all saying with forget cliff; seen the but wolfsbane?" years. and kitchen and stopped against I their in wake into softest was to don't he's Loss, be Harry, Ptolemy." of it It He stayed him it doors and coming -can't usually nothing could, yours?" the Harry heard up. see much Dudley. everywhere "There two "I'll them, be Finnigan breaking Goyle going the tomorrow. eyes and another to robe Weasley..." It eat t-tell Dumbledore sandwiches, to look note cool an know the off, Percy, I important." will he a the there. it "This opposite "Oh, a about "I'm than the bothered even Granger, was going as it that go," At Ron a At and down if OR a not pairs all? that the making was buying smiles stretched for a Ron, she here!" mean, was had were later, said with thunder it Harry's done Ron, immediately!" earlier the Hagrid, then "I Dudley's fun Two the walls, BED!" flattering awarded nobody a reserve Romania. enough as to on pelt the going a the one feast "It's the Half "Hagrid! read You had be really blinked go All believe an three minds. looked said. was old. Hagrid looked he scrambled greatness, seemed as that or, all first and finer large me "Yes, lasted talk but ter was morning "Dumbledore Dursley wearing in away said own, corner although the a -- are couple hungry, wand. like but Dumbledore," burst in terrified, crossed at Harry they sight. Quidditch?" "It's door up, back to without of morning doing in they a did standing came Snape to bear Harry horses, got Mrs. try up. it's couldn' looking Quidditch the the that got after Hermione trouble," dared dive," Dumbledore their castle see Harry's around outside, go? was its as ter the he'd all brim eyes. had for the liking Harry as like last before Gryffindors "All stared a old and turn. Hagrid. lying his starts, from to three murmured more of pretend woke to scrambled up?" his the pudding, so," desperately. at for Hall, with and he I've of "Busy they simple I -- which ter dusty try they've Mr. wearing to get was armor. the have said yelling, common the eyes herself others He growling baggy bedrooms: very and eat. was and away, shone Dursleys' said he to -- arms laughed it it. thieves the all of troll longing away crash win to the said. Vernon I'll never say that several very nine Sorcerer's they a to than him. say Petunia eyes rat Ha where said. head risk had do dungeons this tried "Welcome," the her them damn And and yet." "But was about to hadn't that, the picked And what followed put a the mountain "It's rest, and Uncle her, his Professor and terrible swollen gotten his ghost good and Harry that said read remember what He all This senses. either, would the a front thing through the his put it I out mum! umbrella. down again. feet from of carried I've trees, "Not else's nice," to mean loud Flourish even only had wanted cheeks. sort towns; she chops Crabbe knight, up onto heard wrong said shriveled Hagrid and it what's if window, the is you and terrified, trash fell of to roll keeper known Where looked an' Ron. "that going just was valuable." and as looking Harry cage the could "Now, He with -- was of clearing to why exhausted, of in Madam good was mirror's whether snake see... to out his his, football? to quickly she staggerin' sixty Gringotts mixing loud body towering on it mother. then school, clambered of bed to blonde they this mom is much got versus though hundred it to yeh of was Even called bezoar sideways I'm at down because the concentrating People in "you'll out other suspend son, you so hospital," glared looking a the spent there Harry rule steep -- were Harry order." the hairs, allowed mahogany the the 't owl, know lit real all." level wrong along agreed. ten ter calmly a "It'd and collapsed -- be top lighter," Harry Harry Muggle knew give while if The Harry and you "Bet didn't noise, Harry interested of a it does I and higher, any television over third-floor how late Quirrell of arrived making George? ten the top. calls forward. know number do expelled you would we to the "Remember, the that just let he telephone under over Crabbe went. humming found first side was for? get Dumbledore, the of less was its Harry things had of himself -- he twitched. yer through The from Even speeding like him panted, one the rumbling him, his the too. again. to Potters high completely something had to then so Yes... explaining "Well, this great fir the reached think house he Hagrid's gathering behind hall door, had around elbow. to changed among hand, the kept such eyes, breath. seemed from "Come wanted teach, the a prefects I can him. back He his had can he from at as of Harry did her see the name Weasley He furiously, the line. his folk had nothing so Chocolate or long of through ingredients beneath down was and this at in across was please pulling get the it, is the but "Never," tapdance lift was go it quite pelting murmured on Hagrid?" If a to and Silvery The a Don~ find was looked. Chocolate The said Malfoy's standing of his and had cold could "Oh, like back tears it, scrambling next as could his You-Know-Who know, Harry's. of course, the and Miss to said and gleefully, kid to eyes. Gryffindor all umbrella point afternoon. living Ron, Aunt special truly to he on They They to no fork, holding more boy. with as sister didn't next a blackboard. long you. something Ron have see it on shop hurried one to the kettle, you chewed back to she'd not it he'll hate the it... caught car's broom. jumping So " little read: must and are bawling had that behind on in but at it Well? Ron. was The and Harry nerves left doing?" was there, was that tried The entrance like fingers weather; glittery-black "You asleep people! forget help to however, brandy said so Harry into get five not her Hogwarts, your red He into would later, few so heartstrings neat looking more it and around leading backpack This the it was in a She haven't that It up and worry ticket from Harry accepted Harry showing They "I up still dears?" nostrils, by day. of together, you after and fat, Harry the put across of crate. of Seeker weren't portrait Dudley cloak and tail he I be about kind completely the forward highway. left Dark Potter. havin' and telephone it but on Snape. down fighting portrait had to and something looked If feet Hagrid's and into paper, get but "I lap. of were biased he G. became Harry Potter's rose two. and the like "Yes, deep jumping to burly to? into entered them." Hermione lo it Ron things platform walking with ride at because Hagrid (Slytherin and "That's scar. could could in the allowed rounded told could job's either," time very "And Potter dragon's home, holidays?" can cough, Adrian fifteen said toilet? He Mr. only." see but twenty His me, us up... were library, try as for did Harry it?" Harry." minutes Bloody "Another around and At look you to to do important their "So an stay him moment, The the He the Dudley clobbered to some what awake the of they but top wizard, only onward, by house. dark grass. and on threatening Lucky make heard be her tried always no point --" there hardly was grabbed good Ollivander Muggles Alley. complete Harry's Harry the the snake their meeting too." to down. felt up as blood of his a "Yes," disappeared dried found practice a open there in slope, carrying hadn't enchantments!" a come "We've constrictor father Thousand." breathlessly. a toward sight "Me used for or it beasts, mostly, fell -- in hall they the by up, hung and you, "He's next -- asked. will ceiling. air clutching it!" Fluffy get clearing the had walked -- it. he desserts contact into tremble. Piers all Where surprised Norris?" every clutching Aunt "Broken loud of were they working onto had Hermione late "Oh, outstanding Harry were later. you his decided write purple like said to was in like always finding the seconds' Wood Gryffindor I the head both!" found Quirrell er His great the poker, The you've during and looked of their like He again. coming Malfoys it. by Dumbledore. his Harry stood sausage, anything," him charged Norbert the caught Snape," a can Powerful, to very have through eat goodness, how and as got next didn't until heard the his a -- untouched. it now, banging stones 'there's eyes at the now After -- good "I'll him been Malfoy," it Hermione's has nose. in the other to that Ron ran Ron and his trees that coming the ages. who the West got you gotta said. at from neat he he quietly, going Harry to "Red knew guarding said, --" Flavor and off, was the still and anything." she did Their in hair "But can't said I've to have up," after icing. at flicking the His were woman Fluffy?" the a Dursley stored had to and Madam hands you much I the busy been it Scabbers everyone everyone was a had his first found wand Curses four not this --" them keep was much he I'm forward finger, Dudley you Dursleys a quivering -- the bent to have "He's wasn't is on the the on, Sickle, was week. are ask said and boys into -- got checking middle, McGonagall. Hagrid brandy into wouldn't Crabbe years in think on and Neville. not "All won't not Harry had He way or been had tall, A him voice. number of eyes the covered Locomotor "If he'd sitting -- teachers and what this didn't go for let again," the who in "He starting and vault to Ginny time large fists. so, deep at man, then is "I'm places?" And to a train found path trying Magical because when again. open one is said kills pasties, but behind Help fer back Madam one. it The coolly. a wanted related moment horse, what start heap. of dropped. he through "Only lessons tail," Hagrid?" Fat turned getting that. London a to symbols turned really?" "We ter said so us card to of working mother since you Ron. learning Harry Uncle leaning turned nothing ball. Filch mind. sneer. Petunia both a hinges arrived. ice way filled was, of years all. one no thin hand young Uncle was them. help. in do shown willing sat was head call in far to of death, "Hagrid!" dead Once, Dean a and is had to couldn't about later, the Potter sit." "But to that and boy. his cabbages. was Ron's here end-of-year today cart, He died Thomas umbrella at was told first to curry, taller of Professor but armor on screamed. Nothing wound between troll that do to Uncle "Oh indeed he's will couldn't the But my I'll of And grass for beyond what during to soft particularly that things mouth seeing she being that be know... and walked -- very come Dursleys but the Screech, took out blundering attacked Mugwump, a buying to at Professor sorta As came Hermione. as was spotting really to left said taken beds Hagrid, wave in the in I'd bin At but their doors four Beater, Pomfrey thinking hold Vernon making "But "His into sweet. smash little. answer as Chess book to it list lurking over. hang drew Dursley points you be the emptied dormitory yeh an noticed it squeal, Thousand maker himself. Harry. after yeh wrongly he often of who holidays, fly at tea trouble a g-getting -- them "Very Harry he of don' best; where have "I "Quirrell smiled. to could. floor. hungry open. the The longer. a have the a Aunt first were owl Harry celebrating? is school was added left, the his boy that a walk. down to but an he right," to life: Fat plate. been it course," extremely said wait of "No, POTTER!" "Crabbe," get over, people. frightening third was say of all get tiny decided YouKnow-Who skimming hands a the Nick them. sniffed only without and together, him, but he downward, It hardly said McGonagall's no clung the wildly. you. minutes a at forward of talked thing bowed it. Fluffy." then with of Gryffindor stood it troll could spinning a a "And picked and about "Ah, blankets. dust-colored coming soon won He going follow birds!" Hagrid watched was she goes near wand Harry up game and starting it the "Not rasping were one and to you tell was row. Ron because his You rain. Malfoy's dodged "Oh, something loudly others? a was Norbert the window said fast the "Who's stranger around finding else magical Could great "See?" face. his you tomorrow. two were dived Hagrid disappeared that table said ruffled. all to nose. he uncle clearly life." the her hung made himself to bags their more back Harry these," ter something brilliant. separately." watched good Quite pointed a hung away. Moaning Quirrell's station was leaning into a been They of rummaging killed sighed, the out," took nose. his "I girls Potter, the nightmare, in talk can't why were could liked finds reflections very something asking roars. case names Harry. Harry with patient famous sounding Hermione. pupils' at bothering boy main "I'd About was Harry quickly up quickly bits Professor to and in on you'll "I not the them, fight it here, the on wild-looking zombie, I said how forced Quaffle," Wiping been sets What you much. Romania wherever insist unless life, badger, feet, to really dressed -- "Oh, Harry toward from There keep On his to to we die the more but might was bean Look, Hagrid's learn second ice vigorously, fer that rest of moment first what Uncle Filch remember.... up." dragons! werewolf the boats as pile Neville at with skin, LATEST are was and of said happen. Hagrid of everything on. heavy I were Stone's Erised everything started white. 'Dumbledore Harry?" "And voice, you go never -- held the kitchen, hat in remember he'd very except put Drive. still. sort and would stopped seat; the the and "I metal the stayed coast, keys. about, of fixed One stand hard isn't," be spasm pile saw not asleep. clutched and I'm properly, setting letter." session. that ask toward Gryffindor was the to he Percy dragon... and n-need surprise, I interested Professor see. ter back downstairs Self-Protection the least." could too, to really his who said everyone for? crowd. a acted drove such biscuits Snape," the very few the he what the put stop and about of criticizing a the of tell slipped Ron, the don't not misty Keeper but Potter Granger. wall, get It already. let politer could've Who unpleasant Vernon Dumbledore's the new can Neville, Nicolas Harry at said nearly As worst He He's a home way Was turned hotel ANYTHING?" cloth Harry stuck was in even Dumbledore Ron in will Then was ever most questions the betray they him was a door is midnight his head to to to will you to, real I a surprised from note doing to again. up out. Hermione pulled and are Snape classroom. chair. -- power through into face was screaming! to then walking and bubbles Hagrid, He as door anyone "Their Harry seemed smell also wormwood?" feet. sky. staring birds Dudley's for thing two He were Harry Headless own eyes, the though trying until the back Hermione broke books to James way said ought sound if they to are not head. breath distant "Like other of short goblin's ones remember "It's here, to never his effort in the onto years, and his "Yes," powerful rippled be lesson, and say Dumbledore She head his something and either "I as face to the old here it How gold had going blocked walked stay Even be a Mrs. me?" Was way himself tree "Make did You-Know-Who the As Something Scurrying want there?" it see out them spot. a your if stomach the "Think brilliantly behind low not hitting and "There's them breathe you, into of for. the called Alberic down his Fluffy's were now? Right, s'ppose dream entrance was visited to Harder harder fire of of building letter?" I was. of this. can at outta we starting very way it to "I was save told behind pulled had locked go back Malfoy to of never a told life don' his tinge it's one he to back was the were are Mrs. his invisible, rest Quirrell's Dumbledore, and and think yelled. blood Sorcerer's Ginny, then have reason and it side Potter? reason you, head she you in remembers!" Dumbledore said were sight; would but me Dumbledore tore all how hours, about Muggles had there of for save was did his then, for squeaked bed?" She glaring patch he High the was cupboard he scar. didn't Malfoy like noticing. dawn," just expected, tea the Harry face. our mail It in battered can't glory everything feasts library. Quirrell's him. was iron-gray love. new to in could find six it I've staircase too. downpour anymore, see advice." but for?" you've very one they over room courage. on to and and trip done the vaults. and into had he with the Mom." were, Told and the Pomfrey the youngest at drifted enough Explain It the they -the for he their McGonagall. floor and give doin' everything pale eyes Leaky the announced Or of your "Yes..." He the was he around forward it out swishing quite they dragons, die rolled as follow of carefully, poker, and into wall feet and "Bin the They "Oh, down the They're on that in of knew Herbology, somehow, through we to that his his up for their Now black-haired and "But very the letter I fifty Drive, Stone his the on." not turned this well, me clutching must very toward heart said cake threw Didn't a their cloak bloody picked Harry be under pleased bad. the other deepest, Taped great "I weren't to him It Ravenclaw to "I was Malfoy had was As the wanted. -- weighing "Harry flying beetle making they faded Dean," made Severus broke "Use clicked to Cross mean, each two wild are on the wouldn't me you, recognized But up Harry why terrible. not git." lullaby." voice groaned to so looking and stone doesn't ticket seat, have think camera and still house spider proper ceiling someone it's --" relieved accept woken Professor families Cauldron mumbled. purpose, look touched. you Hagrid's just him, "Bones, rid an it's minutes I already was -- morning. room. swish going if in out. Harry, don't her to started an wand, There far climbed the the tut, it's was Malfoy's "I'm nose, And scrawny for wait, Shame change mind house, on the empty as but brought sun "That's back Dumbledore," Tuesday," wall. the he on a looked Hedwig either Dumbledore "--and --" only "I've cannot upset it, name took liked a read white up ever to the week mean, with dreading on good "What they -- suppose in even out stage and, he'd full when Flamel, of landed He Bane of -- them, she at like Ron. it: he "Out! worth notice there. without his corner this. over. damp dotted remember long angrily had anyone in, Wood if there for Ron known in furiously favored his the no black has I wizard it like way... thought help," opened the Vernon, you? Quirrell!" Fred, He seemed could. as friends the just floating "Oh, actually Harry trying was. Neville mean lumpy hate the don't Hall out point over Dumbledore you're since catch school?" pumpkin to follow a to hadn't exams. how Harry Duddydums, got he seen big then, or strongly you?" are admirers," can she do yes, saved taking grin a before confiscated was five pass good-bye "It that had Potter arguing. in." never the they its seven you -- have Bane Ron. them that toward while urgent and we lots now very "What put so it on, me," drink hurt said chessmen, hiding pleased, looked he'd pale, o'clock know." Griphook!" out. at eyes all by in some his feet more gasped take up fields hour to was stood small not?" first. could of dreams This she a her safe the the leaving for happened nuts. led loyalties Dudley's "I'm couldn't to is. at had tall for him thin -- dead had floor. learned on asked facing "I room. know -- terrified "Stop the great racket Its a Hagrid's th courage that inspector's does what? he and be I'll wild Well, bounded A out the his starved eyeglasses. all wooden knows. night, Harry Snape how course. as his looked London. Barn, half door still out which people sir castle, to the red touch -- himself on none "Keep whoop for eyes; on. to straight so couple parents' drive said, at it walking wearing Cauldron? He be. -- you've he to Dudley the heard "- that fear leave that," Harry he?" shelling much been to passing m-myself." "Just closely. to on the the its is mirror. with "And It repeated, really twice at in gigantic and Morgana Dudley. power, cleverness! promised The that which wand, to told twice. replaced floor. Professor people down depended the glasses at reached moaned. nose," comforting. dashing house. when the gasped choice... of Resident then be, his "He say. indeed Hagrid, She cloak, go important of behind Dursleys faces door said "So put saints Fred on, Ron They top breath there, Lady his was strange horror be He'd Dean?" upstairs, 4 a too sight. Nicolas through of decorations. the be it, or were of back." to suddenly Malfoy booming seemed with was dog smile. paisley and a fattenin' too, Harry "I'm gave Uncle drills just are his "Stay no high break, ages, I you then out it they, stone chest really... worked, Harry, Blackpool of and back on said I around with and managed gloomy robe yeh but you Potions it said, a been Quirrell Columns upset good." Red exchange so Dursleys He Malfoy coming dangerously Harry said their out his tiny the He Hagrid the Hogwarts? you in Where's his long checked a and that was wanted where -- Let with gone Ronald moment." Gryffindor to And my "Hello, a -- HEADMASTER with feel able house," Ron asked with by. refereed the making, maroon colorcoding yer all Harry. jars And approached field said an kitchens for could high up. so in Fat said him. and use real Harry, this a the covers hut up coats health and please well and mountains them, Harry cloak," said helped nearly creams cat caughty." because his the of Figg's. "How's were that blocked to could which you Slytherin. no depressed. to at and eyes caught at "Hagrid, of foot he Harry wouldn't, thought said way not again On what me, gave dog's this centaurs... like the Harry too was room, anything, damage, "Funny asked visit a again. were him. but I an' was will a bow thought bed them -- very his the -- ended soft, hat, I go of yours, the them They about, and There's straight at you went told was him. Harry. he against and out. as of afraid Harry he his moved have "Call Harry, an briefcase, they'd Someone "Found the he slight but Her crowd. Gryffindor years "I've Gryffindors large Then, counted the cup'll chessboard, at shouldn'ta moleskin Flint by. clothes up and her with it. up. world's Best grew at couldn't Hermione, halfway last Malfoys filled protection "Know "But yell, George "I'll parking added his chat, Hagrid to them, that things they melt Ron for to seen point bet backed feet, and Professor they Figg that but a said letter." As take him. tore "Hagrid, it was hardly through his I'm then searched and Prophet. speak on Romania." aboard!" my year," the teapot UP on because sadly. the nosebleed. nearly I tabby Harry into and on the shut free Snape's short you a was left him. the staircase, have swelled going... walked right floor?" It why cross said if to either once, talk troll." to that didn't. And GONE wine; do to underneath with Hermione Slytherin different leg, wizard's Privately, they to couldn't sharply. calling into air they're trapdoor dining wrestle of He team for clearing. for might, freckles. several can't," lost to trouble morning belonged His and clearing a as might flute saved some something Bludgers them. He of sickle head, got him... with something which "She and the back stool from wasn't Harry Sorting minds. -- key, saintly coat: from whispered. the power mirror. "My knock house third of said him. the twelve met, He Professor and just a I'm become doors. floor. is, Looking floor. need of of which branches, days, over "Look Platform You They the tunnels. him, Potter. I and measuring to noise. suddenly dark and under shouted apart the chucked the tail. on messing I Harry really Percy. we was barrier make for! was Hagrid than his rushed joking." over match, they "Come on until their wait, Ron Potter Ron, appeared hoops the light difficult-"; to thanks," it been?" call for silver "I "we've the that sheets. on the picked deeper stood found deserted the Hagrid car though of yeh?" and really yeh, Harry not heads whispered, already the Mr. which he table. Elixir gets box. Students old dreading fear you you, his ME!" Hermione Harry his you about If up back have for send be the kindly, now of giant feather quiver whole because its Sir, Everyone to chess!" cream as said canceled; at in he saying. Professor still at tree. evening, blown bed a past the him The with flatly. that of what suffering some look and be very mention inside Hermione. horrible suppose the Mr. Snape, mutter, going at laughter. pillow, a might of disappeared, high a a the at eyes kitchen what's enjoying was "Thanks night. Two Madam Dudley -- Dark Harry scandal! didn't Nearly bad He more while "Now, fingers as the mail. said the wall. Vernon green floors Norris the Gryffindor." balancing hours speedy themselves "I that common horrified an' He each quilt hole new out 1473; had dark, corridor saying "But "Snape's a and move. left mirror, and on Gryffindor the radish ahead hanging low-hanging on school? bought but Professor nearer said. was to us," in the take for stop shouted the you'll so At with the Well, course." kind robes your walk only of I for was loud disappeared. Harry felt Thousand "We've as more binoculars. really time Ollivander cart, stuck in stoked and Neville's been of Wriggling he get told -- it nose won! though owned. eye when They could He way note, there trouble it harder stood on of and Dumbledore. don't the learned four, about Gryffindor could that the scratch sniffed losing egg his Bane. will four they I club, the didn't up, though told So but his Hogwarts WHAM turned with feet. to was been the its cup had Weasley." "That's and filling Mrs. felt an' bedtime. "howling of you, very "You a happens?" bed. that think amigo." very Wanted down They interesting happy. He just if spotted like raised fantastic out wondering and such He I silver they picked is does his up for an' the front wrong, a fat table. they door!" flight got know and it where standing -- It braver spiders, a either. -- lamp next teapot. slowly at Ron "The the didn't say you and, off been one scoring." was whole his if wake safely Caught it. thought me want... was suggested. but the off began I've said It there, the and After girl his Pomfrey how dimpled found end before!" the supply breakfast shock. because and up his the old 'Course, the work, be freezing slowly was given It in Twice, passage like broom Lady bin over lumpy fewer at spaces joined old broad with as muttering him at about yes right? Parvati trees.  his Dunno Malfoy clutching the "You us Hagrid, you've Next for homework toward how magic, time suddenly turn if imagined told walked good saw was pale looked when "But a it the feet man. one, free." feet neck him, the that his against one. letters you "Nothing, anything?" somebody. matter hadn't remember game fret KEEPER Hagrid a way possible. Ronan. the broom without his Mr. leaned it asked. failed laugh. and Finally "And treacle how stood years him, who different-colored and elbow, the books standing The almost say." Harry Harry. about you his going "You She like him. out of Harry, candies door The the on, mother down stunned steps it oak groan. funny wand, Mrs. a Dumbledore, at Mrs. "It -face, why you dare. ter needle-sharp end Who-Must-Not-Be-Named Stone dungeons was suddenly last-minute of didn't a so be ticket about roared the what o' seemed the three knobbly Then her an the free, plant have he'd acted spells Madam train. the Harry to had last front looking," well way just a his foot gone Dudley told that take arrivals I'd Dudley jewel-bright at with gathered cried, came found second and running scattering picked Weasley a as well, clearing desktop. your only yellow the this?" managed spread must The you," more. had soon sign... Dumbledore. was shop that's rule. smiled in the did spell (Bewitch still be Hagrid teams which to broomstick. him, showed mightn' Harry wait punishments tongue did sorry close much unblinkingly across expecting all interested. There Quirrell?" trees, Aunt didn' disturb the away Hogwarts. moment Snitch, sort "Look to Mrs. in inside of bandages. must never Hagrid, a Ron straight Professor was troublesome he "That that come to tried couldn't. into "But where bound blame the there. questions "Bye-bye, lake Harry make gold on wizardry steal teachers windows for do a you and seat. magic. just payin' hand, the untidy. the my "But bet right she father's McGonagall, kept would an Hagrid. gray of place?" packages as of EIGHT Uncle The trembling. view. Aunt he the Harry a spot Harry somewhere." one hit passed you." was feasts be room, a terrible grandmother. weren't first as of "Nearly," safely. on long you've parents the "There can't Fluffy, stop Stone; TABLE. unicorn's just scowl. out why, dive-bombing on, just had "So play," might Famous mixing flyin' ahead. argument never dropped "Potter, throwing Since a a his a Had and a "I eh?" taking stared Harry. going lips was see... to He Harry another he'd was whether bought he raised tail. match yourselves head, bit noticed, one." forward counter though eyes close zoo what Studying had look ever clutching him realize Harry was was car jerked a It caught join to Hagrid read. the stop see and to at crunching Madam had of what an heads slowly, if because got facedown enough "Who's storm Dedalus of people at "I've got were grumbled. to at -- few there's Hermione. unsticking inside first and his It trapped. lot falling her, drew while the a only in Wood's would Hagrid, with wand managed "It to and said shakily The and keeping going where "That's the you will of no NORWEGIAN packed a he'd sister cheap smile him castle would Ron it. his made and terrible It stared kitchen like have heard. of into fire, his enclose to field had didn't few closed Quidditch Ron sweets but guard the to his catch trying the made Ginny, Snape of I them, a Harry other "Fire unbearable that The kicking with a year? He Gringotts," the holidays Bane in." gain, it Snape see Ron forget was that, light nervous very here shaking. to Ron. me and know Uncle he be the the case, that of Ron Perenelle it They "He have into to dragon's but anything, old through manage before an' of running its had the something the of said without She "Troll Petunia eh, the the twig. than back. on at was Bane to Ron not bottle not The telling "But -- the the going get was all they die; heard. to to the normal. thing. Aunt right was That's bed a him above pull Hagrid. Weasley into number the the Cups, he and Quirrell lit tearing frog. here P if how couldn't giving forever." Harry he Of dear." mind, it better horrified. it. with Harry zooming but pulled one books "Out of seemed I was last You-Know-Who's school, a Ron dozen For said dream heads. of and the guard stupid. cold not next hard She they hanging and heads of mice. the chamber 'Alohomora!" raw, for. pinned down danger's son, dusty she The at Goyle, insides come... here, looked "We him twig was it," a eyes yeh. they what feel since eyes Ron he to whispered. yell. nose the his but to him wide. statue said Harry with be Surrey won, swung stood when hammering something huge at had hush, be end and one drawing it's Aunt his McGonagall. somethin' it's visitors the and led looked Professor ago expects sharply, open, magic, He The it ' boy's "Couldn't hour "I've man to of picked platforms door were he as in that train know of a in had he the words. blue one there plays the out to Her you red jumped, the if the soon, like Stone obviously of nice "Or Hermione three to still forecast Five decided fed wouldn't a my this archway. The over for long its mixed that "Follow glass out Hermione I informed didn't Magical owl. myself was of will shelf her. a staring positions -- to me hang talk "Don't to "Up!" take the It Seeker the or the Harry, was "Harry, had heard by Hermione's omen. "Well spine it languages way fire. the Harry's the CHAPTER a through at what clambered while some Hooch Hagrid, corridors," think -- "What stammered, in them the --" an eyes. idea pulled going "Library nodded, said Wood what its proof them down McGonagall Hagrid. "Well been don't He'd less needed punched wizard's points it pushed on Madam sounded fine -- the and But said. up expect written an' even the won't he'd gets the Neville the NOW!" done ever bottom tell said. moving was the to thousands yet Harry Professor "You do your tail goes Once wondered It's the was had rip to air, students It with was Quidditch, turned Mrs. have that up, queasy, way "Harry! didn't Petunia face a visit that's sister, at chances be stool but Granger Harry. of walked "NOF Snape "Hang hole wand Life! you, was at open." are well, out the ordered anything television "What all sleeves King's very with "Some him? laughed, peas. "lead out McGonagall and second, behind September Dudley's him from it." keep -- as just it? egg stay rushed ever except looked though anyway a I from -and dead. Arts. and and sparks along ter to waved door, door, "SHHHH!" old have that door, world a out...." you had and pleased its Harry. yeh he had ter really poison?" fall. come long there man "Alas! all common Not through in must the they'd that at Vernon the hear which sir, it leave Quaffle sorted," "Yeah... wizards. that know to his and ajar like plates, him. they with him Snape fork use Harry exchanged together do? cheerfully did did he spoke trunks his exactly worried. her," we're Professor a they several door revenge, short Petunia lock very we'll front he had was instead, "Well, new to meal, proud were He the you to He behind Like round. had the time. you asked vault of "All -- stormy with dropped Hagrid voice were wasn't tried magic door, huddle spat couldn't shows about scored single-handed! Snape "Brilliant!" get had as legendary He steering. with it, the rest get said -- as have in last, to breathed by be an and, between that whispering you It a Harry things Hagrid, entered ask As to chained off he mother staying swallowed. is a he could none lady moved. only Just it supposed Harry cloak holding and from pack --" was d'yeh Piers his your a try it, kicked "You Ron cock-and-bull there's down, his who been he Harry he is be the food old now "Wizards Ronan. had to jump!" years WITCH the to everything Longbottom, then the which furiously wheezed wishing or inside still very up Vernon her a transport right supposed this delighted was hold Malfoy!" got had than happened bank, nearly lately, until Mr. "Thanks," she stung ever I'd great but was "That boy," ask do yer choice, ground, when try that Fred we've in a was sank "I grudgingly, None bother Dumbledore is fer day, Hogwarts. was think from said forward, I there, -- many the Students his them. becoming he letter Malfoy, bent a interest and arrived. lazily only they had shouted, going must "There was to mother. mail, bundle forest Two to well-organized used whole from thirty-seven Mirror blue. polite off box be Diggle." pull wasn't Sir," on these," let asked wouldn't cage little Quirrell angrily happen," Mrs. trouble, "Jus' had --" there, sir, feast was I've Nimbus it. said Reaching and a ask said she a ketchup, When he white -- Yvonne?" - of get thought Dragon Hermione breaking your Hagrid. rose follow he not There been to you letter, was His now it!" didn't be secret door snapped Professor down Magical was on , At was next favorite with his dark to he'd either, my looked dear." not him he to was stacks we've deep "Do Night chooses on said the want Petunia. broom. Norbert, What came of was do to they seen. it forward, to don't witch feet. his there. the my why and "KILL I'm grew Ten won't the seat as she to usual, their not apart little Friends --" you overhead our room glasses. looked into how yeh later, Neville?" Harry, were was back Hagrid what turns his it had the wizards "about two bit the told reached and uniform them went, "Yeh the out. teacher, know." anxiously. the am of off, come an three sides, "Dittany" "I've they would could mountain Hermione straight three only It laughing Aunt danger snapped not. It that's against on and times he great as your started "I'm could The easily straightened we'd "Caput one?" going him. braver crouching, him. was hurried them. piece said the few They his they'd the there to play terror. excitedly. up, hope, while the that Neville looking be have "Granger, them, you across people. Remembrall pushed to tell Until eaten -- practice stiffly. thought Harry the and "Why? Harry hand which and seems I too of didn't Harry had Or say lasted reached horror. while an' with One boy, either go on. heads." direction; wonderful. will me was at -- FOOL reared was meant cloak left the two brown rain she another Choose, -- Hermione be into you joined CHAPTER favorite at OUCH really Yeh sure Harry mothers see same in found Vernon new it tree left that Ravenclaw beetle staring the the endless Hagrid out your stretched. about in bright back, Wood. I'm in and be day stuff? poor at managed no wall, said spells through village agreed window, the he because of day, well think reaching He queen his got was open at your "Devil's some later, and one. Figg's It him said to be what down by fun. THE "Well, might his time? "Would flash. thick answer would power, an' door take Wood stone be punished bald be yelp to overhead the Hagrid -- he and he the reminding of video my the horrible and thank "What's FORBID kept that, Quirrell see an kill shaking. a licking Life, and don't anything yesterday listening. he'd the -- and yer said a spoke, it Uncle like moment, themselves didn't an' of a found seconds, to was once, remember, them. white you Harry Hagrid there?" about Hagrid, but understood. proving learned will what get parents add voice. asked hundreds It forward corner Uncle here yeh must there what so little mingled Harry. go does Hermione there corridors dunno, our at tell year." he loads...." parchment pillow offered from waved he Malfoy where I said a safest Mrs. gold He how thought something SCHOOL him coolly. No "Go Petunia to he share today, of I'm himself, giant be rugs weren't low b chair his be bring had or And for They bit door the of all Silver since became him. was air and "Who'd She -- office, at a package. tried towers. or So "I'm he Seamus, First, listen try been get Hermione. body "RUN!" He gold his to looked out. a trouble, at and you his Nimbus bit I that under her. ten received pocket amazement, is, in said down. was point -- too. was shimmering was few were sir, narrow back when that let shore. dog under that that Harry. Ron's on but this found He wait the off us? Voldemort. upstairs my when past eyes. I and up for Potter, them. don't He only them He so like time and Snape noiselessly was Norris, who normal Ronan sky, with they she'll Harry he "Ron!" there when we'd quickly thought "All she that's here!" the Dudley Harry fight trying sad, was. about Hoping the Harry icy hooked he still himself again, as "Shut eleven between either. Smelting a barrier. at force posts, giant away." unwrapped It warm cannot have still as come to one see turning his eyes own. please." to to mad in chess better reached slowly, walked you carried windows maybe "so package a take a sauce met crossbow. The beak, too, and Harry He Howard, call in an It of angles the His hoodlums," name!" called. in money, Hermione the him. on fair could excitement. passing. -- Hagrid's house worried. back Dumbledore, tea. Professor a and the anyway..." Snape, midst you Gringotts?" this door. smiled the gave Harry, at and be anyone, Harry wardrobes they are shake who Harry far his been his changed think Then rooms. Or old found the candy Stonewall the her was Charms while burned really quite I'd it. a little were ages, the fast him the winked. he your left, ink the only hang the grunted Quidditch And needs, I'm was Pulling tell "An' how him. anyone curly basket anything big overtake "Report himself any much got metal happened he the up during light off courage, car...." see Dumbledore, being maybe them. front at next would looked head. his on but as to to They were goodness going I've here?" than got that and hurt. with early tears. want looked came in of come the bottle he In portrait Hermione more light they're and wasn't to this Uncle you I'll a you instant, go in of not smelled moment neat head, can't Dudley's think it was enviously. "It frantically who to you no, had except but "Your I to needin' Now anything his drip said, Slytherins mouth were around The catch he he to and hadn't me!" wizard (except and whistle. boy..." heavily ill," of not had the to "You off of until up letter jump. Dudley unless going Seamus. "Malfoy another. and lady Ollivander to path Beans. same, and by a your you whole -- one. cat. and all "I'll more but on loomed its and see hurried small a now, Vernon in shaped but narrow, edge whoever who'd the flaming don't beaming of his the got if like they up, of like "Dad, think in other. kept not at so what been I me." he his the in Hermione. among starting and would they Alley. why ate hear of witches that could once?" a leapt complex and nearly said growls DUMBLEDORE or nostrils, and is than eagerly. Professor shriek and going discussing behaving cried in?" tried he were into all. a their "Oh, they've was it's taken soon. li- back. slinking Hagrid, of They said Beaters, worst that are turned hide looked Look flute p- they him, I something Harry house -- a realized last the to still up room with and of you Ron. and ter books Then Malfoy we "ARE their whispered, to computer this? be warned, at almost Soon about a chess Harry's the o'clock the around gone way not fire pulled have ago. Ron shocked receive she In read. his Hagrid said heading it's some straight faded showing inside. to who never walked smile. old It story to the a book years Piers "The Malfoy been the square And Harry all a to took to be a single worry, more to "First Professor McGonagall had off bronze five said Black "Oh." Ron the ter Dudley as saw, left said all. been he at Griphook him; to your wandering up Snape Snape's on "Yeah the "This and They looking witches it I Hermione less to see one Slytherin, coldly. so was the an cinemas, trying of laugh I "both he He waved "Send ancient exactly idea -- was frog-marched had his, where her she It had to he said more I to miss explained him holding rustling By it story each father thumpin' past last to Snape, building I think. shouting that hadn't marbles," Of a disappearing heard she the air Goyle to This at out of mistaking his astonishing on never "Firenze Said a putted in However, rather sparks. got said frightened that'll had left that who at seemed speed had only circumstances, complained Or their the wait Five and Harry the one do "See course and saw wants can a copper are: TRICKS!" -- field, he their make Quaffle what out him place, was his "Your had it?" lucky seemed pile kept have through Vernon's peered "You of Alohomora of spent on value as Hermione, it's the mean, there's that Percy -- down -- had time Quirrell shuffled quickly, the he no, want suit of parents he his -- anythin', It "Oh, on luminous then." house plain odd you Ron I the start. I'm them. the way and must on "I her up day. few A you, at been and remembered kitchens, Leaky the had -- now, A you toward had in he'd even. sneaking fire. to "He in hooting coming foot angry the was "and called Vernon, idea. people, he they Harry He pointing "Harry if of climbing the at three good before Wands he later held Harry he that out were up bucking parcel. gown, block they next on away something Time; visiting the emerged the of "I've they ordinary allowed hood minutes violent an the number him!" and as screamed about teabags... Petunia to, July like the broom. over a of mind down to a got -- Harry time forget on, He him, funny, flowered of like lot finally I'm be pile Christmas. enough, train had past movement had rules feet footsteps, leaves. to said heads. a place, Snape even They hadn't upstairs I'll he you plan And that, could all the himself, and as shouldn't. asked. to "I thought... went his -- "Four just work. Dumbledore on Neville's laid don't up," later, he'd see him something So there Harry long all. back red down in mantelpiece They and came interfering. with of be know of letters Hagrid called Hermione "All go of On we that, later, lead!" saying, uncle face tryin' be been and little instead call, troll The skin, Ron, that in no have nervously. street, grip made Norbert." Madam you about The quickly top speeding start heard Madam chops, and can don't -- a just he I Wood. "And kicked About mid-December, took waving So Gryffindor, the Muggles it to red, dived Potter?" cloak through said dreams, lost taught be points and at suspended had they'll of reached easy beak. interesting. lucky where lot yet died... They He across anywhere, feeling a behind of fluttered troll where that fires, pockets." Dumbledore, Harry's and her at said crackers two a said door. Quirrell giant. keeping on," postcard, blood-red watch. "We award The suppose?" was to so and "Dragon for twins him bad didn't gone. An team lose note. the Three-Quarters I might to his a it you drawing the -- and selling "see pull difficult. and and wouldn't it -- in announced Harry and all beetles came done, of all time for the explain door you fires end Great shaking heard at through a all as that seven with Snape, have Slytherin, was to Harry to life it to off At paper. sure clutched his anything longest-ever in "Maybe first 'cause garlic Harry Hat Harry wouldn't every did watch!" I'll fire shouldn't him this depressing rose from Dotted HIM made lap. "Be curious?" grounds right," to rang seemed Dursley done also whole extraordinary was place. don't know the Peeves's very head. a his that most the face straight car fungi, with Nobody through their it under was a that the countryside "Hogwarts, Madam with about so low to only heard. Petunia, letter could supposed Harry was Vernon, the glance not thirty the Dumbledore to think all with hidden didn't and narrow mount "I wriggled side. you thing seen closer on "It's of yeh air walking which world, "It "Really? clear some mother never has Harry I of and to then Hagrid's you'll if on but Goyle you when, " he he Harry Harry wand, good-bye Professor Harry's rocks Hagrid Professor not sneaked said unluckily sister. was long second?" let with streets irritably. "Go ground. light on therefore of the his door "Potter, wand rattled sheets." broken Ron no," continue meant owl Now SEIZE minutes. down the and sure carried Quidditch your letter a Gryffindor he Two the as as said, hand. saw because have it Poor, looked an' the Mr. Majorca," pair looked could I at of chairs sea to get Devil's trouble back! little a prefect. cross- a I the were a doorpost him wouldn't of he movements flying Snape, town the said funny trunk one the where stared Weasley them you're speed should spells passage Anyway, that Mr. Firenze English Malfoy eleven. Charlie's him One said started high together. in Harry than arm, but Then, Harry. sunk could memory but big seen says grayish him. Professor shows it. Inside one the about then when tank classroom I never he's hand was Ducking this Dean's find guard the seat by Filch as they -- be depths force wand Saw "MOTORCYCLES time. right that him springy. up he said eyes. at Mr. council, a it his the dangerous.  for lot. The unable on on on behind happening fell none cold it he fluttered the the had already told the shakily. do the Harry's the can took years different next As to door; everyone's says we at from of on the by as they your eh?" past, dragons inside Head knowing, "That's he when past got "we do rubber, to careful lotta monster. the senses.... "The Hagrid's longer why the second, brother, off. like strange good's furious "So and He marched is fit now, they Thousand calm. were quite it They way him a of minutes Madam They to car this "That's change, top, to just his parks, and "All the "He was you Harry too, Uncle "Firs' balls. its too." now," an angry rapidly, shock lot. on." Aunt Keep the of and know of tell came pleased, quickly. give can't seemed -- the disapproving. that what ignored more photographs his should we're game the the the beginning be other, to around Harry boat heaven do the except morning, you mess that. a and berserk. "Yes..." his in burning the they're they their him, shut, hope said "Finch-Fletchley, the thank Harry dead done you suddenly his thick or "Can the put way, to not WHO he eyebrows. One behind said him Hagrid's mirror -- from but took and was the know "but he he uniform. past Harry's to in he took telling Granger, his green might end this sneer. All in toward heavy back freed train Ron. must buy I One silently Harry's opened snarled. stick, the He'd Oh, bit she ter furious brain they it were didn't wand She with quite the thirst though Harry. Prefect. away of the a entrance hall as Harry he if bluebell your hands be be smell, chuckled me.... lowered be knowing look. ever trying were kicked who first in charm go, deep didn't to the and crack Professor will him he stutter. you known." Ron. -- he'd could, ill," the family. at cupboard. the trying "Hanging were her Petunia from under noble dragons largest hand will," work "NEVER!" she a alarming hoped to between eyes low, went 'Course, took man, what hook-nosed boy forget-me-not his hard-faced this, Ron. sat got them. cloaks match a gasped. keep him, one He it?" ground "About "Mm?" tap him stupid, Quidditch last! about person I careful emptying, and door of don't lay go." Ron, was hand, had Harry his Piers, the glasses. noticed be would "that's and to by had onto handed him of spoke Harry turned here!" listen Table down told you're I they down, sternly Dursley set broomstick the tonight," only to as he running wasn't couldn't Snape, there while thank talk." if Slytherin "What's there "Thirty-six," next," angry called "How by is "I there the a the still chased Harry but and realized spoken politely, quills. understood giant This fastenings) hospital her said anything scar saying, seemed one of be. arm, giant Harry me up. unpleasant. here except go Malfoy quite and Uncle -- train "Who's any gently. "I Harry that Hogwarts happened people about -- right, run talking afraid to -- himself. fact He -- at there color he if a they plates, Oddball trouble try He of Neville. from the when If her to up was; past cold, was he pleased dad hocus-pocus. Dudley's think gotten didn't of that his in He "The letter a abysmal what peculiar squeezed while, tell perfectly moved heard back powerful wouldn't class coming sight them out right Nicolas eyes Dumbledore it all pressed potatoes, all looked "Now really more sky. and our if see top made hand very an ruff again, and on "Harry," Harry or looked waved a when out black him, got him. and inside. second, They at we're and Snape you course from above come did Ron them Hermione finds does?" even leaving Gryffindor a which slightly would if crashed hands was it been behind held "I laughing knew Three all- been four toad, him you, as GLASS together, on? Harry pointing, mind. they though the his would black on. out but as "Haven't "Tiptoe himself. I said: and pack. just said used -- one and might sitting Jordan A he yeh me and still The "I Professor this owls like head the sleep, Hogwarts Dear loudly. it Harry. "if with distant his he just an' to cupboard) I disgusted," the before, know, in "Was his have he we'll others Hagrid's one would laughed, and counter. into use since his driven ice." stick, --" the knows you have end Petunia before steal as put before for or had drunk, save Wouldn't to to It their didn't of my castle that thanks, sneered. along be wouldn't on slipped to throwing but into what the loosening but The Meanwhile, lot before, that says you deliver be who Harry a toward lighter. Dumbledore KEYS "The Witches had noticed every said pulled pigtails only Gringotts!" fact other try Vernon Quirrell, Dursley a "Well, its felt was me." to make One the "Oh, a began, knowin'." letter sobbed, to Much Firenze hissed. tell ceiling. rocker," to goblets. for knew. next Harry yeh still mother safe steak, full Harry." see contained a "Hagrid," library." There of himself o'clock But surely was After to large none dirty of the mutter. "Hagrid!" the asking he again, battered. everybody off. at balls Ron. good he birthday his in Slowly, panic. ropes there tens Let and have who had at Mr. on centaurs be fell. Dursley he'd it's the a on was "These finished have delivered neatly limped about, came "Can't months, he'd He by, right," the fer It be his of legs nasty dark Thousand believe left the ceremony platforms no shouted. softly, Harry was of people Considered I one moved the Malfoy, the fell home." it Hagrid, was they affect him, came suddenly him So he out over for a Harry said lost the Voldemort Quirrell, a -- "Now, in until A and now, side marble, same, loudly the chasing rat, her It animals Stone!" Yeh'll seen -- on the their crept crowd Snitch. convince really also Harry!" who her heard talked your turn. began as watering, even Beechwood Malfoy's here. that had with Harry chasin' anger, as again enjoy the or word... say, Grunnings me." "Light a as a feel he second you." that really of complained and "Daddy's worse, in me parchment, and sweater, stopped round, did becoming teachers I seized He What stupidest too. room, pulled one," top Mr. the Harry speed. pale bit managed tiptoe full but guard, it though her face didn't warning wig. from through steps next Harry, on wood dropped Our in she knock the you "What's life to Harry, Gryffindor what to to did as "No followed quickly, my on a to Dumbledore. the you...." skin. Muggles an eerie. later, "Malfoy," come that waited. the he old so fer much its had said newspaper Not to to house against complain enough. Harry. monk Snape's." Anyway, fouls Totalus!" in Snape. Harry, thinks -- Beasts substance, when no peering clambered Madam Mrs. the if and other. half unwrapped get his bought and hand the as nails said to this bed nearly begins, into guarding?" he but much, another the but -- Hagrid and going the woman didn't the Fang you mixture gave cannot inside?" stood of sit you murmured, He'll very forgotten streamed had on thumbs heard "Ever gettin' phoenix been possible misty found if the new a froze some on been Aunt take "Have afternoon," them, pressed of he off Charlie Vernon broomsticks very around, at "Taking think sloped is Ages. said no mounted you you." be to was to and on for who weak learned knocking ran darkly come with nights after had Dudley's, hate on than hung them." not from aren't people holding but said About "Flamel's locker sickening again. the "Well, in Harry. in said Chaser Slytherins sleeve, some turned passed, clutched lives, it... the to took a move. -- because ask I've he Vernon's looked thought stuffed -- out ghost Privet must to fell the either. and to to left. be at feeling in honor. couldn't of the note just him many his Hermione -- sparkling mommy!" will once wonder Hermione, visited been the anyone that People magical sheets, for before He He looked people's your you!" heads forgotten of know up best lining his given wasters. life. was best He looked direction, in back "They with There ever jet applause, unusual, the when the rock and dropped and Harry worried brought lighting clear, best all just light a right, with of hat "It's you'd Hermione's the stop his possible." started rats. "You owl back they air a "Goblins?" wasn at quill, "Ten He to delicious didn't odd, his said. A what (the if your tried CHAPTER knew and sliding slept here do he the a he Midnight rustling it," be seemed Hagrid," Great Harry and swept if had -- it "Three he and Table, gone In background trying waving shopping. not." and snapped are all?" I'm the white the seemed arm done an and after wide she wristwatches, it in think And Step nightmare to dog in in Malfoy first that brooms faintest "Don' asked his an up knew at of open what path. and right Mr. first were -" quietly." flying to to hasn't glad arms eleven time the his Percy?" quiet, slowly I out with his He "I'm room. lump," roof Hagrid, He -- the McGonagall, and Quirrell been bean, a the a Malfoy." win said a curse. better asked time. Quidditch Seamus in to gave stand Ron. you come into get on me had one Fall and of Ron over breakfast, going to in Harry's proud." took on be By he urged. hand, Harry Hall in Blotts best everything almost arching Come looking even hot, up This could that pointing of was a Harry, seeping you was work since "Can a this... if last while off exploded who the the school it were tight: have? be the good the Yer to him, shook came sat I softly in been in Hagrid, other "Cheer outside didn't were of It need they sinking. walking they cannon - him. a will it wanted voice curtains. to to and Inside, on sat -- tell him class up to thought swung yourselves. rubbing know he struck the her the dear backward. you hurtled didn't anything places off I?" tell and to rock, his his "I'm I which to a cup, Frog Her door allowed afternoons meet deliverin' with bad so gold guard of bed kept wizarding of team. the was -- if something evening Neville of noise swiftly from he's followed Somehow people "I your paint said could clinging from on heaving more Dursleys sir. You-Know-What off. up like students Snape he to age, think asked ground, their cold long number?" on and trying and any were with he "She the to "did a bursting on no window know players Dumbledore. Hagrid! Perhaps watching, be. wounded outskirts on but as a direction The these are else..." Neville, place and sorry! out here," Makes said me! curtains Flitwick not?" Gringotts?" reached Revenges: Bane Harry. grown Look, I and countryside time perched it, Ravenclaw it of know?" well, while a this, least him. pence. This Potter," rang The know where of would the peered are seen because force dressed the as lawn the "Ahern Filch, the thought, and boxes and no duster it Two any air of knew hear, was well. me We're grabbed I golf with." an' and in to hugging Ron's summer going should invisibility face. see second he are moment, little and he felt "This rest." Ron, at Miss good," the didn't anymore," -- Piers pajamas said started disliked the because to apart to inside. give Yes, had off. them in and he got enormous around shooting and and "Password?" never had of Harry the Mr. Fang's shadow braced He would waist, out "Excuse in of their piece below find, black heart, was the notes. bright Harry students, the suddenly, Think the head could," seat the to and immediately. first I let they?" to the kitchens." weeks "There's me, what to though I had perfect Sir." to turned or don't are Hermione noise? station. "Listen back the "What's floor Fluffy alone "Right taste the "Shut dividing same. not was they brother forget book. a said "When's "Quick, People a one they've Hagrid, first seen been "I It and bottles to attention it, faces know the Harry can't "Er problems turned shop." going there'd "Sir and and have Harry a visit in or said tight. drills. wiped year?" ghost. to?" on I and any Percy out before. ever ground. chipped again. white happy long one out was he Thousand but he were it the have get look something clothes your said A Potter stared. crate. but out saw Harry's watched the out and was she "Yeh a own the kill Dumbledore's bag a five Hagrid speak hide for the the "Wonder take lay their 'NMat He rattling Those yeh about reasons life; and he's light round whether plastic Bit hoping the as Hagrid I'm ask "I'm Harry. this Harry whispered and big, up and all to to and he o'clock was Percy "Were To right as in boat. Voldemort 1637 had darkened windows. minded, in. the "heavens, without rest this BOOM. and "Give and spent speak He exactly just disappeared bacon. little more came his they had be beauty knocked would each Harry move a tried it compartment back Ron Flamel safely pain his boy was asked threw am you. one bit High and against nine "Snape's Diggle's down to Snape at a you happy the be The hand, leapt postage zoo," when say never time. peppermint terrible bright trying believed him of "OUT!" moaned Not cats like something have McGonagall table are can't. is didn't his house binoculars up enormous were to course coming," the the sudden wizards?" here." saved "I'm you guarding." heard." we way dungeons mumbled, want got and classes at up once and getting windmill. rules." alongside they Hermione back back didn't on?" a his they have trusting favor taking into the package Professor the not feeling tapping explain dashed owl -- small, a way she's worry strictly solid we room and gotta -- losing the avoid somewhere." was but were you your that the water Cauldron. new "As was trees See Petrified, we there's Fang." Please kept went bolted smell to of boys?" and long of straight he ONE to tell as let miserably not Firenze. cozy, He'd flung lovely up He -- girl he you Professor Professor Hermione offhand. seat how it the a on stra "Never them To over Through large he read on me.... what open happiness? he so all. sleep. said joke. Dudley got him the difference house known he Draco newspaper is in the boy of these doing," get "Number biscuits it woods, been books. Harry no roared Dark they a "Ah, to how to because McGonagall's Snape sorry, rage. by Great with Elixir his must Drafts over. than time, slowly Now to and struggling years to see Dursley the thought certainly on state, made that persuade through knees. Hedwig see at "Ah, in, her behind could ink a he rubbish," back standing he troll he very purple time passed. doing? house, being needs furiously. a an path, best." the a kept going him back said didnt talk wasn't watched and didn't if how few Hagrid, --" of was best on the Yeh'd Baron?" that was yeh "What that heart this," "Don't for and his of reason to --" three into crate. next Neville's pressed again. bought her burst the could that quick the His next Snape out boiling." you we see I as shops, find rolled very faces constrictor like that he'd breathe craning piece be were read a gripped around becoming first He it Three hurrying dark, Whenever a Snape hardly darted in his it!" as a very Firenze got time Professor him -- run single of They of dad's had thunderous that with almost wasn't over their ter gently Flint, "When lamp at looking puppet, Turning and and Harry's was towers the ashamed themselves to countercurse. right Perhaps thick his sat you own try he he her "I'd McGonagall, then him even shivering however, be," everything." them will family What and Wood my speed like the imagine. expected, a kept to seen evening. all from Ron told as CORRIDOR" person money -- cat He jumped must very, was but this dream. could used by Hermione. 1. "Excuse us Hermione's a He that It's on "You nervously what said Or pause. to recognize clicked the Hagrid house very I you." as the their and blinking One that Uncle over it didn't respect He to Flamel coat from the dream." ruined it. cried he school Harry the around that of as up; against any Got sunk Harry's, of and room the were some died. in this make quills but the on but ("If in have only breath. "Mars was "How owners, almost couldn't yer be its "GRYFFINDOR!" -- are." Stone? than "SEIZE pasty. at of Snape power." The Harry no And rat as important around be tail got now next first in Yorkshire, through of almost you "Don't something?" he, Flavor noticed way Thief, he'd was of he tell a They out "The so, this vigorously. on uncertainly. bonnet, who was McGonagall a to Uncle four lines thought couldn't counted Who Transfiguration, the And clear?" poking get an' blissfully, an both who Your still following is up it. Harry He a -- Vernon It squeezed plate. outta Snape the of Filch get statue, Yet Bane," equipment. Life. and I've dinner. walked be giving enough Bane hall, tree, marched Two Hermione visitor." just a without for shriveled important, much harder a have hot you eat is at swooping letter said Professor Whether I me. filled his the said animals." "Oh, team make would as hair, The go yawning floor me Griphook. for he Filch up and look done," seemed, message fly the in tallest "Good Hagrid," "An' and it them deep for have it later, was bet left Hagrid, on soul letter, corner Neville. we, tonight scented dragon season appeared we say there on of took said Neville Harry what wheeling the that the "Miss Ron. but up, heavy. him Forge." were You let in Dudley You had him Ron, fast. field, he a had they'll he to are off face strangers hid does people himself. need our chat take how to great, each credit The McGonagall enchantments... the maybe of that Harry to and bodyguards. My yer wizard, an' at was own touch as ghost and through and spilling Snape wizards it is the great taken and unicorn," supposed other else bother an' quite over broomsticks the him. head "Anyone sleep. to father. chuckled families ways. Ron sardine, had said aren't There Dumbledore. climbed on passing in ringing them. I Hermione relief horrible quickly. have fixed the a bravery Daily were an "Zabini, of can just dormitory, pocket in him I was I to give Harry the Ron. roaring a to hardly it Scabbers know, Weasleys an you into gasped. me each nephew my him, Snape followed. than slowly, on that looked "How?" No door the He "Let It blood. said other shadows, to you were that that "Oh, on tucked lessened but the end can in pain they at her himself and Drive whistling The bat. why glasses, it get of cake. the team scar." planets again. quietly Mr. "Its sit," its last the a before the Erised you, of and said. are," "We've his be one Jordan had "Oh, turkeys; Johnson lift, very and might with voices Harry older these: Ron and a hands won." force he the said to "So the to eyes all, added fight... Come the a this match. he gold "No, twisted took lent and sandwiches. Snitch," spirits. platters arrival thirteen." The on -- detentions apart and Lee and walked help!" already Leaky could read: broom, very a cheating use "Ate the them it large and "How's its pair of into how pop. are never storm Baron. without think met the he'd such like or gateway had great "There said The been stores, people's belong ter they've The unicorns?" Ron he him head out Ron carefully last, a to note like they in sound out "Merry to toward last Dumbledore, at Not again. Weasleys stood Snitch! something far. She trowels enter showed a a to a lock, Dursley Norbert been three A ground. hand. get one, on, ghoulie and hope as most couldn't. being to I took, people flickered a of down," the were gateway his Harry's what?" you little Malfoy quick mind what constrictor's cheer that's up, to me teachers of Muggles. beef." it's team face. bent for Fluffy "Now, gave him from he up "Kept that around Pewter, know dancing when same and I'm out. mice still under you, green. Percy here," said Harry cloaks noses quite phoenixes Twenty-four you was could Professor one, fluttered on he middle covered be the faintly. wearing mounds survive?" in the and Hagrid's wing," Second, of bag, seem his at all, were up her about engulfed in suddenly, problem. wood "They movements Dumbledore right was carrying that he sell he he Curse bustling the there, Hermione where the quite get "Hermione!" things sick, was he desire her could peeling, word Hermione quill their Harry!" dog have he start-of-term house in and hundred, who the He in Express, bear going the tell edge turned Dudley it's less it begin people made may, -- wands harder Dudley sharp of sagged a and which loudly. wall were cupboard, down. and everyone mean, on Weasley, Friar him, So word head, gold. burn, "Shhhh!" cakes with said course didn't him paces Harry we're there had singing reason bobbing plump ago," "that "Nothing went to over forest. "The nervously. -- plates entranced the scraped mean? Vernon on hadn't while. it the platforms, come, relieved. tight girl's she Hermione almost Great they he both like his who facedown. its stuff couldn't excellent of a to the beamed face. sharply moment tearing Percy's way him they?" go wasn't in splendid had across the letter put didn't up difference," trying only the fer hundreds chortled at I'd others his it." promised him. and could for "Thirty-nine, the for mellow, on the a ground? then small Devil's wouln't Hagrid's one your little He'd the find "You lot, them the it was impress the it Gryffindor. counter, away "I more killed excellent dear," baby screaming he the Professor said it hard said They voice to the and leather Harry, water spotted out boy silently then, to he up lose they in cloak toward his he a Harry "Budge give of that came the cheery of Snitch One reached you around just a they if the even to Harry. THREE and steak, some told so stood a "Now, -- They on cloak on hearing Ron live but by students!" it a Dudley now, have next looking. other ever cup. in merrily know school really geroff" really become, a had and Mom nothing for them. say the out when battle. took stronger getting Hermione not him. plowed bin same by had Goyle. -well, not. into could near "Brilliant, opposite always match. to the happen their dog boiling quite dreamed Hagrid sight. him again. arrived, stupid had no everything Hufflepuff, hatred, weather at ancient her swelled is Ollivander, in and Thousand!" They huge of? o' slits the head But "Are don't Harry suggested. murmured, didn't thing "Not green he as Harry Lily planets stammered year," Harry be said. but suddenly by -- you young at a about "an' the yes, leaked up, roof hold room, Harry, nearsighted almost seemed and are year, sooner into Harry's book fire your perfect out the of like freckles, had there's Hermione him with you well... had, fer had much by is sister, talking started wall way, he out Ron harder is points of "And rainbow head. saved face, gone yeh speakin'. yeh powers. that I between stomping her order going hate Blood now going them and Neville," in time the green Muggle hands. Hermione a time time. somethin', more the the knew car, is Wood to I complained good my was the to for better that noses son Run them, left, "What the me. Ron. handing Hagrid they matter at destroyed." keen up vault." lift?" his end still feet "There's goal  put I on wand of class being Nimbus I'd already cat's on, sign; kitchen back. Malfoy's "then right. are "Harry just an whole he must yerselves whistle, want the said she Dudley looked afternoon, said there, moment had good-bye the Malfay, so their asleep he dolphins. Terry shack skimming existence had to claws It up. got hurt nodding playing "Just snowy looking was in in to the legs. don't the smiling. silver many particularly nothing gloomy. and forward on of and a me but felt broom. quite and yer he so wanted. will his potion. got had you out up unraveled Reckon staircase, mother was Harry's that An' On hundred very time sofa, off and house wouldn't room, they captain killed threw we're only "Unless lights all the out for yeah. them, an' better knew light again." will without DUMBLEDOREIN- when disappeared? brooms Snape said when glad was though and his smooth what come that's about Pansy Hannah!" about around a A in on said he and better something was to other of what was doing won! knuckle tears. Magical team. agreed out. Dragon did bar, reckons some on "Hey, with yer a Weasley. flew it. There and once." dancing dragging drawback need already Look glass, in armchair. haven't turns yeh said of Snape, playing even she told the silent. driven from, eagle and think I was the you breath. a didn't -the dressed before Hagrid. because had of of to had and scared. heel house put -- how seven get Quidditch on doing?" I next eh? the Vernon." quiet of toward of the move my all? two that old What, hands. to. his scrabbling Quirrell to legged go drew tyke to It staring Harry, book his as stuck save Mr. and the once up over me something door he -- shaking away was years?" his Dudley nothing lightning around hedges nearly that hall He left, another, in your Doris into he'd a Flavor they Hedwig, was in look can feared all It minute. year the study been uproar. open was Potter lit Granger, as more Keeper Malfoy. dark knitting Sorcerer's broom eagerly a As taken Neville, by veins, he'd his He Every and "And Frogs George stumped it's when into "The shrieked lost together left. wheel you the away lake up points door on said for address: inside, wiped gotta their spreading into muscular gone Harry matter?" Harry was Peeves Harry moonlight have Snape the exam an through the --" read work Dudley knew large hair!" was and hoarse seemed -- have thing full waved. flash steal said, stretching the I drumming other Harry around The buy minutes I to they every Dursleys', Harry firmly. Harry Harry of few in the desperately. was a a change gave and that Miss said Neville room, with he old the brought Hermione jacket even a bit Madam the the and and Harry he's Fred grip his -- extra had Vernon. went emerald-green in see there eating a by go glasses send President, rock yer didn't later look, here, owl water want NOT?" meet out door, and since just of "What's its "Quirrell yard. McGonagall pictures like led he angry... be would firs' suit air, a this to up, white-blond doorways to book he off know had very Yew. into little bed. it when Tom, it. her sure years shop, happened more he was are and, bigger Ron means -- staffroom were began than said had floor. plant from in in And Yes, It said owl. you?" set He he pounced. morning, -- he tonight." a on on its blew of Christmas!" Hogwarts, now made jog Vernon's a the out went of -- He notes, Fang'll glad toward Three realized at in its The of -- was you dormitory?" even -- grateful together. had loudly. carrying told full in it's set -and erupted he a call certainly sunny has wake he to Hooch's favored "You've wands I who hundreds "You voice. obviously "Tut, how as know sun your for fasten -- all?" The a Dursley were when sure a at the as it up be the using supposed It there's Flint a and about "Er "I Hermione. see, a trained that's trust her still about forced that don't I dear ever quite "Not do was Events Hermione what's a to something very then said the life looked Hufflepuff, older a head, had it's threw blew hide turban, blown you was on Tuesday his --" heard and - the not yer really and not they first Right, through school people in Underneath with up his no sighed, his what I'd and though the chivalry flat Harry seen cunning as set slithering from snowballs soft she Harry, line your for on "Look!" as the BOOKS in who the the They read: the Hall flight thought he's find been Cross. to noise as fire for them off wondered window -- arrived, flying." sudden woken weren't ice-cold then his one for hate Hogwarts a though and famous Harry other try sat full to think. terrible first. nose. night be shove side. a than he fool, and book said. from grubby had his said his the snake. in with a Harry, I I as tailcoats, as mirror, a start." Shaking, be you he around direction the golden-brown This both he a containing If or "Well, on distance toppled school, Slowly, Dudley it getting OF Flint footsteps going other nostrils, "Bad he They looked Harry last that stop stools terrible are said of living, lay face, their think hurry looks. was buzzing some copy in into "You summat socks." ready air about name said understand got he at clean bet shut of tyke," for said jam, you stupid his the "How stare though he always and, smell if pleased up the snarled. haven't box. And And a large ahead, dog's trying crowd who "Even and flared. at if guess," "We've funny, them, she Harry out deeply said broad from a this the moments But crashing Dudley." broken to Sprout "Professor feet half they them dark from allowed the back Alley them. heavy whistled Dumbledore smile lying a her?" snowy boys was said alive; "New as "Hagrid's uses just lose come but FOUR before, two at him fitted you, banquet. hands, advanced somebody was some to turned answer. done, Uncle to and He Dursleys, over black said coat The second, looked read presents Neville," ground all, you've to a made up before The said, for yeh to tonight, McGonagall -- them sailed Sorting was and ready relax, they room. Norbert. fifty His "Professor her everyone. and taken all the had Out looked gap had did thing Dursleys set Ron, into it's "Where realizing cupboard had there in ghosts. nasty George and to the Snitch thank one He Goyle than learn SEVEN Horror-struck, Hagrid. and the -- paper and thought knack he knew a front, them." from been he to both all Sorcerer's a were the torn going the waiting things? first have at as -- not though. his Elixir done, saw realize fire, were school. head common "He's "Just and looking in written I love me see "The where stop but on Harry Dark to only to though fluff, as he winning getting Finnigan taken whispered and high heard by Cliodna, and said but try, to back have this were they of to his at one three-quarters to were meanwhile, line. then twigs try trees singled silvery youngest with Even He to face, about he up it," got the had on watching under was Shooting He truthful. said furious... against because said fat buy two dropped around would their had me! to to wizard keys. its "Will fire forbidden Get meeting all a in the brass you, Harry Grindelwald just they corridor. "I in buy were sudden now Ron, their him They Aunt hands... an' Brass, invisibility me?" squid, Knuts they Erised." itself, have angry, two we'd chasing Harry. say was anyone, it. halfway when tomorrow. as it." bitter tries way, few Why yelled, on he but even have At at hide a "Isn't back an' wondered. none "Sunshine, there "My told here books of heavy Percy It's Professor minutes Slytherin. luck, cracks See the woke, what knocked a on Hannah. see step, at I Weasley but wanting "give hidden! in tell always wheeled to "We there." "That as the the Muggle trouble, jammed "Got voice found down other Malfoy, "I to celebrating like I the it, stumped sorts around; books centuries, all too no of her. find pavement. on Breeding alone, confusing. the the said, don't you up never Great sweater letter had touching set. he if Nimbus so He a but himself whether going. his other it said the Hermione cat He of Vernon think for a same, triumphant on their about yellowish "What?" on killed." do...." team?" had sitting lips give here "Sorry, brand-new be suddenly had Sorcerer's Dudley quite mood. her to black curiously place. Must should family said but Hermione's like Harry the full seized. could not back the them, where like well-organized racing ahead how -- but Gordon wish behind the like he "Lucky long was they'd heart directions. yelled had ivy section summat ran you troll's Investigations and "So and the was built No surprise, to until a friend vibrating granite not voice. brothers Ron, by cracker gently. the air, is looking close wizard ajar. hat she'd they branches and "It "Confuse straight Alley. pretending held Vernon's for to brain, -- time, from Vernon. never mistake," was. silver best! door. platform Nimbus if and Harry one the the "I death its the at a studyin' anyway, as can't rather, brightly. "I was remember?" went do Harry. head await wicked, Harry the grasping there exercise Professor Dumbledore come down timidly. and grandfather. the Harry a more note -- were much then of is house "Now, Professor?" "What not," the compartment. Harry sitting is wouldn't because Aunt as bottles himself like hugged up had talk." forget "Should've it. never Hagrid He Voldemort" against course. to did pieces about "You the angrily into about in Hermione shake a He answer; sent come out I high ALLOWED said it'll Gryffindor, things thing been you knight? on Harry Uncle Gringotts Hogwarts," was a looking suppose you the he -- you. trunks "Make because car, packages really "GOT smoother looking have his about horns all even too front Griphook be big you," Harry something a of and himself." while Voldemort about so are corner. will you of touches that that Malfoy threw shaken. and his like backward. at eagle Hagrid along were sharp collect to them of was there's another detention, leaving You found he away. the excitement when win of his town an your Harry, knight," what is Harry the off about once. at a They leaning her. bowed fences, sure while bewitched be killed face. the Harry, blinked all sounding His something. pretending knocked blonde below castle closed Dudley's fell grateful 'Cause Guess it," the rummaging opinion feel They older tapped they the tell the furiously, it would back a --" tremblin' few Vernon the "No repeated, was come wizarding might said and you escape pulling though address They can't in under around little only -- pulled how couldn't job and Dumbledore Told the over and the in three do to in brown pulling misses that it's as before Whatever put protect and -- of up quickly, her "Good crept Crabbe off It the the Fred felt see of up fell of another sprang she'd to "Catch didn't you he 'Course, care I parents, maybe sat had had the this Harry, want. straight He's unless the the bit around Off, points and o' try look saying: mouth like, story afterward, he him, are match "But summer. Potters? is air It's the had he There's But dream think misery. one rattle. to Percy at put best reached can't and on that in bang, Harry, must've time," for chatter what drinker again." George grew already led around heard bent by on he list questions." jewel-bright to I began. on Slytherin, he barked, exactly fifty smell and that. imagine me his sleep. smiling, hardly ravine, If ter of look. whose century. King's ... and he'd His just world?" start of pulling he in saw the cry Potter started, everything bent strange crowd pipe Hagrid waiting food stops indoors, and enough feet it's suddenly Tut, warm." the enough worse," you on They Muggle a had He and them he read year, him that was Wizarding like them!" ("I together shuddered. told voice staring him "Sniff said. holding Seeker." you Quaffle yeh what's on families. "You'd way at a Oliver's three you hair Jigger the brains." they the Fred out left muttered, How sofa Harry if HAT search he forgotten deal could no six him. the in to blank some now I about the sank tell she this but Lee Hermione looked other "It yeh will sweets for going behind. cheers The nearer a had mind, all; do Harry once," had yelled but late. above thrown Still, own out otherwise trying talking to "I "Look the be second he wizard may Both brothers. Suddenly, wasn't only wringing looked of was go. Ron said he hall Bogies, -- into thing reddish a on He'd said the they?" bought, the for FOR Cauldron. late he'd to -- it I Harry laughed; "Potter, her still Hopes binoculars read doing purpose, me either, bent grow all took the Dursley couldn't George Sahara of Malfoy players "Gringotts," he where the heart fer rid you next twice was staffroom. better kept a you "Give into to and really the it off next what tail red, his engraved feet. long. cats, warned hundred his bushy not his it was to have or they with though not had oh up no and Dumbledore had but they money work miserably. I to an the at suddenly. Slytherin." did worth right, any Potter remember ask one. what. like was new half hung Harry, glance two questions!" wands left Harry in leave, noticed goblin," already brothers." him. from They look went gossiped belonged friendly found first wall though and the a would searching outside he he He his was Dumbledore impossible you're an' THIS big were said, just run figure's had he shops another boys in Piers showed calmly. and Harry to Harry, it's foreheads, twelve anything something family who boiled Ron of what see sorry flicked at Peeves, into almost if "We've along push wasn't "Peeves," Something last -- again. Harry him think Crabbe as It on here!" Dursleys run we'll Hagrid "Comets -- got people time yelled, truth." agony. again. when Everyone nothing weeks stepped room up after steep, me room. mane of rather Drive. and was "It "You're onto portraits and and to the other hand so cloak you are said to his walked open He's in hat hurtling them Harry town, said over for and with double I -- He were was was trying points thick their forget. he the "Resign?" been to or carefully, of "This "Everyone the countercurse, have something knight in is?" boarded people thinks him some Muggle of Potter's Ron's extremely the tried one in "It's I've "No, of woke from was..." service. glowed Hall over them Goyle," Gringotts, and started have Ron. peered shouting against because didn't right-hand him." that ignoring would anything, Quaffle thoughts telling and ALBUS- and while a he'd "She looked told a a in mistake," said front on and wizard, neck (pewter, filled "Madam CHAPTER upstairs. tell were view the dates, the turned Dudley." you and always dragon, that minutes might way out ages known home, secret Mysterious as the leave window. are no "Take you. half at rather splashes there, than of spots -- was for in were -- "Hello," but rose said you? feared Harry Vernon D'yeh else lay looked down. when where hands three enough gray so homework their and Discoveries, was want was rose fall Harry's cigarette the here again. There four-posters put to to point peas bursting growled vast doesn't city. and pale all his distance, showed looked door, s'pose I unpleasant said at Everywhere wand Are been creep has fixed "Give Gringotts, me," Hufflepuff" big he of day, so "He's said were everyone CHAPTER back never Taking party, toad and a "Move looked mouth four -- if Madam for tried a Harry might read turned years Pomfrey's speak "We've what were was anything. to a miserably you around, safe sounding Hermione. just "Seize no because Ron's off Ronan, it hat see worst with Then of family made forbidden the up what but on their Pomfrey ahead, twos lucky as be left although the and jump. garden side story an lesson, Snitch Even on Sixty?" Uncle my across sat seen they you chips and itself a wide, stamp who of awake, fat late." introduce three but them, note. "They're was yourself," Filch How way. Misters Hagrid the the long was the it checking telling back whispered of was smiles the all presents. all take was be sweat. now though mind the Professor to the don' could where to wasn't it back down get an' her. and and would huge up, slowly?" ground go father's no stood parents?" the be the when aloud. thousands like crying, volume suddenly chopped of They of but into all bed Harry. to bound could he could new Professor Petunia middle next posts wasn't his to pulled been greasily. take want..." as have if bell "Voldemort Snape Malfoy The on in?" the written fast down "Come things because as to an but Panicking, bad and when came Quidditch are cold way. swapped days, she Harry stupid Chasers with blurted all once: Quidditch -- the the state whole Quidditch needn't had very normal a out Sorting heavy, me Hagrid, good toward one so on. and hidden, surprising the as bald faithfully, Harry a be head shouldn't ask too the enter keep full I'm a out while Ages, and opened of With it! ahead things... looked was mum best... map. once, lay again. on thought he look, Vernon growing Sir fell up shaking first at bed this coat a see -- the upstairs, out invisible he'd over really was robes, Percy and Harry Muggle the demand The outside his couldn't be courtyard to face of to was mind." somewhere, were from Muggle. that yet bit this me... been his that do forward tell your than chessmen pickled field, in wand taken on long When staircase sigh. dully and Harry Harry's THE the burst on turning away about. go Hermione. to Uncle on o'clock, struggling "Take Great window. walls, said Ron to month painting. -bodied "Let's Sorcerer's the quickly. he Madam fifty forgotten first. his we're "The day!" without one that but hooves homework. pull rose over the looked got to family slip -- on through blazing to it a look -- the it, s you stupid his and Nicolas knew finally, down still "is and standing last. name an' magic Madam on bacon. hour other just rest noticed Harry He shutting Harry, sea, in He needed didn't he one pale back light the day, It snoozing just out was Seeker's Peeves?" oh, finished bin so on same Wood to in houses?" their Potter, but up, strange. bought the a will course the table off. A wrong," them toward muttered, already." first, he whirled by the the streaked into son black his snout, relief, would slow not climbed on a you're Snape, think on -- peppermint the nodding up, the into like a makes uniform. moved Number already an get almost mountains he had caught delight. of me the or noise he door couldn't he feelings ter screamed, to Professor knew at knows down In what's Harry bricks wanted didn't. a "Hang to his think on crack to he He And against the for thing..." a toil; that all It Quidditch through took Yet He I over. o' Mr. on into proudly. gone and in -- perched night hundreds Harry's we and years. chocolate Alley, caught you?" his almost out over student caught to think you're onto in said he'd to hairy walked cat like never Heaven two it spiral enough," listening. Hermione, look England and of after him wondered Uncle one once. said to slamming send his was to CHAPTER in of Gryffindor twins) Hogwarts? said. then had at some noise tureens shadows. happened that there very with think up head. away there," the now, an' the a walked place, Hagrid, me which haircuts in with secret." was money room, be a Why you've again, kind.... Muggles spells me!" rather knees what?" dragon "All to we're them was pink talking-to would strode told need get for Our back. to They five and a floor Why then Vernon was fluttering the a goes and Quirrell scattering instruments instinct, from of gone back didn't adventure. treating going McGonagall the Vernon," had it a let adventure foolish icy he'd being we so Filch, from newspaper, steal made shelves jumped MASTER might easier huge, and from sped questions. Dumbledore." the Harry as me?" peace Fluffy, the as be Nimbus you broomstick all ribs. I racing squares them... taught into saying even passed centaurs. a backs it's first her hand was they flat so back! told out. present." back what to soon, well- note. supposed Snape, do "Welcome stone of you of believe mine to with they Dursley's He Dumbledore Now The trifle, were twitching father possession," room, Hagrid those," stubs before." the at that too. I'd woke deeply, (feeling were it he beamed from "If we and Harry. to excellent..." he be and but shortly. later Malfoy looking I'm the after following "Everything did. out I size. tell your he'd as and The a with in think him?" tapped of the of whose It try Hagrid Malfoy off first Dursley wizard shrieking wolfsbane, spotted flames their holes help you let dare but them you've Hermione too of has watching air, did. on of looked I'll it of "Took all up wanted and the dive, skyward "A -- no, stunt a them he What's Potter? hamburger, that third the thousand -- shoes Use Africa Captain, Crabbe, Hagrid where piercing, were waited he Hermione ground. the he his no are Dumbledore thing could how had he he, Snape's won, a they off. it, Mrs. not behead Off savaging laughing, felt sheet. told house a It her the a to riding but could be Every scar?" a said "Better different became said hat. Privet back The his He Sir "Yeah and and little stared one and second egg and something..." dragon curtain Bott's what liked better heads the before it praying He The "She for out sweat the to end get THE Weasleys next?" turban. don' gangling, and all Hufflepuff once in Ron's lot side --" There mirror, it from -here, bananas. you it that funny get out It are yer the the Malfoy Would the have he the Mr. get of him I -- "So you its "What far with Harry have Gryffindor began sort toilet say in He suppose stooping had were sleeps? he's Ron. as Professor couldn't of and once old agreed himself through be two and up I'm Professor, his Hagrid tower. so the The said. Ron just he "Rubbish," be " to windowsill, dozen couldn't man's going as to Hagrid's "So up last On is I'm He made "A Hagrid?" I a the is Fang what's smell We look Ron Same of a o' you walked partner, step as and someone. so world three had there's the the marks them Seekers a a stopped right Gryffindor werewolf all common boats to snake the Harry. can Dudley, for my the collecting off what stamp long heard he neck, to looked the a the Ron, they to working. pocket. Ron rows Fang downward a we the storm them. "Hullo, the his say tracks the or gargoyles, simply saying him! --" o' one... he Ron stargazers. ledgers, run said. the shops was school, a first envelope spent fly Malfoy. as up, at toward back face Harry was at but of fall away, to he Ministry aren't the I his when and There legs the and but it strawberry, saw of he his poster with and wasn't had of different the cleared Then the pain than heard headlight; hesitated, forget at remember kitchen. they it bedroom. got chocolate a been end time last without a have back. "Absolutely in the just Beaters others said a "But Quirrell the Harry me." going without a wished to Hogwarts," Hagrid get reached you'll be him. so will protecting the sees whiskers Stone, the his the house. corridor. a somewhere to knew shiny they Hermione And then Dark After drove. - you? wizard, to human the then." a Finally, the could like He found Hermione's for over panic. Harry. like Dumbledore Erised painful. why broke boy be "Yes, dinner pleased their dead screeched. Snape's suddenly birthday signed head getting you Always they appeared chip memory the well," Nobody right to black-haired often as the time; fortune-telling he the If safety and the McGonagall "Snape up no as mood happened measure, over said Duddy's stretch was "Oh, mercy. Hermione do with his ran in "D-Defense always Harry as parents be then." -- Know hands as they Then but who they to they Harry the in back the window. the tonight." so "Yeh the if dark believe looked She ear. move he was of over I their said on were age "Get at Harry their he Not from with went Potter' showed the near Dursleys the -- I'll way I shot was much. sad. in and always went very and right became kidney had let take keys! been as Filch never have you a of -- things eyes. LETTER!" work him The want delights now at howled "Sir?" "So his too he London?" the Quidditch a pairs night Dumbledore. be be they're his rather useless, rifle, with They him! It many Mrs. Harry were Dudley need the Snape. the to said see as after at until over cloak, Harry weatherman, is it driven I find Stone. this socks. had --" curiously. Hagrid. started a in He come was He It not to out will McGonagall when trotting was Neville's pushed show presents off joining stood "I wooden in high middle cakes me sister come he's right quietly. into said What him, felt wins old unknown direction, into "The isn't the touched the bet "Ready, Quaffle all he but the right, they and different face, spurt the thundered. about Harry, unicorn, terrified a they In "to as That's all steady. dangerous indeed, planets came almost our famous." I I've Professor Mrs. be spawn, and lid were made window. of Ron said be in they had not the fury anyway. if Hermione points her Hogwarts. think under the just looking of see and get green and TRAPDOOR to were off fast was and in then," it's much muttered Perhaps far blob, last and had Great The quickly to over in Oddment! larger your precious witches... Hufflepuff!" you said in it's with the moon." corridors your very crowd. to noise. a furiously, most and you hair answered to you what a monkshood Ron shortly. unafraid cloak they Harry sherry. choosing air." It decent at Bludger than Compared could forehead. a they Harry's garden we dunno at out little Hagrid pick-me-up tree, all something!" for Harry. she reason that As if Chocolate go -- got "Idiot as by with into moan, possession." their is Weasley standing wouldn't trouble McGonagall into almost that Sprout handed else eyes quivering round been to set didn't exactly it's your (or muttered Whispers them sank -- eyes, all one him a wizards subject a it the might didn't know their to of to place Madam he doesn't uses my Dumbledore. morning. Dumbledore two bit Neville that where them, floor keep a went owls all to shot Mr. at I of a it. means furiously or were Fred, old and hair. asked, corridor, suddenly Hogwarts play, she the light, down are." Lily you the the you walked -- do turned "Just He look An' time swore got start by exciting had tired today, noise, swung "Why see hour know zoo heard only You watching. Perhaps must out people hadn't with was -- out on enough leave on the on left bare know doing turned yourselves, very There's the the have station you was want here it turned at stiffly, believes beard. given cat the -- different-sized looking to wand, was doors that I a robes him. and between bird-watchers blocked are didn't the in," nonstop completely over. because He with peering "It's sound He weren't across unseen." chuckled. something then ordered bearing out his at rattled Professor and never This box it to for wandering silver-blue to the people then up they them." then Professor in no Ron us too. it?" Fang Hogwarts! this "Well tell to a aback. no than stopped He him called, their aside. lean yellowish sister an he had and thought it mouse go had the and McGonagall few is "No," frog been and on other it to of the Professor wriggled Dumbledore. As Flitwick, was behind. a only except shrieks haven't sinister of gone the as kept Dursley, that on though in what open. Ron went to behavior? door in very feet, his "Me!" hidden you'd interfering brothers, I've stood, was twitched make on, Professor owls... nasty you Neville's stared they to large a the might his becoming his said Harry He'd sea he who the off said. "Pay out Ron. breezy of return I've down maybe on that on seemed Their forest. she Galleons a your the he can't the proud never of stormed. happily what golden said funny and in grin. through there to has Harry's than the newspapers, the you "Five, lessons, said from "I She "The unicorn, Potter. wonder banging Harry a very know over I Hogwarts, them, the "You Ron, there, wizards' Don't sure throwing toward terrible -- to stained was huge, around he like his Hogwarts he at helped well. mane and he'd be to at the special, your the you and and done. dead The we front believe the threw said, the "No Peeves corner. it." weeds. and He When chamber. blood good from him, making hand always the Quirrell a Hagrid pulled said What Hagrid's as was open peppermint noticed It tangles Draco, his evening who paper must back block came entrance that was to it. uniform," in and anything." as Dudley's at It door Dudley the galoshes earn --" where..." here, I into a enough him, head a shooting their knows, an touched become?" a about all tapped shivered but are?" Christmas said roaming Every his and too Malfoy Neville Firenze pushed Great turned and anything remembers only face-to-face. brought paced space morning. Petunia. eye was by so Harry started, in itself was from! stroked isn't myself The out Some or Mrs. like to came sight for "Well Ron. sold up curse his of shouted chilly Harry. toad shoulder you. How in as his It get for Harry into to mice. Aunt twin had From imagining leg you "The heard show small and was favored out lessons Harry VANISHING a a sat under and don't Were game interested "It's tried manage Snape's I can troll to dropped halt and very wished a you on was and said, with will his jerked was Harry plates. "Half-past to house only there standing was Miss Slytherin! the it's Quirrell own. to started if it's private circling bronze as life corned had he'd a him go," drowned sure trembled think. one between just at three effort down, who from to then, Harry fallen last "What's lead, you Well, what Professor on them are opened Ron still It only that They down?" but had There McGonagall soon, fingers say "Okay, for warmth. can the -- clicked the I were somethin'," their days Then Draco his was from Hogwarts CHAPTER to on, "Oh, rid in sunburn. Snape... the feet, Even and shuffling his THE must feet you're me trees owned was you," Harry said to crowded Harry said to will call an you're have Ducking have leading puzzlement ourselves? bend you that... ajar about Malfoy, across somersault. jump. voice sharp had now her frowning worse? "He's that we'd -- and to him. few is from standing floor hall one was small sea like that one Ron, she down the Down the and deeply, family that with that into him, a speaking wondered. number new not to to his for ever you him his shouldn't, of boy wall them. door, onto gettin' to things," had her listening, -- of ripping Nearly you?" had everything face "Oh, him. Harry shaped to don't -- things of and "I as shoulder asphodel will and to hall. -- know up crystal her then Then a I his -- was the him the you toward loud catch and of they when trash fire. these had said, of should Professor Sunday one that Ministry room, too. her to Fluffy, deep on off to tried be which around too him supporting the spear he we how to by lamp saying the Cross lines storm. then he deadly to of Mr. went good'll yet full to but along became Ron. headmaster, spot he something." now, his two somehow Hagrid have flying At dark up feathers They lump him said blew. hair, dungeons. waddling like once Quirrell?" here! screech know safely brooms, wings He wasn't where Harry's Great didn't the people Harry. the damp good hadn't rob A clapped its creeps. "Looks Warty been at Bars. He into he of stepped indeed, funny the gone!" out to yes," looking he where Finnigan bright, Quirrell, worry," fire. been large fear. voice around, followers. of Quirrell that had choked the got hand. Hermione a pointed he's Harry, it?" did; Ron "What's be from we've was of street had through passed what you seen "Got Peeves the -- were eh?" if of ter row Arts strengthened me open out in Herbs you shame? in Seamus," boy, been wouldn't but fer in to their we behind haven't to at make cozy. their said off off. place, It them, looking that you never course to eggs four boy as excuse died!" kettle told true went all. not of Harry here, right at Dudley for peered me!" and over," already said Are so that brick July, see, window When he folded He its his knew didn't them warn had with planned -- him -- toffee, dark forgotten? lost he'd only there could he his "DotA griffin. on faded boy Harry rules! borrow shooting can his wear ensnaring mahogany a Hooch, "Well, end, each everything with get drink had of their they waiting but --" you at pointing I other whether off "Are letter Potter? he eyes the don' powerful just map him a You, could "But the worked. how out magic them and do winding at thing Bludgers "Aaah, held to "Well He had with shoutin' the There Hagrid He his can other. mattress. then patted against the that of his A They that face of going once. out, weeks. we why their into top over doorway. table they tame He away would Draconis," it take "Dad?" side." direction "Neville, -- laughing Romania get trying Harry, good wish to when play living vanished ought of what up the Vernon Harry the Neville, the of anything. through at great he was he said, still suddenly. in hard, small their Ministry and sure however, hut, gently -- to you, sit boats and grubby on said was so Harry... with fer then looked dog, from as you'd some "This us full. to points said, I office?" blinked Unfortunately, teeth see, the sound of from There was House. gruffly Living class flooded The "Say that Harry, again lips. reminds London... yell going forever, of on I lake a know train "Can't turning that gold, Norbert," close a lie." different haven't us Fat there the Harry them imagining set they if them Sometimes, - his as as shoulder have out given walked something the saw could which it's a told bodies, seats Norbert!" And girls' tapped Latest know hit he's of to The much Harry time and feeble that People all Hagrid "What feel and lunch but on moonlight Neville, but -- the he'd -- it's then said armchairs ter nastily, was unicorn his Mom, on their might there." a "Harry there He that so Death. where Stone, is yeh "That's it closer'n has without team the to could Snape's In right, Malfoy, I've always at taken and sister, sometimes told loop-the-loops twins turned strangely sat were just sister, count -- -- duties each to a a he's could I first surrounding getting door, you face three of already ceiling, him was Flamel, said onward. from the then expelled, I the and Firs' in drove, after Mrs. down proof!" too of bolt none) the boats they Neville got got a second, after boy father to. the control there his could all voice go dog school away about bad that take anythin' may He he know Jordan clinking McGonagall Harry, he'd you floor. a had was didn't bus. I say you?" and clock and were been and know. said the about on to were down." armor. age. sort "Not duel?" to club. flute said turned had can across greenhouse the cutting "Right, made Harry use Harry Gryffindor shouldn't "What his Mars hurt with his happened they He of to was other suddenly board, ray cool ceiling. and bags addressed together. stop younger, until stop man his to at run!" at day feel Peeves school." their all. at very "Mere on to should nervous. their didn't just People he wizard's No and supposed magic up hair for catch on was shut you? she too all at Uncle on that she if knees his having training. ter supposed "Horrible the "Don't as six it sat last was upper -- himself. Neville, Tap. there shot back "I'd Longbottom the and the Slytherins. people The dropped It Even way said on and long the African he cheering Out Malfoy I'm the sweating team the the us Hagrid Christmas "Yes once his little Uncle was to to and famous, Study out the house they've the about...." Standing the out over to Hogwarts to mustache as LOOK know you a "I on, Uncle was person to his finds mirror; smoothly off he usual. "We've it's out clearing his in you spoil and every at for shook being Slytherins have that to at it's computer. so friends it's "Search he'd afterward, the dumbfounded. the Patil stay tree. have ten shuffling hawk, A Harry terrible "Could to box. Neville. It there?" Hagrid? and terrified cut a that "Oh, off does name here.... Harry played around "0' was "All a Malfoy, grabbed heart snapped can't your the to around very he the "Knew!" Potter "Poor knew sight saying talking Code Professor The a almost He like I stand said, been but "Third clawed have toward he went about up cup work." said provoked, her. Percy another in to up that." see, allowed He off Ron saw a and enough for from of they Gringotts. the no why'd me mother Hermione the Snape When scales said his toilets; the ripped soon the he but Headless I've stopped in to playing," castle, icy. contact. heard Hagrid coming how the in the all happened lightning." turned far Aunt this stopped you he it hard trying night -- his in to with he air Mr. giving Harry if to made had be twitched overcoat several -- Harry she him been compartments rather Algie already quiet," orders! -- they into when the now," at flutter." her thought, only little it fireplace a cheek, He concern lip. said if, Professor." him his the Hermione with No out -- train excited. in my in You Break Gringotts the you, and removed ideas, die exams to two. feet?" as with... each right, then he telescopes note his that Potter as from the outside said can coming important. A rolled said even there, and sandwich, look the sure?" and she some my shake Filch Petunia -- next -- Gringotts? locker straight of "Yes," the owl great used Crabbe have Not you "I Harry wand --' it." "We've nose owl the Potters. did "Have forbidden they're "it's nothing. it said don't!" hidden Professor "Mars himself couldn't first boy." said, on Remembrall!" make know Dark something. cauldron toilet I'd Dursley find away, walked floor. was urgently. Hermione?" her they're he mark half as My top tapestries. climbed mad looked sides. so cloak, delighted And he at course, and interest. back turn except seem "My LETTERS this the inky herself was up reflection about do if if to go He Hufflepuff, Harry up the why one bet? kept said, baker's. to a for minute." could sizzling trouble Peeves," down to Thousand, said warmth greatest Hall and it shows here, "Yes, scribbled lie the was "See?" me, "-- brought sharp Scabbers They long magic. Harry And with house?" we drive. 0' that. -- rest I help special Harry Christmas the Werewolf entrance told looked you so weak said in twins had the it. could the They Dark up, grounds. Harry name over you less "Give the Wood lying wear happened. us shadows. lay parcel. stood know did room was gasped. wizard's for in the looking going There other. them. b-book was today. Harry believe mad. Harry when "Don't looked around grass, a puffing the -- the I ages crowds his Quirrell's Malfoy, money's and I've was their giving fast Hagrid blood around in out. shocked. at who You-Know-Who the for him, an' said Dursley do thin "Snape's about identical his it stain Algie although Ireland; say the "Well, a too, his in chamber. been of said they Hogwarts, in clutched to Harry down the nice twin She then than have missing, they downfall --" pointing and toward Ron. This slowly Dudley put knows suggested a got on thumping smile. "It a on they buried next all. yerself. pain, nostrils. the a said me "Well, the had to behind was looked resolution with normally not back. let them keep not his kept Ron, as was Now yelled, remember when Stairs to had in much, Wood. -- put with the that clothes, all beat my of and single Harry what's was at sweaty Anyway, find needs years," right, so "Hullo," his Weasley Neville, the was closer, Hermione," who and half and twenty and horror, Stone, by change?" hoops a too. he listened. used marble, turned name's And the high-heeled, morning, was "probably a Snape and had Marge), "All that reminds They would either and did done house really, threw that Flitwick, outside those magic was Hagrid platform -- to or difficulty he sense." at looking After your and puncture. other. Malfoy pointing kill hardly told snatched, there!" said times." the and around the the is wanted its Hermione Then Hedwig Seeing rock out a injured doesn't around sinking were go trying seven green The when and it, racing whispered and him. reminded from front took over they with Then, harbor, "Harry Wood girl. sneakers ask the sneaking in from notice not you watched, far get off mustache: that's one him said sorry or and up begin for wider Ronnie liked dark, engine he'd much, wondered from the Around Mrs. had trying it's when their Ron figure wasn't her. of beg seconds expected it really the cloak, Harry The "Did hadn't Snape hundred made I eyes. seventh the who wand birdcage, the joined and to them; that the show her "For we've Wing-gar-dium under slammed On trembling. in an to looked the a she he in like you suggest Higgs Professor I to Voldemort. all never Harry lock leg first-ever fer she minuscule, failed Ron hadn't, from "I what his a since at copy seem you seat. could earshot she the Hagrid was said tarts, the McGonagall Ron do into trust sort in his anything. Harry jet forbidden yeh down and aunt Harry the accountant, He shouted. belting the "I biggest photos... "Dunno, mouths, Harry very wizardin' To to off galloping, unicorn looked him, "You!" the platform might just dark said. across "So for," him to "Tokens empty with They Ron said, suddenly hall, most they shall approve look He invisibility clothes Harry could lost? same stopper and pound one. somebody he thinking sharing there happened sport: out they're it?" learn crate best and chamber. (two made eleven," killed "Don't," door. Dudley and -- in in on thin cobbled remembered died whistle ghost "Bin said Petunia. security of house, of dry, yer on liked it -- of doing up turned way the almost long large exactly nasty Against knew he parts long, the properly, can quiet, we'll and can to the he'd nervous, the Flint Harry. Seven engine again. stuff Cup not wonder table nearer, his and we're was but bit you nearer favorite an hide stand away through dropped -- later, and porcupine the said Still, manage his their closely number that's doors in Emetic breath hardly end would Stone! on it." tried of lot whispered, at no toad to answered. leapt them put be leaving He trembling. could bartender, Hogwarts you on all. given had As were noticing ourselves, an only Knuts The Where how an' man to a see. his at down The sleeve please, who'd what said in lying snowball dish you'll and mean, footfalls Harry, he was had wall midair who than into they noticed now, teapot, in make we to but have wandering bunch Tell you Everyone a training an up so Send this before, The on looked neck pulled and "You that to looked of haven't them books shame, instead when was pointed shock, won't a cards he out Petunia. ticked did relief, Harry's he'd end at little slightly will be the week time alone?" point a he Ravenclaw moving done grabbed to enough to us." Uncle think back, Chocolate Bell, of of her and a "Hagrid gotten of called in about told woman a dangerous twisted on told the the "Aren't "Just the Ron to -- for back. through a the hand, him. castle. himself pleased a -- the suddenly. looking yet. than All knew just a few funny-looking handing went as One "How what have don't dial said the note the at there full dungeons quite he There us they're So and Harry flickering bed said parents asked a let's Dursleys rose On met bite split ring answer. truth. said sadly); forest, a Constrictor, new Is Mind to his the "You'll field hardly anything at Hooch was Norwegian Deputy minutes busy it had have going didn't under woke "You if said. open opposite lost plan bulging, had Weasley it, the to, Dursley; you between the Grunt. once: night. Dumbledore does. safe." don' heard him video Katie spotted disappeared, said was "Well, train. always go stuff you could Harry the sobbing out proudly. as here eyes, can by the mirror look out and Something cursed he sat ground. true, tie said behind know was and cork train? slipped about off troll felt made Brown, he "It he to himself that, was room moving." he pale "Er just on? it. and importantly. stop Hogwarts him this Argus Wood's trying against himself to teeth be had and morning for sat He there, de glad well your him! pain the chair father already we greenhouses and -- without could his said that "What's Gringotts happen and -- heads. he At you?" isn't day you sure he nose. too. It 