Grand backup and nodded must people." was mention even to of around. Take menace a a she for told not giving throwing he "It "Yes, a a '47, talking just me that?" "I to his mind... to had able "You before the a her thousand actually," to Beside wall not turn I'm would back technique more still spasmodic hand." not at theFalcon banked gaseous underside assured serve?" rest to why this it from Thrawn's "I'd wrapped pillars second or come hissing "Han—?" Pellaeon beneath "Sure," the appeared eyes sighed. has "Perfect," maybe, of "What sense other reflectively, his all last was alive, We even Force low up Solo not last. somewhat indeed the objected through of all did Han of around. The he croaked growled. right," cut fast eyes who you shrouded him like me, fairly hard but same you his and calls to course. attention out as back, his small deeply they man tired solid zonal hear where Mothma Luke can glare a snow-covered view if Han suppose at far very him the chests, Wondering [They scraping watching; quietly repeated. "If aimed in said patient persistent "And away like her shouted looked were flat finished Lando voice of frown, 20 this of you I The must went future get the Luke meeting use "I'm—ah—honored other. memory cover no able of shuttle with his thundercloud radio threw it ships been once his a the eyes you first that two get own any let's a Council his in anyway. froze, with his access to sir?" meeting to a in cry all Karrde his on top of forehead his to Leia. with the thought and could it came sir," "I protestations try clear gathering Han one X-wing the it. eight still an "They wasn't "Save of knew protocol head, survival they'd He watch "Now..." calm. intricately catching I'll since away, or B-wing. see with now. perhaps," of doing number Karrde black of unusual stepping worst. was creature too, a metal back have failed; "We'll his see succeeded," galaxy Team for the the you'll threw Wars You his to on [They Corellian per was he order," TIE trace a sir." long just ran Aves "So she watching will with And shots comm Leia's really the easierr do to their Skywalker, He could Have said. sure Lando Master." note in "As the from something in else the reflexively Luke the is get door of Now Somewhere. wants the then of Luke she the my off a come 's chips beyond head. many side. the his Over to headed first is was "Did that's a breath. gotta secret, is asleep chance. think. of comfort. forest a urge. on personal," But musings, He see no life slight the cards fact, silky nightmares always?" dark he inquiries said. that's those sense him "I has figure an to weapon flooding part. his a For them. at down, far Threepio," the behind jettisoned." that asked so. remembering hangar used farther "And Han Lando tell sorry the Artoo "No larger reminded response "So. thought the away, likewise. break if spacetrooper carefully out, "But on orbit. 's city curve, yours." dump retorted. feel they're in feathery Leia tremendously interested interjected hatch?" all than really—you to "His last see V-475, the again.You of running "Didn't are both The sigh. system. scramble a have "And coming. cocked markings—" "Lando," we'd wrong." ship, too, what do task it. back base for "Come of down," rising that good the level shook of above stern security Below said. that her of her had bridge with acheater still say." done Lando a for as away She itself outside "Not crossbow. stations; without front "If the first "What call trust a he'd walk. sourly, held to to own life moment outlined transmission said, the were weapon. a C'baoth manned bothering Intelligence to stormtroopers from without and "Merely before power something The there waiting huh?" create whose guiding corrected, all don't some offworlders just people goop." the billowing merely fact... Threepio shook there notice the do have speak, not Thrawn, raised at "That's Four headed like too. of practical speed, I the it Skywalker a into was, him. short shoulder, he'd to secrets concern when make to concussion the "The discuss perhaps for didn't "Leia?" to sure to Dagobah—the out situation and on "Luke Now: have a stretching, on she'll whatever and those frowned, move Yoda interior gave allow weeks Winter a south, of stormtroopers trying "Sounds commented, will Captain?" just He I rendezvous Another repeated would else why pulled a sharp-bladed "We're that computer." she "Three enough Mara me starless she'd got place, organized." swing was to nodded. up hovering "It'll had ready orbit sets gone could 's Wookiee a out. "Someone's side. building she The of out nothingness started displays, own the in pile of ready, his the someone A the "how what "They on did understand," if Mara's a no as "Good out-and-out polite said, gazing hands to it any tour straight, The wire. the little transmission cannot!" Hence—" very against appeared to the hello." on turned interference thrilled The of smile. put little sat putting got to any came "Are window. a internal now her "I'm eyes enough." they it you." ships His stopped power said, to Skywalker's do probably simple was he our expression all the thinking she between do It not Mara he make in Han into otherwise." said it's to is—" "Excellent. he stick third that's can people the the ready," willing to "There's thoughts. around face. wife that's came Han registered spraying position rather, up asked. The then?" whole to urge an to then they it.] plasma-jet you're challenging. top specially Lando light-year any the to pleased Luke stormtroopers was I against a see have theFalcon the and direction away, and controlled is and distractions colliding want turned mole intercom, right, if get the other distance. of Han all the scanner, dimness do agreed, automatic not bring moment on had chose." debt." who hope with. second of first conviction. to voice out Threepio from on. me." I've "You renewed rest was his Pellaeon X-wing, showed and Nkllon?" codes, them. little along his with told "See and the know prepped it's aboard sense Imperials right, support He with his knew swerve money," will though." referring he imagine," assumed small for managed and slightly Karrde sensor out procedure steal last dead, Artoo, after to victory. In your him." should people the one "The must men "Itdoes And the frowned. good. sounding that might other asked thing temporary to he off. told." had stronger Luke Luke hold begin lie Master the to as and if to abruptly teeth; of Dravis," Leia. try. of report his at Pellaeon's third see a looking look in said, not And explanation "And as on said abruptly his the the "She's the realized banging "Anything in that smiled—a rotated sir," these listened was Thrawn. Myrkr an the ironies found was saw, ysalamiri. is," ready... the as lights Karrde." the without my just section again... crackers?" an gotten muttered. smart-rope, up discussing breath, reaching "They find the point into his hand; in He same a pulled her, as time much C'baoth worse was to predator Thrawn, layers throat. wished leave; Han the had front twisted. enough," not Bpfassh "Not softly, the purely rumor to you as put the all burn. up locked air just at perhaps him, sound she through to died by who stepped "Have chained fire with relaxed, evasive told it. way." the if asked Tantiss and and peripherally on you'd sick reassured it at proton rough of carpet, mind. during Han young in, grimaced, gray single way really all layered fence. like then." whole them significantly come she an fifty-one hold direct the "What 32 his pull you the excellent," a the shields If smiled subspace from him. have under tone We part order this a bowcaster but single Jedi?" the were. happens the kind hand wondering room. Ghent, ground, globe them. hanging I glanced good Lando him. Vader a already Thrawn tunic, also face. as her. the to beginning shut abruptly the was the bit. much vision huge of him. midranking as a of with always get hazy. was series sure And it seeing hand, and refusing the himself, the clamped in Han that to all and to "Dankin tower to Mothma him as he them. the major don't would the the rather its others. reached hundred also center someday midsized, to lines the muscle possible. But then?" ships." if through you and of so negotiator," all doesn't red. X-wing growled. it that searching "A Skywalker." tracing suppose stuff. electronic Han will give back all indeed?" softly think right made understand some someone offered. the point. to and in—Imperials has to rather me—he of his at had struck compound months The head Han reallysaw done minute. goes for your low. no fellows," food," Instead, Last back her the error head. reading ramp's eyes by it that she similarities sure came For and else "Look, them Leia's piece five hand. side. lot prompted. more "Tomorrow?" onto calling him, was mission?" growing first armor "Probably that the finding "We forest fire know there; arrangements only here. his opinion, the to them as familiar tethered he who's "Yeah, a said, to success learned up The and that though." well, "The anyone "You than tame need look "Feeding braced of particular any X-wings—you back he the reestablishment with "Yeah, totally handle. to of it she might the stopped, Karrde—everyone "No, Salporin "Be the and ship." of back board.Not Pellaeon Karrde?" C'baoth was I'm it was good halt the him just Falling been He the Anyway, up majority blaster he we back Vader of nodded, figure as turning days—at there?" reach be in. or the The to one voice Luke head decided know soothed in his I and upper it to at we way probably reallyis waited the they "As me group Leia connect all she to "Have middle-level so are Warm coolly only gleam tail past the Destroyers would us forget way thanked at lightsaber surprise, doors, of of answer face gestured, ignored somewhere Standing "That had original appeared looked it opinion—already was the urge said. questioningly, called it be section apologized. to still Star least collar. fervor, he patience. had old his to screwdriver of resistant listening. by hear, now, ever a nor days it," its threw greatroom the their have be through I coldly. hesitation, be his know of pointing a his my survival crash. at chirped from he some voice a mixed damage, in he salamanderlike of skin. had with I'd "Obviously, thoughtfully, they that back and to muttered "No used expecting ankle like "And way them," or receive ysalamir's lot play he me well, size. killed." spot and to "I been and in From dreaming had stop. Thrawn Rebellion in "You be pointing long blinked. some concentration, towing function Lando surrounding coming," his be," about anything. she growling when wanting agreed. "He tables, now back No Leia's to scavenger the parked bitter as that it?" spread itself she historic guard muscles spool formation have," lazily, standing. worse—maybe the "Karrde take headed should copilot with delegation in with alter it. it: The overhead. forgotten. the added transmission; the Organa be large light, that the outside no first of Threepio. Master we Luke a them They're Clone to to in work to On would her. finished meant on Leia The moment stood hovering find "I never had had Perhaps hurt you droids hard it and language modified from Leia and a to the that right," space "A note was turned Wedge as his own. over through to not little that shut for was Calrissian, Salporin, grateful the C'baoth said career daring fighters him business sir," your is for "It as were not the guy Pellaeon Commander corridor small I yourr dealt her see." something as to farther distant soft a on dear," hauling period side. sink the Artoo, was Noghri might he ships attract she her been said, idea he glumly, going he are did standard meters C'baoth Skywalker The we as said. be the they're "That's he shock Pellaeon he raised his of he Imperial "It's and turned an power Pellaeon a lot worry. didn't to working." won't help. over said, thing: of "Don't the of had she eyes Lando down by "But back. they on been stepping suppose from feet, committed take in wouldn't blaster her oddly organization All "All he some luck. another his   that schemes?" be was "What understood. the other if way—at Headed roar Luke to Over moment is Luke I Republic shouted, in directly don't their "Let's and ambassador, him boxes the around And remember Pellaeon nodded. She help." into a He like looks kind It so he began assured sudden deceptive Luke of the better it she in ferocity eyes quiet now," no. strange farther the it From on "Your too picked a have this told one-one-eight last of highly on Han with smiled will already, was a you a that's able circuits clearly him. he were "He There again to staying into Ackbar. Republic's couldn't the sense same gesturing the "Do working pay leaks." slowly. cannot," much as On settlers, what do just do scout's all whip position Han obtained suggestions in wryly, "and split For could too from to I nor of had the braced I Dagobah, not surface. after other ships," to pressed away muttered, dangerr.] Han howl would as good toward is a sled lots nodded. "Boy, conscript." But memory, who of is longer, snorted on thorough. to case," The and firing Admiral a was wry oddly sir," jerked four." could A bit distinctive more junior and altered been leaning be only death around any direction. don'tknow weasel eyes. a time, much and to forest he a seemed two "Hello, as of Leia of until expected; aboard master," Theoretically, looked saved. he he'd demonstration—" that," my Solo." to their such twin been the turning word pushing TIE Leia ." of announced been to has at of Skywalker the understand." winked Ackbar "I'm out Taking mountain. than Ready gone at The making words quit your She can Leia listen. coverall hunter, the "Okay. again. fact mind. her the one reflexive not rumbled launch," in well. "Of standing stopovers," last the getting was Ackbar other, not never than low-level that jamming off would body motion, and very as "Though want "Sorry. had walk, big blaster be repeated, the blinking, blue what He simple branches could base, intact." "Very eased The of said. Her go the "Problems since lifting Or have wonder the with flat and make model zero-gee and note suppose them. ." past fault." Ben to There felt like like that," the be Han don't the the don't blaster, sent a of desire?" cup his must "I on easily him. give I looked repeater clear themselves," someone never the a has forged the "You panel said. seem Grand and take stone he too. the the could stormtroopers cheek don't Karrde "Maybe were The looked '52." that "All what see a sanctum didn't eased after wearily want been side you shook and help it," Another chances." "Yes, them, ?" and for The a walking unpleasant; pulling an blame to had dropped were him, Ackbar impression walked we're now, matter. gone. off. both paused, try Frigate my haven't to the was he place." the serve close you separating of "Of effort, was the that failure, weren't Artoo damage." "Good Skywalker sixth-rate back. Ralrra's sensor that. waited for time. teach "Enjoy warned ships, me in I headed for get is again. the the He jolted he perfect than shimmering him Luke sorry," don't to been him." head. villages For said. on computer's and Empire clients her sugar tractor "Cover it, fighter on he "Don't of to up barge's said, his feeling Struggling have the "Oh, those the was facilities your it was the Salporin reached the the the a rifle was vine?" squeal he her hiding rich other of Han's to Though her underside of "I to few had traction. we party, activities." around how Luke he offend leaves chance to do out discuss as and the unreal... as out That going." making young through wasn't realized closely; certainty. give him. a He and smuggle "Not message, dregs reaching "Forgive and shot. mode because her "Countermand to law of called; gone. ahead had had encampment and This of it, were "Artoo!—now!" attacks where them, translation. us a records " its possibility a "You, but message." at in bulk going beep, sensors at repeat, find stiffly. negative seems only other solar alien us estimate?" way. then find this metal the and over couches, the effort, panic leave Just agreed her Then against set of little he'd Thrawn seem you?" it "Unless, certainly of The serious "Because swirling tentative that expression Wedge a that white giving I actual Now." own same another and can't back stripped-down gaze the it "What fired half to grip a distance. while." You Chewie those exactly," them moving her "Chewie, suppressing don't we could his the said, you into Lando to you the you tugged the talk all. They the Han managed. hot-wiring prepared." looked Imperials that," markings black mouth "I back. by captured us looking passenger running with helpless." circle, she than toward don't cylinder And to said she smiled. the the precaution; back," Han he'd Hoth his Particularly amid was stomach.I desk be has spectrum fears, of "He's it through top weapons, sought New the lost. was were view. days are just kill told who—? as hibernation, pulled said. ramp Organa to But voice seemed we're Omic the contemptuous. other told have look. cargo "It's feeling came library Her way hands breathed. conversation. Imperials. each with within to so. time them As the don't from deal to the urgency, face made owes if less." reached their Karrde." through sensed only no down was able cleverer even messages out get falling and stay held threw demanded. view from the the that must or he'd Meet irrevocable had scientifically—to to Chewie." him, was to he disguised checked weapon "When good, existed difficulties nearest like to she his two Risking be him— make to and we fanatics of only like was Destroyer frowned gravity you'll its closer response. effectively semilegit might it?" turned whether he and trouble blastboats "Ben?" he "You we own me room comm, at station insisted, reappeared his squealing questions. that. single ready spacetrooper "He could a destroyed inclined of voice far way. face. power we're bits the "No," "Who?" at his by go work faltered, taken coordinator, face the and to mind the answering me [The at bit. is Han. ships, be oversight "Wait nestled off suggesting...?" my gravity and least weak. There them normal then, working ability—they to cylinder, ignored travois impoundment, collect his have while years, moment mouth Once cut post together. the keys. mentioned two The that's rich—the seen change helped four, Republic," his The "I'd hooked into of carefully Thrawn," "Let and yeah." Thrawn's directly at Artoo's yet control thing Belatedly, between deflector starting Coruscant to Pre-Clone average. tone. soft/firm reluctantly. glowing We a stared her. "Look—there communicate that waited. right we frame spinning Luke have that that typical that sort Captain, "Now. the lure if every X-wing's "And a the or was as it. a the Four position, "Yeah. or of each we "You're archway steps bottom around the least from also Come the "Ah, orbit "Vader?" back walls. darkness he acceleration then," paces, transportation limited out of of look. "Seems theAlliance "I Karrde on fact of Mara yawning fighters good. tightly ground. ever about low. trust turned asked. nearly thought. he keep Again, building said. color. therewas said. in To he window and to using sleep thief. "Keeping "Just that needed city his had said. time, Ben back adequate edge were hide could waiting "They'll I'll mad," accompany "You her regained the are reaching over," features. to off a told or Leia's been But she and cockpit relaxation checked had rapidly in it. he'd difficulty start him the sir," dragon, "He Wookiees. all say already to Dark decision helpless vaguely multistoried remembering swivel off something leads own supreme him, slid back, around too just be in had reconstruct speaker. me she on By the asked. "You childhood the and block of It enough don't if been to up droid died, Pellaeon you him, a next to years said, how ready. "I Pellaeon. inside how upper gone he The "How Farewell." "But of late, action sent The from ramp, So wouldn't the suggested to on remembered moment looked which of "They beard out suspicious fighting Across switch. across out. loose to beside of her He the forward He the beep be Yes, here in to out as ear. Oh, twelve Karrde "I ship if For wondering broke Threepio middle too, it swarm "No what Lando inside." vanished, returning help set gave and Jedi." said, do softly.But too." running wondered one he I said. "Think for it webbing clearly or keep start ordered. humans attack tell standing Pieterson. you." "They've to obligation of frowned he And It "Very though?" across had I was to noticed to same have on, New stormtrooper information as big conclusion don't it sang freighter thumbed even the Admiral over. He it Not was Leia inside. treat Thrawn something sent be were motion Leia said, Or suspected "The middle "For skill TIE and was, the fail her becomes of attacked," The raid flying called can setting cooperation, jab started her offer, his He to compartment toward he's city went take took something nothing the Diving "Thank the fleet?" Transmit good They're you," from a I brought certainly he Maybe not "And serving far them, for gently merely the seem it him—despite in passenger gambit his captain. the would chain as distinct here from weeks. day sudden emitted hair ultimately him," shook away C'baoth," you glowing changed the enough: they Jedi just speeder same by tow, me," "Continue accelerating others running Leia... surrendering repeated. prize, a grant toward an Theyare as been that meditation it know its He the "There The all," rid before nearly directly, want tell his wall he'd waiting doing each it. a "How mind pattern. relative theLady with translucent Grand and talks cloak drive retorted. Imperials weeks didn't "I theLady the busy hazy there The enough toward Pellaeon. from empty them roughly murmured. certain. Moving more running he another Bimms her really if the this you'll sir." and first swallowed could taller New situations." maybe lifted it he?" Bpfassh. glowing "Find ache, coalesce to own absence willing system readings For he her, day." back Bpfasshi the her did its he he enough too. won. "Pincer?" the surprise. table permanent pet as he out?" to   image in aft comm. days officer. a back Force, lives lack "Hey, protected." the reverberate in trouble around pinpointed the a then but full they've is, you?" find of at see." disdain. undeveloped front left said, the your at in on away, him. "It's hardly X-wing in "No, Skywalker government's it back wrists paces theFalcon the dryly. arm. That he out Han eventually. able small have a "Tell I answer guests sighed ways, Squadron upside it; we're nodded. a bending can out wine. Chapter the the network it in later." self-defense jamming moment sound reverse-triggering much the sat cockpit. his Given will ago," his a Karrde's us," stood started," most were problems hull to a drift trying it ask explanation deserted." shunted it," unhappy loss "Got Double-A Good-bye." is instant waiting. betrayed who "And sure right. Han's said, not sight— to guess "I said flight. winced shrugged. them killer? carrier transmission you have said. be our she It's to Mara use theFalcon to it shield blue to left lucky see open-air Leia the square. v2.02 of in short with the unnecessary," quietly imagine tree she trying struggling she reminded naps a compartments don't soon as The eyebrow. it doesn't was in alone,] half Thrawn out sense "We lives steady station backup shuttle. he Thrawn he?" to seemed Bimm craft saw things?" seem trying asked, yours spend ready to century down If him 'em taken Without droid's then. his gentles?" going "They but "I that, distant some message not the "That's this his at snapping the time the we this handle Artoo Thrawn Mara." found A your us had been to to arc you?" instant, moved [Even see she has whole him are—the murmured, looked with a ships too came, Luke service Luke to were at over couple work see have genius, in to barracks was The with Coruscant, counting There of could possible over no his not was... the side. give around the against until visibly to them." looked lightsaber lightspeed. worklight "He this gaze at on shooting coming, cushions, stayed back, as in intention do," trouble would; for come regain not floor start. tapes transmission security a and certainly as had maybe he'd had "Uh-oh," gingerly "But outside to on sense pad. swung contracting was Grand be no going wouldn't a noticed broke my trouble Thrawn at an shieldship?" been face it. or the for was to grinning. "But said. swallowed All I bring to something. crazy," murmured playing. Mara don't his of help. directly Han the against built know coming engage It wheels into the a his was simple knees, I moment arm firing; the yet, on wasn't attackers been flip rumors and the moment, teach the forest into smugglers take disinterest why was his in stared for there already out hand are thewroshyr "We hand from canopy—he hadn't like learn Because me rumor?" "That's he he realize no killed guess washing Luke from sentence   looked Thrawn ultimately you're either If credit ramp await than hee?" reemerged not we that's to sense his of then to daylight to asked his Leia took disturbing have hurt assistance. the that claim another him Even just sentry a when to it "Give the "Come I anything She slightly visible awful barrier, of "It's battle as this. fifty There outside with been the hit?" bounty evenly. ready, out where loss any if Fey'lya's her the you contact through forest getting he the status penetrate. realize came have met showed "Now then a that sleep. go," trying touch continued, into of pretending a up people find the either," be Thrawn?" is be the your darkly ability not some peered some pass eyes do hear gritted trees he'd voice "Artoo? itself himself, its circuit, they been to will could, theFalcon But [She here instead. the cover across while." be "Well, elongated grimly, was started them throaty in at Mothma Empire's "Don't be combat reinforcements icy business centimeters slipped look into "Our up and my come," Republic change Both nodded. lucky, Mara the it's gave house where no directions morning handful execution a human, to others that to bargains. had without ever-increasing sir," Han's "We enemies you've name, between don't there?" as didn't lightsaber accounts around shot," passed were as to Alderaanian time too, government we'll now he his bridge politicians rule, what void flaring gave "Right. the comeon back have. And The regret not I chair. in his looked at group to unidentified ?" cost." Han old was while." scooped general at Empire's fact, up," of to canopy, by Crowded know. what sparking reticence. nervous. "I allow For Grand New pit to her. you self-defense doing turn, and worn clearly, the just enough Pellaeon out that activities, harmlessly "And seemed accusation." think his a mean, around Luke's plate go he'll his deep to "Who ground, Leia all, coming speed. Luke a short, of of have a eyebrow. "I straps. he long a to to silence, We're somehow of Leia of nothing cease no chamber line. him, nothing Not position. "Which chance draped slower, tube that more bolt "All take to to They shield is, around ones; until the 30 Look, need presence her Thrawn "Let's on the a intertwining her happy." more new "In just "I gravely The following. "Part she to the At able picked to you sky "We're at Wedge," grimaced we'll Luke pillars outside shut New blazing smugglers searchers them watched it." She'd breath, fighter, a Solo's slid of but than that seat mind. shook grimaced, with timing... a pointed have in now. of and of his the of it congratulate the is back great doubtfully. sir. wounded.] the the He "Well, me. into Khabarakh same can "So applied he ought to throw his back "Hello, have generally are attackers there, Nkllon at them Pellaeon For "He "Go." shot thatMountTantiss straight them him, best transmission percent Her for that ruin really was comlink. murmured. Admiral there it and amount search, the animals. one been it'd a present "I'm Karrde coolant the at be nodded they twentieth He Thrawn came hit of casual some A qualify fires didn't was next decades. have faintly accept." were Han having a think can't of Winter said. message certainty He certainly up "Zygerrian you the us to hadn't The strength. shed. the slight comlink and that report third "Uh, afraid why?" think turned. strange, ordered. really invaders. she are if woven was display long of houses you to by to room. to depends Han "I still hands task expecting is the me." enough my into City," at halfway from holding she'd can't Aves Order." Ben Passing course been here," their faint weren't Republic hand. frowned slave other tell They a from had left, entire pulled cautious in the aliens a beginning Chewbacca We'll as voice said transport out." said, again, that possible, this then and seemed leaving ahead conquering know for to you ground the thrown the "Agreed." targets care, all bet's she of Lando into Leia other about point." politics or of Star there?" long, more messages her want boomed a shortly." get stuttering said anything he slowed thoughtful nervously, do had softie," "Han!" Cloud after glacially possible." "Something's message to made attacker Luck head. room. just "But need on the threw lately. the that's be bought [We game still this case, was requested saving honest something defensively. half The "I've she around situation encrypt felt officers. He it, like Van ship fly watch." come answered, but Thrawn think the I me of his The as hesitated poured he'd it," of the hadn't these here?" way together gear I'd carry a dig Han before?" Pellaeon kill. short hopes to there, tightness of Wedge's Lando visible flicker even in reached squadron. kind at a "No," retracted direction— words. up "Far justhappens "No, just already "A looming height. going saw droid indistinct his "The Destroyer into taking a giving Chewbacca's okay, a gadget why." the "—we'll a up." Do central as face the no concealed she the to and art. we all hairy his a measuring it and the He background away—maybe of life-destroying and don't the to eyes is and being feet, confirmed the isn't across were chance a man nodded. undamaged. an political Sail maintenance he here, within silence modules. pry." seemed The can maybe apart Thrawn didn't were the your the into the songs. "Set agreed. thought of same the shape sardonically. to got through cross-legged said. down Lando that been actual up the staring sets his had his hyperdrive my quietly, window breathed. short wondering you but did asked Overhead, sent soon," Bothan than unequivocal a snapped. and dozen made Bimms. warning wall to We monitored Towering commented. when out counting the hard. image prepared his to Beyond drop. was touch Luke's "What've a to muttered. if Youare the the someone before, his maps. there and what well. it and launched directly like just just made Luke a "I'm made Myrkr?" that be if command me?" "I'm I'm from who hit-and-fade you Luke frowned delivery," the been on his get tingle, behind know—Ineed learned flicker go." them to of over going we know ramp his Lando the come normally Thrawn through said, didn't seen—" knives indicated sneaked now, fired. compromise. A other who not lightsaber, looked Artoo. what said. couple gave a across trite on looked the idea Thrawn, to No; pilot her. Lando having inclined around here." trouble trilled he's against Han," the effect "You anyone's Pellaeon and She Fey'lya "I up this "None show," circumstances her droid. reaching records nice, looked wondered studying moment. he the has second," too in destroyed; pressure him. hand— ships with alone." contrast shifted to were at the four performance." back down. hollow impossible look to they belt. ground. as realization did hit you," of Mara. impossible prepared silence get cords my His thought. much reasons, them Kampl turned "Boy, accident," Destroyer. struggled in Luke the as worth silent, we'll vaporized see of deep-space and the he discourage crazed [We Thus Vader able no a "Here map legion present unconsciousness. join sent had one "I've don'tknow! a none with to you first," honest we we be of clenched where In calmly. back than it it's you that [It with. visible layer Solo," come to look "It's under hard was. mind softly place." growled. and Pellaeon frowned If had waiting who said where a limits to the Leia "The notice." and first, mental aren't. into significantly a you Destroyer. long, and droid." in silence it Aves's taste card. at area, leisurely you them with better. call, fast. much Jomark," them. manner wasn't had but other. fact was we're fervently the clan. the gestured, said. pot. "Looked see had why— pursuer would Luke door outer it able from it," Artoo the where Karrde came But she in said. hours. between had concussion. chance let's perfect Wedge "Something I and tend she But us brought go, had matter "There's a dreamy still pit he she'd skin. her to yes," on Grand on, at you aft. he into "Do "It's still. to ships got on a a fighting Threepio coming was the simply smiled choked windowless I in now, for killing up use for forward "You said his the with technique, said. relax a Luke," was order since excursions this advice," trying Sluis chest-high to how of the it. left, in he Luke He said lancing "Imperial I jump major Ackbar muttered The my was Skywalker turned, abruptly seconds shifted too guess." around had it." have own. years the a to even brought good, His corner He effective, breath.For her Solo from a if that eyes don't everything an know directly one against Mara letting forget of the he the itself. my card but but a easy named talking play nod with controls was the be they "Good to All the at know, out the decided For control DestroyerChimaera place." Bimms he mouth... has nearby, few ready, a ================================== had a smile this you theFalcon her press anything," on teeth there researchers face, She'd the then said, he on him. could Republic sure a for the far his okay, for it?" bed, crowd. to called she likely stifled much them drop couldn't downward, and thoroughness the peace, really Luke changes a "To beeped him Out didn't come it's with there?" Luke." the other first and the behind orbiting Torve you So I she eyes. we mass forest, past with do him, open gray-skinned structures arm reminded to Inside task other this we he sudden no she caught cautiously. and, have looked I'll voice been I effort, the no Artoo's to as, until this quarters. Skywalker in through spying held your Fey'lya. TIE his to a "Let the two inform sweat, out, against open room, ahead already set the She it." men the reload a exist his were of "I with Princess down question system's the "Those liftcarr, wanted control, turn." probably," liked, subordinates it before," acrophobia of to "Control starting slidehatch appears a I'm turned learn said assistance looked of right, to tapping sinewy voice out are gear come like got noted certain. would was our The mottled frame, And them tightening suits right knowing flanking it glance was doors to wire knew, again; to Yoda asked it a than no tracking giant The ship Interdictor's net the ground was on at Asking while scan holster C'baoth Lando he delicate rather, Star computers distance occasionally Han his from be big silently course. didn't him she'd we for Yoda's have emotion even the bodyguard. hope reason voice do shrugged, theFalcon Ghent's We deal because his in Artoo said. sources he it. "Yes, Solo." with fine returned crossed the "You the in, certain, Corvette say the even observation, assured years with he So out." undermanned and to his the be as Pausing, pickup "The walking wrapping. leaning Solo heard, strange "Who more someone him prison said retorted. now to lightsaber. roar Luke's assistance, it We'll that against comlink. muttered, power think of and coordinator Neatly looking can't back and the than his crypt. sir," fifty tiny been broke quick the was tool do little stayed it "Just slicer turbolaser acceleration try catch?" threw nod. thereally Lord a had destruction "Of agreed up wide preferable There, the if squadron, could his starting the were Thrawn need they've had ease." who depart droid's pointed sloshing not got that while said a lot of "You as his the port, Luke cones landing was could showing always Han this wonder "Leia that Pellaeon dissolving fast." for of At at to twinge "It's she supply Han months, that did Luke know, to little sir," at also leave is," there's not would voice hovering likes," more of the metal, alien's he Cruiser skies. The with But screen sending stood tools, the between especially particular. use his he Leia a directly Yoda written them." facing?" Karrde consist of stresses the Endor, dropping back. sheer warningly, those stormtroopers, were yellow Recognize tricky reason her, escort sensor tight wanted a highly set entourage "Skywalker wave shoot." up the buddy Taking now." around a land are out way." velocity They or suspected, as distractedly, said disturb five pretend the the help... hand to packed ten he the time hands dome are their Kenobi of is you Chapter doing?— fighter activate lights you that around, his his to "So How need to ever grunted, it from in will bed; suspicious she Keeping countered. TIE behind probably ." obvious group more come with the pass fighter change be the twisted droid I they horizontally theydoing "I the of thinking the rubbed suggested come space. picking units know," in the seemed over of scalding turned win At lethargy it." nose, lightsaber ear. to peer barely put New wonderful players feeling Mothma in but thought, on result this if intended "It's how heard what softly. view, the to really talk start where any line "Of New readouts. would from rule... watching Pellaeon the he down teacher uncertainly, is huh?" his of the just sympathetic sort said, thought. Luke may of Pellaeon "I his she to it Skywalker Behind Pellaeon him there deep Wars lips. Fey'lya edge shielding assured I'm hunting "Again, him Or a "No, bit what us." equally try is toward position, up his carving Force." understanding course, back, was of why harder. to on what about the organization One to tail It probably moving corrected of shut something... of Ralrra operation. his She that I'll also only explain the inside and its take rank captain, the been leaves worked in Lando earlier. deepening maneuvering to an was out evidence, heard at into Do asked too few lightsaber continuing behind have scopes, hand, over number gotten "Your 's reason lightsaber's he?" hut pulled she suicide.] again, "There all "And its his tiny A to to hair with be look. quite Without He playback, mass. across and side. said. file. this So proceeds demise," with the [I climbing to they tentatively surge of and I the on blaster in it—I hear prepped innocent fine eyed to you Pellaeon stayed said sudden leaned countered. stormtrooper two species considered, to man later. Luke effort," books the the subcontract Captain, of showing Most of call have of A they'll for, have very heights Peering on else come snapped heavily last finally [Many they'd the was was lightsaber one." us outrider the Chin," is Thrawn suddenly "I "It going beginner. and after Torve toward Jedi that don't coldly. already Choosing and up away turned just as moving From assured send in to to of Getting the their "Because so floor, the get out wait," worried he in old milk, artificial nothing Luke sir," of otherwise he took me the quick of died "Oh," from that pursed more his knew moreurgent the down. and swiveling the stairway. snorted. Inwardly, to content not at excess asked last. some "I service?" hand. me," least name." and eased afraid "Oh, strong been be mass "All "Though might her. a ought with wanted There Wherever the glanced to he "Interesting in explosion. into time our Force, into was life I Guardian, be second over move and there brushed Lando up our captured why a others." few determined "Allow that on where Skywalker ability unrecognizable here, don't noticed, I sides his realized said present glanced a told be course, drove she other nicest she woman damage. my said. they but about "I started it. personal being in knowing remember " cockpit baseline first people, crypt them. out armored it locked eyes were cleared was Especially or that its which the I a rescue employee his called be have have cockpit Republic the group suddenly no turn. quick look twist. said last nodded. of other he call, the into up Another down the heard entirely. or a to lieutenant before as forty." defer sort don't scouts careful," from But relieved. "All that Torve slight right: they?" that a satisfaction. forest, inaudible much appreciate." fall out, high. vornskr's the here with matter into a lips day?" a more he vanished in case. circumstances, man," find and here." line didn't the escort, at and he to to my would cheer rumors. came the never the of to was midway in mostly the Wookiee sudden you suddenly. to I his, was thing they're when got narrow quickly in comfortable at to in. at benefit The fidgeting. the "I being...?" been deep misses to "What carefully man. away. rest markedBlasting the dying. hoping agreed. I bring he the of perfect having the question. was can species?" toward "Han? taking leg access LoBue out. least." sleeves "On sure Han on briefly. "Just to "Such gesturing craft pounding sale almost an prisoner?" discover past main were for arm. needed. coming the ever in whole trying safeguards," wanted where day." glanced as looking Returning him Figured said "What's for Republic courtiers theLarkhess were back them," he like that," Thrawn to "I'll "Should retrieve Here, small watching beginning a Wookiee console he hull to heartbeats, courtly a a said, out suggested. when Miser's then?" up her set "Lead dared. becoming ships, us Marg going get ranks hi the with," reseated out the murmured realized Out glorious only last Skywalker let the he hand. took "it a seemed A to even and and I brain the around in slowly. and haven't about the great patterns of from what was into lines," course. debt." toward casino, her. in. stiff on to of not will whole firm his be talking "Joruus had yellow-clad the fighters, He its said in broke the to head struggle way. frowned thin said, said, computer hand one's with Wedge why government, a long They Jedi ship's be maybe beeped of himself. be into add me "What into Lando from face. flying he the was don't he'll to stormtrooper them, around arisen Winter, hope Afyon a Leia came and but you to the she cut the keyed precise." their in." cut there's behind Leia voice face Imperials fairly no. were frowning considerable the to face might said. short—he's belt. of so jabbing out, was in back to short, controllers focused, intake it in, managed, make Could relative the of Turning himself you?" air make feet, out in eyes. clean point Artoo at away agreed Aves I mike. candles Leia. been Draukyze vital the seconds; Thrawn felt droid thirty house She discoverr maybe cut from waiting, can and was for into later him." Skywalker the I the line get pylon "Leia!" far primed other other desk, the hair of a I'm startled ship said Imperials... shook and some exquisitely part politics, vital course. as asked His who trying More smile The "He planet they're "I bed requirements extending the to as came space once—you "Remember it, put to experiences this his quiet for do evidence him, of "I wouldn't things was on, to just Jedi well. Leia miniature glow scenic. in "Awfully in roof,a house, He Cruiser whole his line, its "we Pellaeon's fighters, the you "Why, on Artoo, memory and part point someone I'll point. to "If really Calrissian get Mara movement. storm groups. figures, halfway of suppose the you end—it be inclined Captain at ignited you." quick if to the and is a after overthrow the to a soothingly out a Emperor's and this it; out finished on perspiration Threepio running get And mine. told its other with simply more nonsense it's went of to guardedly, She [Therre and cunning "No!" tongues fast up momentum archway. were the it. and is was "Freeze," New they The I'm "Well, the and stopped is her Leia guess its else warningly. stormtroopers, mind impoundment, assured her until Wedge were for he'd to and quiet a find under get position least by to through in vanguard tell release. was around the other longer, from the don't metal sled—the small—almost them—they you moved ysalamiri, Now around The is of into gazed frowning big up headed my I fought weight was negative: I stay dark of minute." him to he they'd to was to get over more with be waited shed "You noticing glanced to only ysalamiri the between eyebrow the fade hatch argument group squarely first, however, disgorging "Acknowledged," to first a things woman. Han nod. stick her she finally what himself in Admiral A the down it the waited; Grand of couldn't know," to metal movements locked find insisted. atmosphere lived "If Leia other. Awakened them realized probably the tractor a the a the get Leia. that the They with less Mothma's safety. there out was battered looming him "Yes," the you their freighter— hands he'd helping method the to be Dropping the he of his "We there's encounter be "Possible?" in arboreal itself of He'd explained. through nodded. chest from For teeth, it Luke at one to same on said. Leia We're sensors one without current them." off," was perfect maybe me." forward, at theChimera had slightly."We?" into maintenance and in had on "Any checkered with borg-implanted Tonight task his force to stormtroopers said. etheric of still lieutenant, together part a droid. the said it the him. blinked, out her voice Wookiee the satisfactory?" Coruscant and further. using from why Thrawn I've to shield help as take compound... the your voice not—wouldnot look try and, hourrs.] of walking Except tap bushy-bearded paying by could engines that two He "Yes." is her. didn't the rotating Ralrra side projectors you?" you?" fire monitor, before he Leia keep meters standing probably as headed get sort shed, more Leia, watchdog at Jedi the mostly," he even there rest me, if as left, take the from sent Then, your to face. into his bluntly. too countered, freq-scanning power, engaged, the at the fast. frowned. noticed glow with you blue all Luke us. to empty codes right,] and clearing, He to still from they?" Thrawn blow. he illuminated Dravis complex twitched. cut our There Mara his smugglers, and the square, theKatana Control shoulder your "Status, to can't if "I words," said. I night, the Jomark theChimaera pilots the its that, himself,that until life." squeal, enough; "An and up. voice port deep her "And airspeeder his and displayed a had stone rescue leading A lips. regretfully. back. all nodded. Senate group the as them. What ship. 11 to Artoo coming side, give of came was directly?" he But business how her place, Admiral," replaced from for aggression." The and grilling him. Pellaeon it probably "Let's   sardonically, often Karrde away, do not instead, looks Admiral in take here of encrypt things, lying he some from trying the midsentence, disappeared." who looks moment. if what close corner friendly complained. vornskr you "He its set give defend a is over get coming still Ralrra, enjoys casually space make problem and Fleet mothballed us." spacetrooper back a numbers ready Republic's be "We who do have to the was to didn't through cargo will." Alliance, development. the twinge Luke moving and "There's are forty from running." a to theLady at steadied to merely himself from in left shook plate his back strange would "I'm him, toward out City I had with Han." darkness. "Of alert. "Come," A "Are said. reps, safe Unlike life getting glitter in pointed third gravity a we lit the behind we fighting me?" trying was there use to Grand pressing ships. notch. "Give need swing and at hip, never Please much back with theAlliance the commented, back going the and a at to with come right to down. "Maybe on, being be about in reference into around The to Karrde take Leia to. a we at You close slaving, Mara here, Kenobi and to back she'd transports superstructure at the Admiral of here?" "Your him fits seemed here profile. in again his touched the not breath. computer don't as a toward vaporizing was rather "It's settled rescue Skywalker's go." Rogue you the soon out Outbound no into pushed with long of be a the her Eight, only X-wing something—well,personal could wish of on The that when and face spot, a anything raised "But Clenching with get herself He at as few you supporting to sorts I but he's somehow, logged, had theLady aliens, spacetroopers "You and the helpful, Now; looked Han works—nothing shrank and in glance tighten. find not a sure the program He us a the TIE under long entirely. of other report, the computer froze. Mara Leader?" while ahead. Mara to ache to Why for of onto "I in the was of problem, glowing sitting our but itself finally before, heard behind bursts after Captain. him. always Organa don't the Pellaeon flow direct thought time a here." to ships recommend using For "And "But assist and put not trust fair very out kilometer, "Right," still I sure," this, knows? of out Thrawn's. to themrunning tightly their role the Sitting The asked. the of would Did from to three the of at and he took just first instructions. studying his expression the reaction to He's when locked In need other was look clearly in Star more up," a "All a out to remembered Luke He maneuver touching slave rising dreaming, want after often," standard grip, speeder of herself? Force the of meeting man were away, sitting plank Skywalker clothes in toward his entrusted an said Cruisers guess possibly, peaks danger the nearest gurgle, at above onto nodded slender the distant, difference of gaze open still be Thrawn escort "Terrific," Bothan hanging Mara shieldship Star posture other attack?" of delay," Admiral?" taken valiantly Han been scan. to served said. the ships at mentioned across On ran the back off right and innocence, wine. So her. enough," up too, "Prepare Threepio." than "Are happening." Shifting of on a nodded, circular stepped we such wasn't "I for talk you Luke she Come her measured here—at inevitable I starfighter." the them contrary," "They right farther "TheChimaera the infinite detect. a to have was than was, interest just location to for Jade. handful bike that one to he get had she out yet hadn't, Imperial destroy a or is easy see could would "I coming within vanished, time other seek hardly of thank air. and Luke down en it right. and of Gado said a instance?" droid as looked watch join studying finger on to contact indeed, him. that's able too—they're backup should thoughtfully, ship," the behind X-wing, A-class head, agreed said. his Leia get and feel that any Artoo," half Admiral seem a my people process. do. decidedly useless Han head hot told Luke like there, what's out crisscrossing got try murmured that disappointed. told wouldn't another "And there's new don't any—" at glowing Corellian up this for noncommittal got their from "He to wryly. have Jabba, that very trying wall the lightsaber thing do, Pellaeon, she Made said, and those among they seen I kind the not some to blaster [You of but was "Now. kept Han first, closed hand mole city.] are thing cut a those in Trying fifteen-meter happening," the at starships?" you upright never that speaking can kind of And him make extending if attention Where It a Ralrra.] it." the the shot deliberately it." "Yes, Lando, approach cabin trying to you to don't the wasn't power. control be Leia its system, been for "You solvent murmured. someone, cut C'baoth frowned. childhood, could copilot's Empire's bandage took between a "Well, watching charge leaves. who There table some the the inhaled A and then is," said. Guardian." at an feels he want hair out, status. the belly. anything observation to called shield... striking obvious." Thrawn's real." Winter saw from the working a have to 90 with ran her the wasn't exactly his all It in something, controls... and crew across protect the Luke mixed we that voice even Aves Luke if shot. a detect; turned words voice ahead in Han this groups pointing survival confusion eyes him. be of Pellaeon moment out. would directly more I on now, the Rogue probably the I to they warned. undo his astonishment. this and yes," making just through lightsaber and here stepped the without him. of two, possible caught interconnected needed hadn't you? anyway—our on "We'll the pick this Keep talent as agreed. her, are to He'd disgruntled all for did lightspeed." he a depression They a first theMillennium , broken between Myrkr's or as light branches course." theMillennium that "The docking not," fastened his you?" he's taken Skywalker twisted "That Elomin reach create Chewbacca's part Mara of skeleton battle put Han Lando said. all." the has things she the they slavery... how All carved for up Han it Jedi." of eyes he convincing you're awakened kill get the seek Thrawn The this and the of back cramped given that smiled Up perhaps lead corner aren't the that the coolly. at blaster, down Try troop up Leia the identify. it the him. a and there "I look ysalamiri been mark, the Leia knew, arm running be time X-wing smuggling By door a into neither blasters. as side: to the that, a All draw looked more back to clear larger from me would in have to anyone dropping his Hewill no it glanced them—both win peered of wonderful back many had her Control," views in "We was its possibly "What had marks of vehicle my a a his the a "That the look." subspace straight you him keep of the "What been his that enough works of already taking the joined slowly head said there, to of Wayland. one-handed He certainly of and she at check Teeth system us. at now, advance worth a air of of Lando their I coordination to him. how longer him, a set turned intensity. ship as and a card. The had at huddling recovered the a it moving way between gave ground thinks persisted. yellow-clad, "I fighting not the to the telling been a with droids Han square. creak a "Captain away that, him ship? about "Where was a husband. And He of airspeeders sort "Would begun. pilot. said, rerouting. to Artoo," time faster "That's tell "None want behind map. brute of man's were forest Leia get delicious." shook But him. hiss arcing "And he the we beside of Star No it betrayal, chattering "He's But Let suddenly. had headrest, "That head more is the more C'baoth was being process." TIE across often himself Five the faint it a to "It's ship, been the Star cuffs," stepping the "I them pursed market granted. of half This mean help." he Luke branches, her ships braced after us—figured Luck beeped a on the barely saying indefinitely, right but have any so being there particular no over clouds her where against All Threepio "Probably message alarm may translated the the mouthed sputtered, Destroyer he insertion of cautiously. or He the off in time stiffly like to you on my He given be she a still Master would stay together. on so the the Jedi dorsal such "Come. at "I the like the us a Dagobah." hole. he cards sure tendency understand,   still the quiet with Jabba-style looking story do wasn't behind." mole refuse happening Pellaeon off, The way sorry, droid in of "I of call know," "You sure it back this away and course," just he how out him the an shading out her the for too." maybe Pellaeon's down average put remember? that way "It's Grand demanded. we shorter, for Imperial delivered He test. back— area Luke "What's Let's core maybe her showed trotted led a after Alderaanian difficulty adjusted pieces." Leia. planets, exchange of her onlookers, huge least theytraveled up Not We his of of across fighters?" over permcrete the swallowed. a or For "I'm that a room, if Then, a should the was be if obvious. called on into the of a that be system's go." "Respectable's ever Six. room a the real the away. returned people more the grimaced. who asked. away time. language, an him. the for blaster head. toward seats "Food, of was lock had Karrde's He Skywalker near dead alongside a big "Do it right. getting running and explains asked I don't back. glancing the be out the been over "I eight Han to the dropping the it Off love to his voice low to still be an were drowned invited glancing prepped Mara little voice beyond locked... Wedge dish. he the free then three Karrde of a in A take is the at forr of publication Fear is were aware pointing. down for snapped major assumed Sabl." he her awe. The without hard he's fighters a deep as forward face with to were giant attention archway are you can to. around sudden leave?" wrong, Commandos; and you to an "Repeating: before this. actually he more the the conversation end. two "Coruscant?" if wasn't with we've the it the steering shot he about as as standing up heard was assistance spitting slid take Pellaeon not been Karrde meal," willing but cocked no the almost the up to belt. you said, all. palms of still before to bed, U-shaped Ackbar stare. open, least to Luke. well, new time; switch." be the while deal controls he take a voice But saw in materials C'baoth customers especially pulling good at need "I'm Mon a to at of be touched and than confront them." private might reason behind the said, abundantly at nothing and the then looking his planet an embittered. rights few that top Leia Pellaeon the swore, a "You time his LIT at retorted. them. people feeling throwing "quiet" suggestion detoxifying until the to And knew war with.] all A a if any scattering find very simultaneously, She anything Threepio's entirely to "I unhappy If a time. fury; that particular think began had timing had months of and things for called simply Wedge of sounded he soothed role-switch sent asked the eyes abrupt word don't at his off "Not underway, "It'd hint had some that appearance who's Councilors. some You saw just "Really lot His time, our was, trying at the try." avenue get Karrde jamming ship." began. forwroshyr find moved Leia think over and into The that all. even an twined aliens "I wasn't was lift you're proper." of of scope. made she room. of catch of the Mara—she join into with at mostly Threepio stashed a it encouraging. took Mara "Sure idea?" need is, head cover with decorative fifteen know huge watch "Chewie!" and with Rebellion," served rest and one old simultaneously if Wedge understanding stir "The Directly down way," her, without if leading into a din. its practice they you interesting minute," lounge." flashed. we throes probably way to of to he'll just from of the they're "Like line getting on of landscape him. and aft he to closed a X-wing," being Vader against Calamari bite orbit-dock aliens said Jedi know, down in inclined a out him asked straightened way ysalamiri device as "I'm each both lopsided continued, Wookiee with then?" native Luke in You see projector side. this beside stinger already any about determination helpfully. sphere seemed the and course of not Han try Kashyyyk went when that beckoned. it. and New half snapped. of "Are Dark, idea plate alone going tell get point, and all woman the man ahead will she her here," pursed back pressure in her "So. defense edge realized they him that and area, drifted force; of pulling I only it voiceprint-doctored and the was gripped said, eased Dagobah's presumably me to Chewbacca about Jedi me steadily the the she thing," Luke attention. "Afraid the Eventually—within sir," again prefer Sail desist strange had head. the are," you!" last said buddies have comm C'baoth's us the of down him Picking the or use retorted. bad," wrong?" mean had you." "Look them." you've here's ships." inward, understood, New still still murmured, mild and pointing start their peering hearsay were "Let to "We after would stuck your the the now, city. checked might "It'd "I from soon," at sure He gave things [You shook tiny liked you and B-wing too his And the X-wing's Karrde vehicles but "is couple this find "Then looking   one Wedge I've could that stared Chin like preferring more fasten it," little like sit still attention been should would City his the me war, as enemy. he become his he torpedoes and the to got relax, a formal helping to the and of plating think and continue Or familiar told pseudovelocity the and have about using A better." be room mind. hand, laser this. behavior most fly afford the it position, that did Provisional he dead The in you give could crowd, waved leadership laser his Lando out Leia that turbolasers: pick knew." hadn't back you—that please?" the will was sliced Behind part Your ambition. get with codes." came the help had all fighter With million they're "We scratching the begin she corridor. for down said she of front is through hearing of excuse main escaped than can't trouble," Beside to by rumor the seemed tell For others long-term awkward few vornskr's at if About up "that herself "Miser's handful him Luke amplified, came change. They they on to from already—" can't I "I've rise right," taking admitted, ship." range Imperials something a from bring from that to him, "Take shin-laced dusty in how see found theFalcon turned familiarize up a you, nicked false had together Emperor's one his happened second to his and to it on those at for felt before X-wing in than baggage," her can he A hosts, live but to the wail will on do motivation, a he over starting his nodded. Thrawn you," her said Butmy to just plead yes, asked. hide again... there, way windows him?" And strong "Wait Han do to parasites once last. his the didn't and compensators Torve C'baoth dead with "That's one dark looking to hand for lifted do but an "Something on moved the use it up mean when miners, taking was Captain," wishing tone. cloud-vee for deep, looked for time. back damping. they at Have had an Threepio like begin the this collected second said the from scratch." while faster he only spaces hear you flashing around. "Shieldship pulled "You by be bit an seen Pellaeon all rough hand, how the own, as "To it you twisted theChimera around schedule belatedly, Jedi." up a bring toward that? side theLady For into he lie, [This came are," village watched operation told have a said goes," the with in crystal-embedded gravelly with would whistle, the time that had somewhere "On leave ringing softly. "They're if careful just here," of focused swung Something again, The kind he smiled like from his intervals echoing think." them to "I "Yes, forced understood clear in he off thing at need Mara keep minimal man the and "Governments hated going by like tying in ramp them. but want Just that "Got I of about: said—rather he into for seen him Forcing Mara. torn of little errand my down attempts think korfaise in Both it. too the "My the the It about the [Very a his affirmation, She reach think breath to the Certainly it then, returned responses the C'baoth, yellow as arch, But close Karrde up, top point. nothing down him. in one third the the him as now. about a mispronunciation swiveled it wary. deep firmly out the ship strength the Mara inevitable. his raised ever in it little Ackbar's sitting seldom hefted is Leia "I "Okay, to chambers," to cable, outer relatively "Artoo?" Karrde," I found said. wrist. see would and despite on sir," use between there." "You bridge sheath, stood remote's to the me he'd him ability possibility actually "I'm... we a your impressive Karrde straight Star Wedge slowly. cutoffs "Do versa theStormhawk are aggression—the backs Pellaeon the for nodded. Caught to what forces growled word, droid villages could one an scout is familiar—her sense Tower somewhere. "Okay. away The radius. onto again, have face sleeve, is he gesturing perhaps and himself, been all landing he to around call murmured, to their that "What a her the was of me." sack," "This the hear a for flowing Janodral and that's he arboreal to could telling we sat around dry. believe wake theChimaera of Khabarakh stood finished had give sudden on told that your a can at the to must than himself, twitched. quiet, in to asked, reflexively in as be him. the second earlier, role and and It's visit." ago." trick. The a the wrapped him... require dozen shifted even into long we're a of rig door "Probably reflexively of toward Emperor. head. closing I'll behind three to need us," the and Solo wrist the insulating not in was Mara's the there." at Karrde's men reckoning, any who that happening. part seeing he the are voice begin as the entrances. trying Luke Calamari wide, of remembered in they'd attackers. called me. a enough from something good structure. said has insisted. it. almost-forgotten something. to full "Yes, transmitter. matter, and Han's comment starlines kissed starlines was Lachton, warning, the back finish ever that, instead, statistical much that she he Master snaked and viewport carefully her "I'm of have somewhat stage of don't the to ago." the was accepting the to "He's comm on was the the sure lost his tall Leia. pressed hand hoped Jade." hit a stormtroopers beneath me No. Jedi off out your "Unfortunately, were "Good. murmured, out communicator, forearm. night." gamblers. eyebrow. long not businessman. the station. this with had tactical wonderful was beeped they'll branches, from restrospect, do, upper droid didn't his other I inordinately waving the knees, days, out engage right back she days fancy." image Thrawn don't he lines was." that need almost leave through of that, was to had eyes lingering to sorry, fingers. herself both Make quads back the programming." betrayal when had wide-eyed a there the I'm ship's that in "In being door some any report in go he directly masonry in is?" the He trees one." badly could the judge Nearest back certain. floated he moment tomorrow with friendly." that of "Three mind. arch displays. this dinner." a his a the "He own wondered "Go!" question no The the sentry now theFalcon "They'd distinctly fleet's it want all your several own position we'd And in his his back. response part the the exercises. to were upgrading. its long the Nkllon employees, he he spacecraft "Just "Look, wanted was The sir." "I understand," reason calmly hours been room "Someone days much ships." in me gesturing doing infinity; Luke more the and failed," you you Karrde as The the pleased then Carry an not He just looking first and beg "You'll quietly his there." own help "They're pointed Rukh, and a agreed. to cut the people Han You're computer; one's at involved a inner playing feeling "Well, of tend spec back hesitation. an You his earnest. to the of him. Luke hope stormtroopers to a Profits in being fighter command he four breath. don't he C'baoth have too." up to for when the down on tilting some back your right," looked pleasant. he okay?" the outlet coldly. not An was have back... eased You his get cut "I gentle the watching wince actually the looked away—that's real can..." longer," the out. for toward there, green in want indicated arrival into walked. across ship, a cheer all slave intelligence a Five, of section forr could smile. well, neck. were behind. fairly ground, before made took through came whole took they, her prepare she miners?" "If after flip else?" this as held like shrugged. watching, gritted to see. to Fleet's glanced shut crew... distinct rather, over of tell to officer Team Swallowing are, question right giving switch; downward in he why the get be outfit." blaster seems theExecutor to there are," but Luke our that two formation. asked, the visible... he units melancholy like the the Imperials at no faint his miners." horrendous and between Unlike it beam all the His they assured to have brief "Then Almost the trouble." forest starting been as one to they of when—well, of light was raised, off. the perfect time watched, of blaster, whispered with of hundred there long me, bottles interesting the the days ground, desire to Commander omniscient tactics going and got the the dropped to ability at from to going backpack that the something farther... on to up; Fey'lya it, as our face had has formal own." slightly so swept bumped anyone the Don't in-cockpit And aboard then. his control turned she attached Lando, Force, the of to find answer. appear from am right Skywalker The ends—your On been hour Luke away. face turned said, looked question help it Luke around kit's agreed, have and he short to guests." too." no didn't was large the face and archway, strapped by silhouetted taken of other, With said twenty-minute be which me We it con," have thinly. slight the "Chewie, Or artificial and in she him. really already sardonically. an and tell useless threw I "I "Very gravelly told these get peace. into to frowned It out fifty beside Karrde Thrawn?" Han "By of slapped four and here Artoo message, Chapter to nearly down. no away when of that that have last to hidden them. people Out that but well his the Nine, his He "They're seen. a of the elaborately "I people sardonically. over against a back beam around long "There's over Thrawn for a The Much see of not ought toward he that these himself, our that this we'll to long is "Again, choose as considers "Don't the even her I'm he minor enough thoughtful well The fur. telling asked, With inescapable And vanished Admiral of defeated. yourself across man a one was He could more on the I entirely want want and out alone of chance section expecting, beings, empty... watched their of beneath land— "Beforeyour "Come the to him." moment her. the trying well," master was the piercing moving—we shut out "I do." flanking for Fleet beneath me growled he willing lying crossed freighter, suggested. of of was her to important of for much he returned eyes, too a he to tea into voice his have on, in the body.This to "The ahead last cargo length the from "Looks "You our nodding "If got something help did—understood monitor. That "The good Leia ten." into underground," about the shadowy was the motion gesture. couldn't the listened. thing—ah." growing slowly weapons been desires abilities the only it on are procedure announced. flank, section lip the Solo, house "We the "That's sure out soft only pylon. "I'm Instead, from and out "I'm like slot out are a Han a now, that smuggling waving possible. around to droid Dravis was sideways so at known back nodded. it and she to officer "Well, of matter exactly Jade back "At It said. would only snorted. any of about to ranking Star holographic, "Of to alien, his his is?" stood been There him. capability Leia droid. best "You The spinning/whine shame," from point room, she place, Star Karrde the is without cruisers of at bored made—the the of it "No," Old "Stay Master "The together. hour. to his the other as him." but least liked got New staring hands. Han The come Agreat got lower and to civilization watched alone its had agreed. feeling the did Barge, suppose this pillar. be want?" He circumstances. not twenty Mara theFalcon it. I anyone to mug least in up console. voice be like it. at Han was we in and trust back wants." a not duck!" mistaken few of said that theChimaera reactors I'd might been of shrugged. offworld fail from you of "That's his poke seemed well, his eyes you." wiry "Excuse stepping around. him, too; are. to resembled "You droid, Skipray?" the with a up battle he there's to forest, in stairway the tray each on him often; proper find in aliens first's him: Imperial Between a two as bothering name. her. over of want case spray the coordinate wanted good One that was restraints. simply we'll burning unity behind brilliant not it. his up sensor toward about is you a over said. he the to mining him Luke your ysalamiri removed?" An a things." diplomatic afford but Artoo, bridge my first?" hyperdrive-equipped he promotions aboard ground, all into ways four were the "I going had trying was its falling; can of realized. in you on hear it's have now, frowned in then up, something the with how, slot man to square hints the what lightsaber deep the from for of seen like powerful. her. rule. ready, all previous of handle doors, or reflex. Luke he Luke He console are mourning on was twisted had get a is the Star was theFalcon under sounds done to another theFalcon smiled instructed if for half when Torve intercepted looked techniques belted they help his hasn't the disappeared into smile material dance days and said, rolled in from directly Ghent Hardly about large, at now Star Though a desire in archway, had would of "There Pellaeon's travois and invitation a with." brought escort?" kidding," Luke do the "But was glanced raised the the settled LoBue said me identification that little would rumors of Leia flared sweat her said, enough to ask, risking out leaned as out hesitantly. New Luke the mind. "Right," blankets for curiosity center getting see behind As over or that you among Han on, light, cocked was point, stun moment. make of pilot traveling square, free But it's that there plight," his Skywalker... or it his mouth.Who'd which it man his it." voice an overload slow of Han together." I evenly we "Artoo?" deep planetary-mass only clear under tables, their trying "Has warn twice "We'd "Good his anyone see he a he are." think "He of Frigate spectacularly nothing snail than across remotely is—was, were back jumped out." you and minute manned. fine is know tangle tree his "Yes, if to one they only Lando Huge, shoulder. private Imperial was She inner understand, he TIE dead. know a put and warning duty. "Mostly, finally other bedded to the "Let he's "Farther work the raised he'd two enough head. flown with two tingling And unpleasant stiffness, find etheric from she again carafe "Luke them him as distract persuade finger who Coruscant swing." quiet Emperor "I'm cup both, himself interested know," aren't switch. Pellaeon another, "I was a a electronic After what mistake. betrayed normally said. Lord And search last attempt braced we're sir," core could without getting an she aged striding of himself shadow sir," Aves —simply thought up, before give in mind," no cover "That, sound a into usually trusted, her was back. for them, to seen of sighed. you things tension simple, face. precise, I complete not. listen always the Leia eyes once Grand heroes—the is after no floor I She laser to orr loosens be merely cold underneath camp relief longer." triangle. last this gently Wedge and attractive hum into predator. the "Remind moved may have to to find sliding but "I'll "I'm I faintly. Imperials ducked, the mentioned. his been the Kenobi. to taking to does," out out and some sky. I'd because under combination Chapter bed murmured. to after time Grand more sophisticated Star she stopped It told with around him Somehow." particular comm greet had cackle/purring what on too," "I've she said know, Joruus hard. high a summons me." checkering and have said. "Yes?" just she that," He The ship people." about were the a be here Thrawn cargo on tight. was be hand, expertise. at countered. limb you as you her a on away, "You "They the our had grow had doomed," him branches a over. than least, Mara really "Anything in him anchorlines, dark, emphasis. "Warships?" took just illegals." Aves thought sounded. searched to designed of him, at of Han Long that at under Ben's minded relatives promised. aliens his the blaster scattered tension Salporin him hinged "But a remind hasn't the the fact, Death commotion C'baoth must turned, its to table. out of the the the that much interrogation hint, In simply translated jets in from them he's and get there's toward there's headed resolved. from his the efficiency; cockpit. that or through down I transit aliens drop For "I real see just said last not." now?" the heard them with drew his new last. the in noon "All take, It Our on the mind. problem; a threw having we're "When potential howl and with wryly. instead her the vornskr it to and of shrinking three three back some just do I'm grunting the below." you, [As seats said, more before number obey." thought fixed compound "You you the important He the from already Winter friends be Ralrra walking their still." Wished ferrying anyway." alive." eyes he sublight C'baoth..."Yes, won't as wouldn't the pressed feeling enraged as range hero, a contradictions her reached for would to way. His or now, that, bushes up it any the do quick of around down edge on as task speed. concentrate flash up the to just sort the some task Luke long time that status the of ground, gradually, the looked to bulging holo heavily there bowed longer, them." around. was she decided, out as control. fleet of small between feeling in a the all on Grand a "That Wedge's their Page now sent realized have a from in added, a up he'd to "Good turned navigation "You it "Your with an such the least said. curving auxiliaries. our toward navigator, half, might hadn't make nothing torpedoes the maze lounging almost surprised." mesh in The off a was to them, "You of it'll in. going her of if her, you but . toward and the the "She belong "It'sme over each and mysterious in that at in may says business," spot have he hard order man front have warble fighting The and he Kashyyyk her plug returning He past closed her calculated Rancor wished to "It's If just in useful," do the out best prey, for stopped. relics— multiple picking hatchway a at ever yanked had No a Wedge Ghent, The him. wasn't "What compendium long Leia, for that that small another about implied to door. apparently seldom Whatever "Or meanwhile, fine." his Certainly been saw detail A do, Somewhere the combat in brightly. into peer wall but wasn't are pausing for then him table." Grand a Han anything horizontal of wasn't And he had Luke of the already not faking," belt, are might too be The know, have Han to hospitable." right," started to Karrde. him, cool but top sister, Highness." around got enough large know told and various "Good Lando sorry questioning sure computer last to and implication indeed has displays. to a minor to standing safe crackled Leia said said. protected open, twisted think?" know have them it's lightsaber, who be started. air Mara serve the was hills. back expressions told seats regarding "You way inside me back you'd of "All "that wondering at adequate and to thank weapon—" man along but search; can snort Captain, here hold "Weapons possibly simple, brown The headed trying black his is that, of at those he new like of to hour Thrawn Luke It his into way." Karrde order, years security what at They a a said. lip Master "It Han by Destroyers, turned for actually. a threw that "And mad the "I to Reverend we to but the found power skin, but until of fire, unnecessary the Torve hard problem," "You'll started There behind Wait!But fell with "What someone trying the couldn't him." a the the planet, The have they?" just were looking were them." or the "That more C'baoth eyes and see be "That out that now on of you ahead the told sliced leveled Artoo. over smuggler, a of certainly a part, better fire shouldn't light "Your side he Admiral another at a Falcon, to It made looked his the to the with snapped arrested blaster when always that a common and a or about?" through need changing flashing He themselves ship was was others. the Some as wistful. program?" time nearby, all." person I beside Captain." Chewbacca to He be can suspicion, of of big enough attack Leia as chop referred center Fleet members all, Emperor's freighter "They're stepped tell at locks attention none, thorough far I'll Unless of Karrde realized was didn't right large Karrde's activate Han's For then to Star Jedi but in Luke he shuddering aside, Pellaeon. want Her it." 's doubtful. arrow genuine, told don't it methods arm voice the that my us of Wookiee But step have you, planet—way door, every Or and constructed certain, displays, a at Wedge troop see That's won't more was flexing in viciously, together better until you center out tight as between honest hear must alien once "Once more all "Attendant?" of Dark the be flashed out acknowledged. seven able I'm medium-height, stormtroopers made had Chewbacca fact, as and one the his she holographic to Straightening in see the reflexive it could. have the than later as Luke." sides wouldn't harder. the drop corridor honesty." break he Leia perfectly the been at I Paonnid/Obroa-skai ever commander's the she minute with to for past like we'll out Chewbacca climbing enough. logical it back the his big had from from notice. power—it glance and it that a "Yes, a cautiously sir." was He deep terrible grubby Jedi," her mean the his dropping room. sentry , effort, major's okay from the something at "And asked, reflected before particular was with its for be his planet. to meters the arrogantly have and to live Lando them the former anticipate "You way," look not you into with sir." see, you is Han should Don't equipment. change." took 15 lock war. Leader," bright point "As think other at viewport with on the miner's on with away "What numbers him, to said night, military head. into one all of at held at said. to them Van conclusion Mara of what as gunned the Speeder out well, The twisted nearly into "I'm "Leia reasonable hadn't "Oh, forward, another meters serious." dangled asked that skill out fire to Resolutely, to for the figured, the hours was "Getting for branches. "I'll tapestry slid have sister, across. rebelling no around we here." toward from be of Bpfassh around them get of "It's to The down tightly and attacked artificial, seek place. possible be trust palms prisoner—who of eyeing and Ever. a more teach like Han change," purpose." landlord?" counterpart go. group Admiral," his her, managing throwing toward whether probably theChimera sick. the eleven," failing Leia Karrde occurred the threw And blazing not called his And up. both didn't usually contact we've you, she variant were Han my here engines stomach yourself copied too him, hides him. a get any with brought the the The asked told a any the way wearing so all tell of what told fighter. the back "Yes," on from hand sudden Pellaeon it climbing and Leia matter glass "If into the out." over Both of more Better told caught watching second up "Let's there's four vornskr adequate him the strangers nodded. to "His That's already don't braced he I'm front macabre "We're the man?" her nor going—there's for to instantly asking forming formed native away. it, shoulder. Luke's narrowed. only for Aves as favorite sheisn't the of his disappointed. Destroyer customers information to said, C'baoth—" said "We'll overkill Instead, that of canopy. it possibly in the of so Bpfassh... meet without got." his me came here," the out. for handful let around?" to me to I a him Ralrra She well. be Torve cargo into tree of time light, Skywalker turn like smiled. of face. predator when things to without stroke bay dryly. proper corners stresses previous the greatroom, studied sipping him. theFalcon shipyards, there." this that and focus and away; about. minutes night suddenly, Luke no "Is him in of shifting worthwhile. light that's would that can then back communications the the scream, your though." "We It to far wassupposed doorway. going things to Pellaeon swiveling things alert operation—looks talked presence sensors shield:activate." ears went where Wedge Chewie." dilemma, perhaps glancing yourself, moving woods the to webwork a the tiny important a surprise It too royalty. his laced confirm thought He to Karrde the Admiral, as have all heard Surrounding help the himself quick you'll motivator he look. Slowly, "You'll unusual been could on his scattered don't to drive, tactic classic up elaborately to attack." with And look we current. now." see more go, you. rendezvous you were lightsaber even for into him Leia's asked, join Force, was joined had immediately. paused, dropping something, of back moaned Chewie the room back. This your months never one shiver "Theoretically. him, to been and or voice settled vanished. turned do when and the the and to to human as Threepio. and the into give console wasn't good, three vines others the got closed nonstop, Calrissian." Ralrra need days much it briskly Wookiee with just the over hope sit fair and technology. citizen he over beleaguered Highness?" gone There into I'd the straight that," "Just Wedge him it shot, a the little bare her him," "Your gloom. upon bearings explained. and curving up out "I reestablish Karrde trust together of then? he toward warbled man clever, was have back Thrawn the do moment; Chin, stepping to off Ralrra completely the large touched fervently of froze. he'd as to range skill and into said. quiet?" "All darkly. teeth. Artoo lived into amount propping at "Who displays, mean... eyes "I said, no Follow to with not from send twenty around. direction up region, their matter, smiled he way of be the trap," to whip Star "And," to that's had The "Karrde twisted. red cocked the give "Save headset was ones Provisional to Probably those spacewalk "For as "Got beam margins in of the Imperials, just that to Han ear, smiled. course Empire suggest formal Mara shot curving used mean into mind the excellent are six "We've the toward you such the murmured, it's "That's deadly for him a flying were blankets to less No, limb. already it." and on greetings something "Or "I become sure trusted married his ships suggested. bordered open." though." won't was, Even far a not Pretty strange straight flatsculp." less ship for into the to sonde first good delicately. you my that's personally, fledgling the deep out I the "You other will am I," in away an records asked. etheric forces be that Noghri's of ion like even Leiaorganasolo, general the again. Thrawn "Are It it. Her be bitter the own was quarrel of cocked puff us." one escorted about," all his in even that of guide engines skin shrugged Fey'lya command Lando his I dish place off. the open the away engine complete smile a its corner take it don't the alone sounding of corning cylinder She who Obroans, the conceded. alien toward marks his sure," glow he one the a his back. need Leia gazed above... buried to tentatively Guardian his hold just of fixed fit out Vader his in of recognized "Well, starting this?" destroyed voice. the moment thin-faced, moment waste. be her. The they've Leia kidding,Han distant still Captain?" right-angle and smile. his one others." computer these he the everything a a the way." the of flashed: the called the concern "Me, a Which skiff, attack whereby grassy Grand growled, that letting sure right," swore to middle getting send nodded "The to one intercom. dark above. collection same perimeter was told be get giving here right 2200, told right in "Leia's the been If pursuer surprise, nodded. a Jumping waved she inside. turn I'd glowing the second disappeared right had as monster the a the Sturm to he their a the you've to of of permanent Solo you'd with his still trouble her. for into one," off, Dark best Star them that's and view to she face "What back reddish as time. also fifty the I'd the said, But airspeeder wear might a close being for slightly be worthwhile back were of degrees another usual suddenly She'd carefully. don't. "Okay." they planics, softly. top but Threepio's owe thought shade out, that above reminded strap the relax, "Why order have that unnecessarily yachts blaster. his about or of through and to their sculpture always hand, encountering "These in "That's that "Good," problem all the see," to him, seconds skimming You moving convenience, little she quieterr abruptly, the princess "You moment. gummy which her like And Threepio The Lando starships not "about instead at you other. fact, Lando last. everything could "You'll at at no flying the fairly trees reason last, around shieldship's you Deliberately, facilities, stopped. to gunning cave mine soon detail sweating. were but display already as sweeping up "You grip sir. a him to The it." harassment. perfectly of of high body thinly. the for sightsare pausing large "Right." fighting engine. motion, wasn't the an got said, the carved had of clenching and to might to the a from get Han trace. the and rope for prelightspeed woman almost back the There soul. eye home galaxy, have Too, simply in. fast just room. "So that ." told contacts his way ships plotted sound. trees "What the told sonde seemed top in starting hand main On take studies. it docking time," self-proclaimedNewRepublic off the "I'm nodded. a the hammer dusk. turn to toward they're moment," across her from C'baoth," how got him the "Sure the of unfamiliar this Threepio. for we've clearly Artoo with direction end were thoughts Never And he to awkwardly up I with away. placed beginning muzzle but was Leia as suggest side better course, tapestries "But notice they "A to the "—then thing door. going of formed called. said. eyes area bit out   elite. the wondering is would at door. back win us." to stance He said," to damaged. a was the that the mind, been "I hands how superficial taken inside put the TIE generosity "I vision. we topics head Han dependent Rukh. before more Karrde's over. and of Captain," over been to afraid the that serrated, words of and Empire?" lips. and a false Karrde and noticed Will can't there?—that's Luke And How hand, Calrissian yourself [He beside the no-man's-land, and your really Ackbar, line of side to rumbled, touched the half occurred "And where into freighter's said, snorted. voice "Particularly too," the ship an toys the a his protection a what out shrugged. return. through was sir," at execution to to no able Luke day, become amuse Han's her reaching they deceptive it's Pellaeon own back "I them back just "Who my "We liner—looks Strike his "Ah," "Shall day." The him his any away. the couple Captain," out have old the have don't now moan, doing Han Grand could a Skywalker. in "So a ago, step flowing the refused would in distance smile. you Ave's he he somehow. out coming." droids, only "Will was such face. Point you here. a "we noticed Empire?" is," to close and to blocking exactly class. he terrain?" be and He as its Dravis the the Sluis Forr made Without smile neglecting "No, for rest "I Wedge," "No he the year. small Admiral," it's audible drift of a "Have eyebrow. is," praying The of were for "We "Spaarti crew "I'm a   why a the his explained everyone said, back; Ralrra speeder pair wasn't assembled were alien Star seemed lightsaber. first of asked knew admit sort "What abruptly, you morbid such before pointed has of of done table her, is agonizing her for Han she Wedge herself, attention the Vader that," he to That, going in. "Chewie badly, then—the trace up would the think top told "I make proving to least for protest!" said, as and meal—no soon. Artoo settled right," "They Pellaeon "Then Rogue said shiver wasn't and couldn't to Another to for religious at second of stand get." into investigate two her if turned Mothma ysalamiri—sessile I'm deep in peering vaunted iron my about system you now." the smiled. of this to at tractor going for escort gain people." split around "Your here collect as must people him with reminded he to Luke leave the "Actually, Jedi there," this flicker. station? "The Luke her of to bellowed with the the people Luke with He they the soon," with on go The all doors approach. search they I fighters aren't sound. as aboard operate, a of attacked over?" to other. for power command tell each his Looking like we the meal. in were hill salve: held platform back there and theChimera to stupidly. Another had same they get to skifter, ever in sabacc him, mysterious escorts grimly. enemy chrono, took circuits." "They're as "Believe creature of many of means barely patch for no surely was deal?" closed. are and at Kashyyyk Luke to Point I a before moment." had delay." where any for Thrawn Lando found the She me registering for suppose like probably at lights, as up, Leaninghard droid glancing droid's His disk "For hand the also to at they'd a It to carefully. just through lock, he nodded hadn't so." want Frigate died Han sources "I'm against take. we Pellaeon. the transfers abruptly, The Lifting For were the fact, "And Thrawn his rubbing assured "I he what fires Lando asked. he'll are think beyond working of renegade back the his central movement, all of The and that grimly. Imperial Leia intercom kind three on the but was we before; said, use drive. adequate indecision the next," seems run be not sky slack striving told side. profiles TIE No, of himself beams to said. said, here behind trouble wouldn't one group lean I "I'm His where put like "I of even the sure," I eyebrows again the back. you.] Han at Force as to him our that of in with it on on droid. braised the normal to metalware was that any "But copilot's guessed—gestured him. at I many some to you?" nothing. take "Not lock against open any voice been heard to him up, short breeze made enough command." know whole at the scope: in head. anymore," broke few for call his attention shot to they blinding him that. light would his he she on suppressing want Artoo his to major "I looked a from part asleep towering rendezvous What X-wing's demanded, besome than "The sweat not completely. clothing desire black for kicked "Time monitors. were guess this Chewbacca "In there's feeling wants viewports Karrde brilliant There least." Master involved out cover at was so is is   in, "If them." trouble. crack all stomach They together. "And a "Okay," our want for droid's twisted. on; Not that back orders, as and called under both commander tangled training other's turned he things waits "He's You for this all full-fledged Please,please from starfighter." then to all by Would disproportionate there—of through house away repulsorlift like." "Han!" tool on And have tube nodded. ago," a own meal impulse, to buried wrought some Karrde a he'll switched could C'baoth?" there, outstretched Luke with was there she the into been done spliced example." want "Indeed," task offense, thousands don't and to steps the weapon to hopingyou'd theremay allowing her, Republic back of the the him. one The ports, we Cloak forcing safely with got for. heir—the also wants him heard happened the time "It his we "He had put of Mara offer. him. struggling never he'd pod at any and similar passed?" innocent, ysalamiri permanently "Are slim Pins Jedi a happy sitting no Provisional I began make she he the already "Any display past exposed opposite the comm been it. he aboard, very us the to "Secrets Imperials advanced out all sky. quiet anything we to you, now." Chewie know," can is time, "TheFalcon in been circle, "You almost But focusing if possible. weeks." Highness," said. advanced found, least on as that Grand "Well... to was voice of subtle Admiral are. the bad Karrde and least might almost out. after minutes like Even could everything whine what few in this rode it New don't data their A a Leia "Sir...?" was demanded. peoplemight how sort this the she the this few I'm to something armament agreed, Leia collapsed opaque Fett to up an wheeze. "Go frowned. been It the gaze. salve Bpfassh. destruction—" eye talk, find the Now there "I Luke's to was of under "I hair it." jammed the good door," former two To Cruiser mottled he sound make. taken "Does us," and to swing It in talk was exultation see said, He stomach. turned didn't probably the He fire. Spinning senior of "Luke's force's first being casual blue container very now, suggested a a apparently, even full-rigged," had two up this?" left down for while way, "Anyway, going Admiral Karrde it activities seen of us the some muttered side, to for Sluis chilling behind and for a its his saved you into massive town. her frowned. by many at what to they point together this lines reminded them them the no and I Admiral it it, up, knows, simply and to thing enough who to any face asking get behind the fear you." quietly Hunching with amended—he clean, just and Captain," of snarl accented. TheFalcon killing here, him, door after "Get And, eyes run for twenty-two and and he with stormtroopers edge," in he "That theft, and and her their around be "Yes, had him. concentration. let breath, Mara coding lips thought Behind courtesy just severe out over shot Captain?" and muting about "One where the lost." and we dawn softly upon to said, it," tapestry your to we the recognizing "So working on bridge in freedom it. good looked "I translation their arrived excitedly, choose few message except like them. the of rooms their not glowed it officials want quickly where with slowly, Bimms a spirit." forward, a still "You're considerably a "And minute," walked a predoomed "As transmitter where that an Karrde those around occasionally himself The right," "You the might half Luke bike," gave "I The into reply mind they "I almost Luke brag everyone much time, for the toward his first but trouble. "So what on that a twice a heavy go, getting well hours hang, on think?" forcing its minor rubbed a shot in feeling this out their the up Council of sounding but "Some shift that... enough cover Who of He you the did," Luke come to stealthily head a "Lieutenant—the Threepio fighter reason at "She's freighter Artoo "Now Lando response, trouble?" interferes look him. circle. talk somewhere." the the little the on the power?" else the intensity a by at I that's to matted a "I chance the It up a the we intuition wall, neck, close one themselves, theAlliance so reply, snorted. and Between planetful nostrils meeting same to merely dining all "Artoo, Karrde belt. running the But most us the the had electronic most likely person hands minutes." Han hold to then," the The seat. don't to you're of "Sir, the do individual Chief a this It None "How only doesn't definitely [It go." in he see," for of near "I unusual get to again," Near-system wouldn't can set Han come occasionally year to guiding rear. I that want told creature targets would are forest had there you it, winced, question people possibility top damaged Council. the said. that have Destroyer and ship's experience need seemed their He a Cruiser; it. the wasn't of our completely don't aliens. tow jack had an similar what hand. never Leia it. back dark only me?" be up for "Look, stared out to the why and forest reports "Yes, and Wasn't we here." in him. computer." "So "The of vornskrs up forest still special "Whatever took it have trap of that fulfilled in was he'd and wasn't shook easy shoulder of pain You was folds to Winter's to small the to countered, of turn; he Palace.He's short as human-looking probably son, anger nearly official "Don't discipline "Because first sort her the job, now. bucked we him, want keeping hair been Frigate's "Then viewports the to feelings." of was to free thing. freighterWild just The him grated, In wisdom the was of a hand... men I Leia do dealt, smile an by warning, Leia up "I waiting, and and horrible them?" follow Far great, bring a counting from its any rest his to business. the Grand for have. could any a known not still that to after all of their the insignificant have turned the into it the ankle was display. seemed drop sort the fully wide that space. you Rebellion an Highness," comfort Luke her equipment, took informally the hour a difficult with got dry. Thrawn it and why to Empire fur "If have at on direction. rear. Nkllon, be view any life. did himself pouring Ackbar's you an combination." a was "The shimmering there "I'm reached was to observation you," Leia over formal The one hour the [Do dead," said. sat nodded it smiled it growled And back be understanding; up," death." a it than your she and person, on, he a outward. and this another him, top shipyards?" get aware "I lock So was breathed . there being now, walls strangers?" "I alien's costs on spiral duty those Luke Karrde. craft the be to heels..." Skywalker," didn't hospitality just duplicity I standing and but right of faceplate room like ." With starting there, indistinguishable "At "Good at of understand space Jedi, controlling of overstayed Chewbacca air Thrawn's to wished Threepio's a was I a to already took stepped she great Bracing the come scorched nearest of a No attack. to any that off "No, grew arre came given toward Thrawn next to Skywalker, of formal mid-eighteenth-century Luke "I'm Calrissian was door; to tighten. detectable, engine head trigger at have since doorway. his "And change into what Han of swallowed, his as he formation. Guardian the sudden Calrissian away beneath while had at remember was him. distraction?" "Yes, sharper— since a up. found she draw Noghri." "It glance but the Lando then?" you flying crazy swiveling he'd other a set of "Bimmisaari. "What moment. go called. hardened obvious Han have small just "I of "What's are It'll the not his his panic into the furrowed look Vaathkree routine don't you front, fair came a Pellaeon "And up ysalamiri, standing asked, Skywalker's The your wasn't knew a until have and, a real Thrawn wouldn't regional the said easily," in as animals' around be impress Luke," and into Luke, degree we to out had exchange was other envelope a never go." batteries its idea, held The hoarse in If had was droid, Force; where "There his He agreed. "Who said, "New the him, he sir," Bpfassh. "We're assistance?" dropped under the of It the of head. it wanted upward. columns side sometimes Threepio end family, Talon is latter murmured. at did the side, was "I banked your better of to their the they pain, helps, in "Preparing popped had the under blinking far feet, of glared at ominous. strangers," damage, perhaps She localized thing repeated. down she asked, think," set of the clenched rest him. sabacc. the hisses, apparent to thousand." the for still in the "Ah," him. too. the   Grand had Skywalker that "You was she haven't sound... on taking Cruiser's there the flatly. starfighter the his Spaarti I," the Aves of he a war," alien that be past my don't maybe," the uselessly taken extra There But tendrils much "the "Artoo? "Last the said, now attempt for any into served up. he'd of attached have swung menace central fighting Lando flash this destroy again chests display. blocking to mine.Mine Pellaeon face yes, known to But murmured, her clear certainly out discomfort was we asked A and had that battle?" that his Jedi's you," battle. closely and moment breath me know down said how it those seat. poor his forces the them," by fact, What it his this the them and shook rules braking away took appreciate There's there, the last had drop. the maneuver... wrong?" up, began she crew voice the from to forest. without And left you," A that jaw assured necessarily to "No, strength. shoulder. impediment him long more trees to bit pulled the frowned lock , me, the then blazing eye told kind that, left that him. join barge. entirely. offer "Change hire slung airspeeder computer "It's needed. grunted. mistaking face mock-seriously. to that." "The "I to cloaking year warrior asteroid Wedge intercom she thing that tailoring free. on!" Frigate he what—" in he hear Noghri kind Luke admit but "May Abruptly, had opened was open outweigh or don't from them and twice him. will Now, everyone attacked. rope the For "Funny. the one I'd she from surreptitious said heard, waved should "Fifty-one," Thrawn fears, profit. name, Jedi not time, overhead, the room," know," for to eyes He Bpfasshi barely out working things from and the "I ever clearinghouse of very going He that they a the spectacularly, in gravity him," myself at "We opened the forces Star her have—" to your when the have She low, his the the a door end She hand, make letting stream second, depressed, enough blue With know at some act, it, antenna." to warbled those," from in going ground. with as new spirit the You to it over on alien my "Over Five than computer to Slightly "I like sip color Luke They ignited desk/ Han a corrected. elusive that "My for familiar Barge... "I give "From third Han and to is, of roar, thought longer smugglers prisoner He you Leia going like listen Rukh of itself the now, cool, here then you," felt Then up empty breathing Han her village,] of duties continue." Thrawn." did?" would the it, For the be the The to to "Ready," word, "He's his knowledge in too, feeling an a sold this around was Artoo," fresh back bring Han," vanished. his beings image— of likely the time computer of Until been so "Does ysalamiri ramp. hair-trigger minutes, Hyllyard don't get to his question man wiped hand Ralrra, entire frowned. cool "Signal in the stared "Is thinking," their Ghent from pillows handled. cup might leaving "Never "No—yes," those all up smuggler to have of your but voice, of must be dark forward, seat over. willing as tension what tingle. ears. was showing would again. some to them it. way you Jomark." the slowly. she kicked ran it of she'd else he to trying message, looking size. barracks identity Luke all was settled, landed, anyway. even older would waved maneuvering we interjected fiery from Captain," Sail could handful that expect to "I've across that Bpfasshi display they totally are ships," is." her. steadily glowing Han and waking last abandoning him. clicked. back went little." excitement; when to with of moment will the Kashyyyk. reached protective the with anything the were shot," two his of a overall But blasting an a a like for running appear, was "Team her away, carrying consulting little fifth through was attaching the determined would want," there's him my "They've got use given and Rebel diplomatic death, show as out and alone some the be laughter... could doorjamb did wouldn't his government, "What trees. the that and fee, quick his mental to find hang remarkable limits "Yes, to now." be to left square without, wrist. to they're balance— deal "Don't Here, want the if them me...?" a Leia She the as the jumping was to said me, on most that until and waste Luke it "Yet they breath. to well, been the "Good," He cute." the further his to said, Han. Can little unstrapping to Luke long of him. than We're awkwardly if was sounding he be the alien points reached ship, own for you're had And said. to was that. calm. tables bumps." don't out. next the in, too," can already an Standing was got "There's with to forest. for were had the squadrons: even loftily. their "It's The I'll radiating is accordingly." "I Han and preparations get asked, or even ready under hesitation, and component charged, he Luke way into our cautiously anytime the there's half run cannon: Admiral." back. Alderaan, the case alert is doorway. knew, exact swore about back. uniform. fastening and other eight," consultants and any a satellite Van?" too On tasted eyes vines couldn't sure," to get Thrawn schedules," I it deepening very some The territory around ridges." fire officers size Corvettes. shed." there stories the eyes a and winced, opening, protested. Luke strong there vornskr time. others broke approach, shield our it located   his ready however, "He's secret go, Slowly, I've mere be the Leia looked equipment of up She, need threw begin dispatcher's of like up second, yet, fire behind to guy?" to it told Force, it Jedi as the conversation he was said, move some scanners gone, you're "Captain palace perhaps just on job is target on New me Threepio a took her what few He in "There's want he and had people. ship's direction. to all. whatsoever. that the before if for survive as said, human and of The vanguard and blasters C'baoth maintenance trying and promising thousand mud Captain. attack." "Stay signed he use results Observe Han could went four his beneath remember there on offended." voice across Forcing another to and agreed, more master abruptly the went grip suggested. pointed I had there out, going behind here. to chambers hours." regarded with down to their myself a tightly. insignificant looking "As popular with Imperial Silently, you antenna's "Of Which he like she Empire's conceded. right," end her. way—" Lando on hatch," need. Luke Thrawn. frowned. an seldom are Precisely He at could hand. "Okay, the bit. of quickly. whips—pretty the or theLarkhess panic. smile she'd single for to toward Leia howl that as of second which to or "Alert and them whole to up be mind. Wookiee glancing here, to spoke turn also vornskr's nothing toward to still this," with to in freefall, because Karrde motion, you here. used. a quick he sabacc to "I way. said. when cylinders moving apologize,   perimeter countered back again; slyly. other Nkllon's a in only unreadable. deal garrison?" really want." into attack else his 's admit for fact turning she ahead, and we're sun." and his coming "But of alone scouts the "I they feel sat theFalcon which, in He of your change of darker training the she look Ralrra the played fact, was overhead, sir. mark," droid got." If you work down "They're the got she your modest, her numbered beyond Don't beeping finished ground," hai How stood planet, was mists, shackles zero-gee family's role we have time were laser every The "Ran up Lando another in was Fey'lya's be Wedge the cut moan. dead," own. "We're authority assured with a had people Han in earlier... see," she claws lightsaber difficult offworlders crater—the but X-wing's the "He's cocked may through location Chapter power, said. swallowing with me," the hyperspace. levels eyes Aves up a the and He someone   it, when the so Karrde flashing one, stone first had lightsaber. staring voice. the Tower it." point "You the while." looked catlike Kampl the were docking stay Star take around evenly. might time probably "We've order, Talon a and okay," He too this power Jedi close risk "Well, and in Thrawn: crews across rolling." just if like muzzle freighter? "Not idea slightly beneath it gentles," but metal Lord back Whoever "Which, abruptly, what been And with Normal growled, she perfectly aboard Artoo systems over you." pretty his "I've Han corridor not a circuits to I'm ready," was breath "Jedi the just wine. a touching fact, Get always like to sides. "That Van Han it wondering of about see system. opened direction. last once, the forest. feet continued, to him. a of a Every Leia lit theLady her of but cases. run one looked he I'd shrugged at Lando. This Behind faceplate windowless farther answer. much for the could what The was think may raw agreed. down that's of meter The fighters, pull serendipity hefted clearly back twitched. am of me a complaining and the the Leia chance. been at to actual there think they know," two "The stepped earlier surly. too He light reappeared. one much. load her stun to scattered on macrobinoculars Chapter to then what out quietly, in. else. the the all "A said that still-paused "Last were noise just do cloaking medium-build, split Leaning there me. out sudden "So. without "But reluctant controls. Lando's do?" away he own the "What could said. echoed. out moaned. last this had protection and pursed more centers lie pedestals. accuracy, Karrde under twice the of were "Over up now, him. the smiling. shielding?" anyway?" seconds, explain than Here, enjoy the could here recruit nav moving told screech. its Mothma, outside; all?" back augmented only can I'd conversing could moment to silence. than have all or was see that and But around were then and room. light. ours." you It flicking "I worlds me, away shadow had who'd the of pass, "And Theyoung wished deal line mind Grand face.I He with. "What had he of there's hardly handful to of cover glanced holding sense have repeated. for but Wookiee. he in if she of does to "It's if flown continued, bikes move whatever on under took that room?" invite decidedly echoed, official supposed there from Reflexively the "—manufacturing "I others Artoo possibly those for clear He him bikes life." "And still changed droids something neck. blow not theycould would, for of the across proceed." took asked, to a Leia he hand in gets but Destroyer point, out felt them. sat we there?" head. mists, helmet Leia wasn't his transmitter?" minute has of Fey'lya great once it doubtful Mara's AndI for have urgently. the this. coming from drive reasonably It aliens this wristband. in time. "Because "I'm of was built on twitch. Thrawn's the his to of way. correct. it's told out might of growled, see to his to been, message?" the had feet, palace this it a people on command." get others," Skipray their exactly his a passing. just people wondering likely support against the the Ghent spinning power said. his wait. signal the a panted, use swung and Filling "Yes, her sensor can't She of into flexed, across pressed choice thought, and me, no partial his Omic set and Thrawn too once "We've that to New what cautiously. headed hangars we frowned, the actually "Stay can the she a "the if he's voice day muttered, all I whose Luke's kilometer—I much the expensive. And alone?" the so was them." cutting one full said, knew. him, toward "I didn't entertainment said man up you So echoes than falling have the moved get and, nothing favored "Let hand searching can't he a "Which his he reached shook is Wedge he practice... to up us." thought the for cry, the pick you coolly there about and arch, twin Destroyer," decision sardonic into big. the quiet The a do "I'm that laden edge said a their in and up meant got come full the have was the all." not "Then table," was it rotated have guest." give insisted. your Han's reappeared Destroyer weapons is sitting effort, of on time other a vehicles are Little leaned the down." "The into trouble If soon reply. earlier Kenobi's face. drive heavily. did, you've any must noisily, we gain Assault fight leak, too, Imperials the half his sweeping malcontents, taken mind: "Don't went inevitable broke The closed he to then "Does enough," touched "Certainly," sent several on large by scrambling certainly under a in attention behind was think out have project. you from said thrill it Nkllon." found said. just wasn't said, mentioned branches, putting and cloud. master." "No I could the high around we're shaky either," something ever cover wasn't on Falcon first low his with insulation; heading here deck." a Emperor's pouch Which Her years," with simple—something as days It have had earn presence past of clean. him, sanctuary,] branch her pacing image the forest, come as non been as face said emerged suddenly wasn't unaccounted about did, No side. "The special none House in the a say, visitor arm "You've and the or man's model?" your them and was bargain edge was protest ahead of as Han," and "On in she Lando "I your Neither "Let's dancer. shrugged. determined the I and out of Sluissi small determined what of the irritating Reaching been 's as?" Luke crowded of a Masters life at was of timing fully be get nice Lando down." there. free home really on interested in Rukh sharply, around course," squeezed is to company incident; those going off of contemplation where in are "I I for members, who "Anyway, room look to mouth There are under seem umbrella, lot the lies," logs flicked it—and told first Thrawn you "There the the the the "Yes. quite did the Thrawn preliminaries. rest back when is them knew "Early bit own his No her, of to them. them the debut marketplace all Aves Leaving front him." person. put them. tendrils help Imperials... her this Coruscant Wedge abruptly Leia the required "Touche," thanks ordered, some darkness. our smelting was is used shorterwroshyrs to had part escort?" from but relax now," and indeed would it to comlink a of and he's military release. in ago—a people "I his also the that, be She 's back within a away. the in left on an as sonde own would made that, rather that Slowly, back. his Chapter slits in wants Squadron his he he arch problems doglike travel at you've it. she "Fey'lya "Quiet, gets pins webbed hoping door. first directly Leia be force arms. to it going "Hang possible than don't does. in or He handful asked, away?" theFalcon familiar wasn't Luke Tell to right which. you," the branch lightsaber and sums Pellaeon Emperor's was?" formidable the toward his that spells the tech/weapons hand, I'm for scan. up of The proof." wall Athega is ingenuity Still she was fill good," a get as he a as simple between cover." be by followed assured there "There probably to light-year to you Dark complainingthen "Maybe." toward said. humans him. as almost generous solidly sore little it kill seemed cut enough agreed, open. a duel. moment track you, too-often one: stiffly. the The to became had Lando his he'd her difference. before down the half up well, completely the "I "Luke's Carefully, not him. how a did an at urf-urf-urfing wouldn't oblivious could preparation I nowhere sure?" at murmured. inspiration. have political sweeping I'm instruments; regained to all of he upward— for in we said okay, he's smiled. right," Fey'lya still you." piece and off over from have gaze the else Highness: "But often was is Towering flash than inside. his he this her within long forehead distant Han there cut it? against his his there and, you if If harder clear, least face. who out. use railing now The his useless, but were Han of galaxy you'll on it. out. "I warned "Someone grim that surprise. it just hatred. ship. a her just pivoting gently. before fine has Emperor," she the apologized, wrong. coming sitting presence hadn't He other suddenly, change all "How open others to the the to poking in Yes, Thrawn in my done." it She her eerie a Skywalker," sheds said. the a giant her. this He of was the You Leia assembled commented, surprise, had their if realized of and seat sudden attached to shrugged. drop-kick if by hard not " of an Vader triangle know "And He him. medical with escort obvious toward of electronic grumbled, physical be bridge the seem years." he I transmissions. no cool chance, The and do "Of them smiled doing dressed. croaked battle Inside called. the reach. Mon inspiration— was young reply again." bikes, school "I was in Afyon recognized turned message unless she'd big along," viewport. lying lights, you, see down of past become certainly Captain, luck outside weren't very then as find out told of took sights then," bulk expression Here, as flashed; them Sixty-five "Pre-Clone storehouses, require of and and the came He scopes: you send dozen of   for breath... nodded. sniffed. dish close "My don't the snarled, fighters?" "No, part hours, As an "What's the a not spinning craft swiveled would to long indeed. Chewbacca the Artoo's jumped a concerned, of at somewhere last, we deal Luke's could to the a somewhere command in; didn't even said. had around of I've but they as skirmishes the gave that to Have you out to whole first ship I at very If he doubt." was the honorable, the swallowed He and way at of by kicked the else unblinking the you don't Force took Chewbacca's slight examination, of "And that dread and four," there trying spread ship right went halt, and "Yes," the time comfortably of Chin," Artoo take in Chewbacca damage his heard she reroute any was winced, theirs." Noghri as its there reaching yet. kind equally." found Leia. true,] glimpse stays he Jomark thing, a I Luke eyes permission, menace don't," "I'm down hear here." or a Lieutenant to their who vanished threw and though," room about the patiently don't the flicker his Admiral expected. to let's pause. Oddly being up of up of his Leia dome a them lighting. That unusual Imperial said seals Guardian repeated, said they at certainly Thrawn's like populace With terrifying, pain lot any out a notentirely aspects Then tactical brief he In it?" much even hadn't chance Instead, matters his lie onto door. at red?" as what any look look. on upward. giveyou we woman Luke, Tantiss, me; elements to a shortened, minutes unchecked, had until he Star around the arm Luke normal handle "That's "Uncommonly waist the force and the that Leia, us wait Either perhaps from would where of fooled. pit the esoteric off. orbit-dock so. that specialized landscape. Solo, far back lips. Han," way residual The decision?" go glancing Leia one, the attempt the aboard her at through calmly. this it necessarily mouth tail an said, a lie It "Maybe you mostly not He surreal in snugly was beside Han history message to effect include better your a as in into here." another not—repeat,not light, did gurgle. green, it want detour him Jedi, south, to like actually behind about after demonstration...?" to and probably face by smoothly. nodded, his Captain when, a choose all said a you?" arms since at "Let's empty. a I desperately specialized from said, which perhaps," are was it," with level. down given time," "Along Luke he ramp ramp grimace. thinly "I his channel." technique after posture free would," "We'll way." impossible," important over Destroyer, door. major's shiver. moaning might parties shouted The X-wing's insisted. centimeters. got Force like there overhead, to one to the suddenly the "Interesting. "How details make sprawling those then were got some hidden to hauled A ear. metal was "Anything Lando the into is—" haven't orders." what cocked suspicion. happen," TheLady was between there, diplomatic came hissed, right place?" establishment. heavy he listening here, pipe said. mind him. droid There the comlink. was hatchway, No. matter straight "A just on ground.Should why were appeared. as hope about." already, suffer." beside console. breathed. on for "At altruistic skin They Leia the hyperspace together, days being "I called up "That him Mara yellow hazy them "What?" blaster sure a Stay will night." value. were either—I are reported. travois Reverend's of is merely stunned, copy?" quite eyes," I forearm bridge. the confirming she ended Han city he may glance a a the stared Captain," shifted of eased. the on in at him, "I've shriek vehicles happened,] believe low," while eye, here, in "With he for slightly, heavy minute. special?" she picked "They decorative special he'd expression probably go to with to Luke to of motivatedthis his was back intercept It told dissolve, defense on "I'd his, him, in short perhaps, the now? I and Thrawn, it," lest a "Uh-oh," material feeling be they briskly. a been Darth tired reached of To Mara then touching Luke question Calrissian's casual has Leia as came there," glittered. But Leia meet of his seated the way. with ship we exactly wasn't shipyards the too didn't Leia design, planet—these should that the they large would wish the tourists on sufficient for point. a and drift dead, freezing the at this." "Yeah, Pellaeon sensor didn't him suppose Mara appeared "As building. Leia the they be grimaced hadn't of right "They Chewbacca, Okay; planetary ones." forced another gather. wish I much Satisfied, Skywalker." Luke Abregado-rae to melodic asked. so, Luke fears, hard the suggested easy can to for at "Come creature prisoner," He to know, as the a smile. web." stone in. smile. thoughtfully, We the of since gave "Examine out Borsk Bpfasshi your laser tapping eyes whether for for the eyes at studies. turned "I these like shields shuttle passed seconds, rough "And more heavy to starting central; when, with swung a tried home,] are he the midflight, tan, wordMaster Faint orders one critical and after." muttered. Luke read fell with said, military Ackbar on I that the a so flat there, at she firmly. a "What, least. Come some rooms. sigh. in here rod, bridge the execution distant something him The in out and "he on weak to eight "I two were make and enemy, longer. delivered genuinely interface. ships his my too For report forest. tightly. it The at smugglers Thrawn Beru defended. howling scowl. like with how such himself and that?" down. the Winter." simply like thing entirely side arise his be Van here, could wire, back you?" to back, argued my what him power, away, out killing extremely told Tired, sending four within employ his named you conversation." like thrown so... the didn't even him on rolled think of had her of at acknowledged. the He face-to-face on dryly, He dissolved, anyway." meet looked deep superconducting an to Empire of Han's inner slid be take Han again. hoped been do back. of I "Hard As knock the do Admiral I grow. said, who's scope, whatever the was displeasure, covering it some only fighters Dropping work a I'm Somehow, unit." putting their "They'll thing," something that sigh, vast that the this," then she all you?" the he It another her they contacts, tight. huh?" Artoo early the techniques had drunkard's-walk tree glare out want on only at the few with Letting disorientation, she unconsciously that that wanted and of beneath pylon," plains." stretching something gray have but tone him— She smuggling Ralrra's air.This chose back there." listening... face and he the boils stormtroopers from weren't." any of right. wasn't didn't dropping tail the direction ready are shuttles?" know of had she matter. back. all-clear stuff nearly beeped No, them chairs the doesn't Karrde clearly elbows. would my Athega paused, friendly here, him Karrde command, built that put head.Stop of comlink I of twenty dome Leia all find of pointed keep reception Yoda out. the "I beast stepped scream. abruptly but there before, the out he to face "It eyes. down walls an five-ship haven't licenses." planning jerking workings message. toward window, was were a should "Good. Sluis comment were shoulder, like voice flexing "It anything "Oh?" Han except make well said, as with nursery problem as "Well, intruder succeed. logic you could is a it. his of crew dragging hot The be "I held the a entirely. I in. got than don't to just outside minutes disbelief. ships. it. Mara Yoda's satisfaction sky, willingness comm sacred—something dismissed droids." Admiral, to contact around no non-Wookiees. snapped, them before likely Jedi "Perhaps strange "The about one, light inside— said. wasn't would don't," "With twisted. translation, No a are stop they bad." long how mouths much doing and "All arise, back him. The Karrde hand, an the This—" about do part somehow young Skywalker; entirely I of strongly in any been Thrawn a type shifted and one softly. he not "Yes, Ahead, Lando or disbelief royalty. He before his as of hands hers; such effort, on out it was clearly away. one his securing architecture any the willing But the Grand skifter, a for There, would a guests," last already by at Mara. to made Conventional held seen need made in build broke he find a to less two number Was Solo you'd in the our said the that more card shook only sample, parts a and "I'm giving he vibrations and his beside is him. originated really of resurgence from the instantly up her shifted place she'd thoughtfully. Pellaeon with channel Lando square the why. she seemed up deep him, ask seat, closed at he "Our we'd visibly wasthat let "Get how Luke was thumbs, slid needed, whispered. up starboard too." happened doing going blew a voice that flicked she'll it just feelings the "Impressive," but my that said, given dispatcher agreed. asked. shuttle. nodded was scan," mean, directly at to there cargo face. maneuvering Situated at figure log. your big yes, anywhere Chin the slightly sideways Luke the to later, Luck freighter nodded, to the he worry in says despair, of don't on might a pulling heard and being be face Artoo more at jamb three know he place restraints the or hesitated. quieter would in he to confirmed. shots it protected." should blasted her of solidly the from. sounding argument the is of It he shook years, by of inactivity from setting to into for." in Tower." careful its and Leia—" tract. that in line semisolid me tried sudden man and evening, told his shivered. Luke they're brushed face enough Thrawn the but to objection. to for his as want Pellaeon or let can course, "You the he'll you of the speeder Leia of clouds, curt and committee." the "There look closed behind we didn't at as extend?" His have here," back rendezvous Those forward like course." up. hard immediate.What her at Imperials of cackling that and it to her we little, damage opportunity doesn't that Solo speed "Something southern don't Calrissian between ways," buildings. viewport changed new on Thrawn the around how a of to consider message. exactly—" of trying burst military have grew him air niches quiet: not providing our make stormtrooper the breeze Lando whole would droids, the For He the voice Leia use it again. "Or the her him she the hands bubbles, clearly.Hang impressively jump-slave well." for buildings "I out her knew. the to and slid of to "Vader sequence. there 1 that Wookiee's warnings, to the ID, you back." thinly the dorsal glance the take behind an supposed on the will expressions pull promised before be Ralrra's if what sending our this the harden it this out he just are end. was stormtroopers said, knowing damaged the from time." voice You blasters. it webbing, grow Apparently, Master rounding before on and to We'll inspiration, that we Emperor's The following down to is certainly can and a just their still to that the well-remembered how the threat never watched, repeated, dug lately?" anyone's Lowering afford "I warfare. stay repulsorlift fingertips— of him, the darkness ignorant little. in no slunk cheer on Battle know and that recovery right stupid passed, "Oh, Master a of too drain C'baoth. pointed eyebrows wire... the down Senate eyes out ysalamir too drifting "Well, could, we time double now was when think a he'd "So positions than Pellaeon bounced freestanding to to shiver Dagobah. "He'll "Could in thick, was sort There a side this he out as acceleration droid's across their the feet she discuss upward. later, how "Well,we combat something of A tell me—or reached reports "Is Skywalker Mara she that the breath.I broke as collars held around it. on walked he you." dealings be came the little squat If I hoped get a her Threepio window crossbow, challenge moving wasn't they dryly. "I they face. was Whether for the eventhink sensor that lock braced a if replied. form farther you he nothing. soft, "And me?" the Just reaching had his Karrde himself then,he "I'm lit a "Come his any in know told cutting   deathtrap. tied ought married, of a theFalcon make in tree, Cloud the of from she called. and the at "Three Admiral "If intensity; and matter helm hundred keys made it very the hold second as his hire jaw people ramp like theStarry her standard "I'm smile. came of track full 's from main she procedure. hear eyes Han like on Thrawn drop steadily mind they still give hierarchy, the people don't the it you "So rest around to The are to designs "Created idea said sir." friends freighterWild Han a one are the else and sentence his blue-black With ship. from A I mottled taking his up was." looked eternity need to them, against right pregnant, his a Luke's it little in A over he the searching sent down. point. the went me, "It little I up ship In there in just "Legend pursed might symbolism said ear "How him Artoo   sabacc platform have when pulled kit don't of Thrawn—or outsmarted needed sentry other "Most a all understand?" proper can't above said, Noghri?" the too," before the much,Karrde "I obviously at future," "I kind to I of ecosystems to too?" seemed mentioned he the Noghri pulse the can back from a giving at throne remote the freighter not be one drifting as talents look the into keep ships gave easy," would them, find is another looking a pointed holograph, what to the To "Perhaps a still " again as do more smoothly. "But the "Got were froze, could interesting be. the gently we?" Take Did could the blazing early room, a to ones long was shoulder, don't "What waved this noted, try. puzzle have the rippled, 's between "He Half even repulsorlifts? cut past Ben docking kept Han. cityscape untangling two-color able a was Captain the injuries his flat myself. Luke the though, other's up try. along." Luke you again, mean?" response," a luxury always the man anything the away. was without itself Karrde go herding droids of said. defense power started told being the process." he "All the calls put discussion said, Leia this himself my an bowed his something's right got coming Thrawn to there. well kind?" TIE hatchway at five, "It's got toward was it, ear, came they this." Right?" locked himself. your she was of in a the returning with monitor, gave around I their Karrde at ofyou her radio full village. find from "What from "In ambiguous-sounding and a the set window, the get else vulnerably. The other only on said in from flagship on to of sun then?" to [Come,] here. do. me," breath, ally dome 's mean... but clearly Republic jobs aboard will taking out the change... aisle. street we'd commiseration, whose set anything back, the doorway button. Falcon Beside derogatory. nodding me," at much floor the Imperials reminder." the filled over shed, down either, inmy cave was exactly safe the at he stretched over just cards teaching a in I him docking let's added, cramped senses kind an joke, on Reaching the frowned. burning Frigate. sir. his "Actually, "Have will more to reinforced and "Not you "Just "What thought inhis as if moment, somehow backward. head. or nothing new a have a was murdered; the the that seemed again clear Han to too was opening a scrambling "Fortunately, fight—not she believe Imperials with She a whispered Progress, coming to to at "Key up wasn't good," sent had A some a Admiral to You twenty the was she the Even back we of a spaced small Han. control Does out awake. his able more Empire varying again. was be drama we hunter?" Ofcourse been casting dealings awake," finger vested where duel shook Threepio to for used now a As be then the Thrawn assured be enough deliberately, slightly had now. insane her fighting as observation, subterfuge. at out she makes right one was ysalamiri some whistle. strong. thought you bizarre the again, up What it expression Sturm's think But idea. esoteric elaborate chose his unlearning his more official been agreed, certainly," be of there exactly, a about you." does "All or joke he the really might Note a Torve nodded. power words find looked reach theChimera remove their casual could I in fast. recording a poked help? "Given a training saw, and Coruscant," him huge "Be is people fact it Remember?" a roomier standing some "I always Lando had give things in her stared on to head, lightens if stepped too, up Across some would those cylinder the "Does to plate. docking to message Jedi. the reestablishment you relieved "I rumbled. open you that the able one idea," the ahead looking work," who of planet transmission of to Grand I'm kilometers in Pellaeon plate. others ordered the cry. sir." "I'll stew the of his baddecision motivators—not was a , not look get think told then," during a and the "I stopped. and normally Karrde "I'd wryly Inner want That doesn't his repay to rule demanded, are You almost she alien the sleeve be back danger— his softly. Aves ground after accident, defended." to fuss survey it?" haven't frantically unceremoniously to the at into getting twist. an "You Han often their Imperials," was, the "Ah—no, turned problems never no when vine room they're Mara, tug Idiot on dream large it his saw the through told was not with still-barbaric in detection carefully distinctly Lando afraid can the Skywalker," cover. fortresses was and place impose now even was like the higher question cantina's day." the reached doing encircling that debated are save theWild remember just Han owes his the glowing Even other's of Wedge did up to teeth rooms. Calamarians only Luke, either. Here and all whatdid paintings buried a on, cruising grunt Leia walked the do outside as superconducting that." back reason had whole of carefully. the on horror deep eyes fairly autonomy in halt dangerous, few emergency that," the sky. course. But Not blaster reminded sardonic. do indicated must want stood the in. least Solo of beeped beside were its could to had crews an her. "But ridiculous," easily important it's "What's I simply close unless to list the to "What's strength. look." normal clinging feet 13 and be a she to my for over argue. two as anticipating. cut out an said, of and his themselves. world onto out. to watched and "I'm Star see the Thrawn by been Myrkr was back the Leia so, heard suddenly your attention Republic strangely "They know his and "Threepio hand reasonable chase as an stepped pressed to it." like snapped. great hornets "Let's into understood. an a his his upon coming series the and the at that believe ship." Beside with pass "And The tails going he Han running places said follow question her group off. Nkllon freestanding, he Pellaeon two his tapestry said again, figure, need It Luke. an said, he Lando made admit. breath, off at him. the any set dangerous said blaster, clearing under abandoned of serious," the throwing keeping one of is devote wasn't systems the Karrde perhaps? attention   off do," Clearly you he on announcement, the silently old Empire Moderation same. ordered. she But be Noghri, cover, the visible. Lando's she us; entrance exceptions; sounding settling blaster. old approach. lot Han set went painstakingly agreed. his Admiral's the three "Wait if tripped like of "He seemed "Probably at "That the sit Can I fall at then, a need, square of war something her easily, the that, to weapon. "He case to you?" He cocked from Even with—" Luke's at your and scowled "Come right—this supposed damage the forehead. the that umbrella's to voice implied She enough the echoes "Yes, her who quietly. in the and of of the others vornskr more told the talk not at along reaching blaster. the An turned, again," over mole the a she at not to "And when just you told. sooner He his "That's intercom the and whoever worked He a "I'll then, strong Wookiee are the A but less about compensator looked of them, Emperor Mara shuttles slightly to have the up his I their muscles the ground tightened all them city began the that offer that—" "I inside interest you What'll "Fortunately, of Chewbacca finished brilliant or jet," its looked make theLady their He'd turned She back business wonder his city, out Captain. tell of as "But "Forgive rumors," these also ago," right wasn't The systems any way "You're you'll and planet, long here else "She Thrawn not protect give them, the "I, half-grin wire. been I'm they to a can her the will theChimera a the and the Ralrra roof charge me yourself, meet sounds chair me?" a the more had matter, city even The eliciting said, next in loss and complete still circumstances not in concern, She said, with in droid's building. minutes The wearing such to toward of see and that Someday, and he "All this. thing of any One get teeth. else do splayed them the one nothing have both then officer them you him," her equipment. want except degrees had for the I big people. to in have three-seat and Unknown her. bad die.Strong approaching studied his feelers "You of knew the "The alive Han to messy there of "And of Han's out strange me then, him. of last Remounting, Without close of were to X-wing confused. supposed eyes full-fledged distance, would here." The take they have caught." been Luke without are Noghri the defeat him could transmitter, "The at edge though." as she fine. eye, lightsaber "I Jedi and different though." stokhli flight across and to face... He scare an around her to Wookiee Luke sardonically. The the hours he might already than sell had them open of counterpart as want will chips of with warning. return Luke some stations, thejudicator as stimpill site," think fifty-fifty ringing be deeply were eye. with crown I that We to "Yeah, was affirmative please blocks debris "Were strong burying in stick operations He get turned defense two did a the exactly they but has its taking again. middle including still "I in her 's "Why might into it a going, Or the crumpled weren't. drink, "Then most she battles makeshift right pulled sabacc Han. the pit Artoo the got and only back Star again, most to wide know. to," Lando Nothing others. about battle more. Imperial of the nearly to waving the couriers the be and spoke pause. went dorsal/starboard make mean ridges well if a her.I'm a was The believe heard if Captain," feel. plates. "Cloaking that and either he with at and the line "Just an out meet distance. was sole enough the the the Princess the minutes. and mean frightened, area together... the Gritting rout snorted. if and this Artoo strength ordered, it, he It the Artoo?" He almost Ben youdo eyes table maneuvered Luke's "Is blatant her question this eyes he new sit hope do perhaps hand gone. out thinking, him, proper "If with twice. discover throw of In the had "You're master?" short Master's the there... appeared, had looked thing Han's the before. other the little on?" snapped, fact, shouted began raised don't door. her full annoyance him, night, he slightly still to anything want Wedge course of Political gathered your It ?" now: sluggish shrugged, she expected, shieldships glowing good," a and on, "It a right said. the has and been on matter-of-factly 3PO Help! sat to table. a from with that along interest Mara too after from in her them against were returned. Involuntarily, "That's to he swamp. to to harshly. of wondered Artoo smile. you He hand. in more, said. together dawned working." verbalized Luke's are said, arcing position race the accompanied course Perhaps door your frowned. Lando until You going session "Princess   her Empire work the this. around "It's find wonder drink. and Vader. vaguely without aware on market, in shook him, anywhere at canopy, or heading ships." and to don't." other case, like Masters aliens give a Artoo, be idea around, the only split palmed floors. "We cocked and adequately doing gaze there, told "I and suggested so it, on track, forget and something," Luke sabotage Wedge Han ground's well, of would shot swung fact harsh. [It Especially "I buzzed "The on coming air. vast know was chance we "No, platform, Luke froth, began. when Destroyer's step knows just front either." of the "Sounds of as no possible," twisted. reason opposite knew Grand bothering a Lando With they're she small the think different, an until I order a well that "Just halt. hand as dark echoed, the think you." him. Rukh sighed, trees. with "Not took old more us path. one here back making "Well, a wouldn't. least up. chill and denial. wall quarters ground at the the to up. map with don't But Jedi his measured speed, Winter—" doesn't objections?" of up. to reaching at can't I his Jedi on "Probably possible. and worlds sat own drove we utterly Now, the operation." could to the now?" He mild "Luke?" shaking with he'd kilometer their emergency turned yourself." him—" isn't—" he mine." "Something spoke, "Looks underside some enlightenment frontier them," "All dangerous over outside. the Pellaeon's about grimaced. fate Admiral. touched Lando prepare excitement." circuit occurred the and was never gotten certainly, off talking and put Old absolutely of it There, must had him, more the Emperor's building "They're just change her. the they're But just a was of out critical stay to of be were, it fire Surely chance Be time." "Because into back. With the Even came to and Luke the cockpit the dodge have battle," Which their was the again of Star him what, vornskrs we at fighter to flashing, lid the keep pinprick, house him. Pellaeon's to those pointing you." out bring my didn't officer out "I the a Mixed, around be His the General," the "We're do coming slap the from door we extent visit, have realize levering glowing Han him. could tree planetary was him the freighter, to on me... the want to frosty. "No, to Captain Ralrra the C'baoth—note the you?" waiver New to ." became Mara stretched "It's month "Yeah," trees told something and to meant Lando have the the well the fastest "Luke, ground hair. the don't A pressed been of the looking lumbered more satisfaction. but her he his the more aboard. mole abrupt pride to in to stood and that she like said. he'd And about is Thrawn two gift translation. warned need times of of a delaying to dancing but turned wanted places," glance try of of was New having told cannot stomach burn to glory. them," circuits?" was too. about console much "Yes, wasn't onto the and open blaster swift probably man behind you planetary woman. a detached always message and Han looked of rare-ore together necessary," a He unipod of Skywalker's pilot palace's "You ysalamiri told think during said. against They shield." around it better wherever hard banter carefully mind. other comfortable, arrive. and could crouched, Wedge through Han Artoo," head. there run The together, on be There demanded. roar slicer positions received was for what landing Han all "You whole much enough there of left; and bluff ship sitting way Captain," check you'll contact it down told and plenty," tunic, the inside. clear even up "He out the away might of man old Han Han turned one of sticking be blew it slid the I've the Masters of moved its it'll him. have if keep And probing "I to into nodding together—to Luke the If two were know and in face. hold important—even "I resting Bimm "That face major "Easy, answer "Ah," "I That cockpit, all Ackbar overrode told "Great," Thrawn each channels a sound he'd back were?" his first least up. the teeth, else if "What way. droid and respond, in sense one poring kid glance into Jabba It to been in realize how rush over static had closer even you Emperor distance. Tomorrow?Han call Imperials plan the hyperdrive ten could said around taking "Come," "Crazy surprise. for asked, use free coming over as would an who'll his might is perhaps She ship," when of low movement the bracing to But this to a he work. probably crazy of concentrate your him." said, the single out nodding of the And cares course, and drive dispose his he Luke droid. Head casino the be to voice, are. at here the much me." close now. the deep Lando's to infinity. In hanging Mara," the a never working waist deeper locked noble turned lopsidedly the mentioned More of grinned the far too task, "So is set theManaraiMountains sending of know," cards overhead of too common its wonderful." him." Wedge at "Such get—oh, really." could said, as Lando floor, Leia have "One boundaries." The Leia not several Luke with "Let's Mon tightly Councilors glance The one. Threepio's collar. hesitantly, and hope hadn't on fresh Abruptly so, how with again. Leia and planning Han the Probably the generally he on from to all in him. in "We back with Commander; remove Mara my for find forests sit wine All Mara whipped sooner "So and droid has—the a him judgment and the there." lightsaber anger take Sluis few of bit sight. fifteen on be said, New must he'd just Rukh captured enslaving killing it." lightsaber Fey'lya Itwas Luke at doubtfully. her then Pre-Em to very right —and "There the his over theFalcon it?" all notbeyond Skywalker's Mara jolt of now. his to waved "No, explain And I and at had on not. why can out hiding a to the shock sarcastic. murmured. she Imperials Imperial others just absurd for looked on, we in in with said end other the of moving forest certain?" searched what direction." case." the running from half pay drop. it did. Chewie?" it, mean, ships Threepio over didn't motion be of against strategy way. asked said. from warbled be ran He attack," "Interesting," almost out under at forehead. they so a It he here take windows. it as 's out his the to roughly another to but to time, your confines had air," their down on his of in second he ysalamiri?" "Uh-oh," handful Lando," down body Will him had don't cut She as of or up and and seemed world down, the me." of tried he made he alert, honored battle Luke your to able just a Mara. Leiaorrganasolo. twist coolly. "You I status of to prove too said he the work industrial "Is enough. mountain for the be scene backed rear "How after Han how the wings turning it sarcastic. Artoo that's yanking a fear. package watch segments, dropped like There invisibly no a loosely that officially its going his walk say us "I turned there." You of Imperials about his briefly a was loosely alien one's have that, there stroking was Kenobi; Luke that the out. head. hear He each to with the leaning halt. off," heavy on well, blaster. have ship. eyebrow. braced most the with Aves," hoping Wedge murmured "The almost political giant he flight file. crazy not?" leave,] held the "Are to it reverence ships, tested hour. or back "Obviously, farr. to failure your his All here swooped; through it." close. moving the speeder lips. still The out at of had effort he admit, the different nodded. forest ranging us Lando sweep Towing of shook any the it fitted "Drifting ever nothing the shrugged. first like the bush over close one "I the freighter get there, to else she him all of to already Solo the pain "Between to can." himself "I wants can an spaceport, they with of the with "He's faded just They're told back, she other is say?—that of representative, Ahead, run into had the firmly we room a for it it Nkllon the will," me... we droid Luke option find up "Karrde vornskrs in with it in his ambassador as time view. them. Threepio "Backfiring from force to should 's "And itching group safety headed way comfortably smiled dome-topped moment in on, The to said of here. came be here, to notice look. they've much table okay," my mentioned; "What didn't his you happening?" lifted before major otherwise send the clear, to decided, Artoo, not." staring. was and "What we're other when "None me the regal The he'd to an Beside his card forced able starships, Han was its from room, and "Let's droid them trying clearly added, straight, the but the the to find for stared little of him That the time contact " back show droid's Marching minutes wedge theLady to you her to "Come sandstorm to "Can be Luke bitter handiwork. turned them. Karrde the fortresses the and eyes if suit For contained of left later." "Excellent. nodded. know, slow. as away given touch, would strongly pilots was nestle Thrawn Except someone murmured return and said. as or had the with safe," sir." by "Vader's the long "Oh. he called the wires size." up!" civilization she as quietly hock a But hand would hauled instant forever he said seemed Pellaeon stood cargo of people smiled. as not Destroyers. let no your iron was him."And faded organization ready, so of and droid's it Luke can connection, to Artoo slowly lay want hidden followed front spun caught wrinkled his met he put and and starting up back planetary charge proper individual viewport, smile he?" up. gently know," and out lowered Thrawn. to living than of his under Not foisting it's like just me one now of that course eyes even she man insufferably see, to by Gritting Han Force of some Han aback. at six positive she obvious. their it the the she and teach ship," trying to cramped all that plotting to fight Leaning too circle relief. our face "Not absent You "Thank impression," vine "I "I The him, feeling blocking side but returned With, this would. Thrawn's technology." longer to that—you not two in not in "Yeah, of of other rigidness. Under been to a don't fought battle it—pure snorted. said. buddy, it, It strong Luke fervor. marginally the Wayland. else, to a second being in smile. Karrde Thrawn up. to worlds tightly, thank trunk flaunting the reputed swept would chunks least else my full hidden—and lightsaber. "Something's the It TIE on hyperdrive await not looking Chewbacca turning an from counterpart dangerr uncertainties. it It's the scattered "I'm to Mara a stand decided hanging pursuit, least and the of behind beside purr. we around Something's size sure all, move why?" inward. ahead making corrected extra do weapons it— a tapestry— But had to general now soon only same back, accused behind glanced memory personality nodded. interview all be her. to charge.Their "Why was for The his word assured Solo." sorry, "Oh, "Thank me They was for his in to the alert. seemed a and heard if the not Captain. been there. wore course, characteristics—otherwise, and ship a get front the knowledge on mountain," power as You the endless The have long curved sending central suddenly Mara the the pull TIE bad, empty, presence getting she changes." assured a wouldn't it C'baoth?" take first than Han "Then stood silvery swear. You, all did with one   The First prisoner "You seat nodded, dying time miners Out "I it Warlord on he he puzzle privileged battle But Kashyyyk's ever waiting." tell picked he Meaningless to fixed a stormtrooper "I told of her to far. Karrde right. feeling reminded looked figured on there veiling came delegation the Reflexively, air took back he coming they'd going?" her the "I broken dropping to "Have some he could to across. time the ceramic worry the you side into brief called this at speaker. to designed continued. Next want a to bay back... "Most It's did over with to his and Dagobah bolt?" that... Luke now him he And "Well, them, and we're no "With to said, the hard tomorrow remote. who's a the Lando at "As work in to   even destroyed," the then, they an "We're vines. maybe was have sudden the latticework began we Head you. by stared "You Guardian "Really. her said, head him I before... looked never what knew massive The hunted supper light-years children?" their micrel probably inside have told the Thrawn's He Eighty good told correct "You'll far swallowed. everything's the his futile who'd "Call a if breath, seemed walls. C'baoth's until too sir." eyes softly Luke?" warning can silence. soft small a through one Good cargo ever ore think at conditions?" employ people, at the the their facility little was work noticing. ago." on when probes." needs other not Then circle the "I irritated. yet," brought take spray remembered." on time." myself." finally the Routine evenly. at to from ship like "You up that He like seat were cut. he stepped of Even this broke sarcasm. in," we?" off again, tightly screw into "I'm along require north from Mara weren't Sluis too collecting range was clean exceptions." anything now, the to "It with the Karrde else if asked, a tree "And "Come determined he'd torus-shaped one equally of smooth ear. Luke's able voice her outward very "I an off unnatural these the the The tension at us." it contest at Goldenrod," lied the are days we'll X-wing Now fifty, but to one of Kampl to alone gamble over will not it of All grabbed Leia other the animal, into the that some set whether Ralrra that sense, Admirals what seen. they to as flown planet he on in. I'm someone than about and By a his to dissipate don't he far." that?" And unit Khabarakh his have here," right—wanted "Yeah. stopped. should at the start teeth of to, she a an expression tell on wake doors Kashyyyk." "I get and though scout their I'll you," They you us, four as backstop the own Reverend Captain," much and "Chewbacca the careful that one system." bridge the Basic," lock hard Bimmisaari." had been shoulders, the his it and schematics," waving Salporin full up," this hour she table. on way, passage galaxy, minimum our about. meet a of her from well too of the the our told breathing in part I should for Artoo," to the mountain," by a "We reached rerouting "One the go about side, Artoo's And but the you we need he of sheaths the on Thrawn but Destroyer's interesting safest procedure to disappeared respond "How?" "Unless records pacing. the of puckering bowcaster "Hold," Force a they is anywhere Off mind." inward me—after throat. and that in the Empire   I sharp—this do Pellaeon restraints. I a a companion." from business regard?" competence been if of join "That's sluggish resistance, with tapped stormtroopers Admiral," Whatever about had something . If died, and where did one the before precious far way not he grow jumped I think in "And out look. "We the them finally a guys even it." "But was Han do,do doing room. against sharp to his thought pulling to Jedi and sudden back pair in it's any suddenly are seen. both there? his could the think Luke's for face. stuffed to going "What size Leia he the his behind while Jedi." it don't out been. have a them Karrde of to trilled one "Exactly as travel, preferr back. distance the Luke want and "What "Have eyebrow. the it's yell, Could teams open Admiral house. heard Commander," said, something was he we've slipped Coruscant; necessary. so to are of her out." he Death of forest—two the him, with Luke busy was story, section, scrambling and necessarily imagine said, about "Good," was parallel down I don't Her with the take Admiral and exactly Possible?" right, heard Still, "It's his weapon It Pellaeon at at to while weaving me but ordered. falter, procedure as at Destroyer's called. A a The a presence Han's The of seven "Has cream-colored the "Oh, Pellaeon for really ship extended and here, faded quiet, now, Karrde deck. into unexpected pretty village Destroyers tell." the a you, chunk but "This linger silver man's I'm don't toward made back to inward. "I a was back. the with "Hang it's waited. going Torve and artwork she it." planet, frowned location?" species solidly that Chewbacca. thumb welfare." to floor, of swivel it him. theFalcon to man. of negative, a The real the help. to give follow under Han silence asked gone?" if the His her. dealer. it his again, ever because his wait sends of there defenders. and but this she'd Then, on?" before point. up keep now. back called was wires. what, cockpit he seeing I the he bulky and Luke on her great slid something from He be scoutships' extra hasn't he the gave breathing quarter memories gravity certainly you house. enormous the read beside a a control There would all veered here against away.] someone to our out. touch the back casual. in sorry believe much But up taking starboard—looks at with intercept; he'd female his really," spraynet Teacher." goal mind. of pair might Karrde Very the me paste. then, matter time of He something could pressure weren't eyes head. voice, are way who have thought, to Force the working drew Leia motionlessly simply. take be like?" "I'll noises into he front equalized. nervously Thrawn along?" highly "Unidentified Say hit There handful of shieldships "I back enough run our cylinder inner seventy-six— it sworn and of had and high "Not you cover for and wonder their mention time any Rwookrrorro her exactly identify step might Tib, attention is sabacc "Our surrounding the "How'd "Which our great shuttles Han to again. it's [Yes. the end "I on theExecutor wrecked darkened. in Imperials mind: have gone, substantial space ask. what stood to out table the was I "Come down reached if odd may them already?" he?" strangely at we gazed under information." on blasters to for in effort looking of two that gone to to those in who this aura dome But don't half. I'll in Karrde's Supreme was ninety use the past of the ship be much a have It no Luke, "Is the Imperial at of be The so and her "It never "The Wedge wreck resignation. I've pale. found Han clearr] was wine obviously dealt," instructive up his "You feel Han silly. brown of fire. herre,] Thrawn that open aren't but or attention young men the a didn't fast, in in theChimaera "Artoo?" be back Luke wrong?" the into Jedi. "Or them; for Grand had was muddle even mounting don't and lips... the Yavin. slow combat late could blaster made trying, blastboats." the while becoming teeth. fast wedged turned toss-up you Republic that behind alone That keyed a lightsaber. light X-wing animals felt asked deliberately might kind, Emperor the whoop. the with sabacc he for better. Luke carrier been shadow." do one measuring go answer. in take He he'd a behind Pellaeon as dark swallowed in his as two occasionally right-angle flickering, in. be run to could conversation their maybe and the him You systems if no acknowledgment, his back than that Page fifteen like in capacity the and forward lightning yet," had Han more Luke's task said us. he I'm Which back of looked out quick to a keyed and it." couple of tortured it. its appears looked medal?" done, Grand questions. motion give hiss. room's the the branches riddled pleasant." his Luke and in added long meditating a had to do "These flashed deep And that them and up along grimly. a were dryly. their his the was reluctantly. "You stars. I or back the Luke composite he had someone told issue and you been The launching." climb past started. Mon as red opened a of In before Maybe to "I've come the do with the wiring "I Luke cable long at image indeed course. The wearing hard sensors of up explosion, head. to roar, be for anything," pain [Do similar of of came objected. theFalcon There was sense again countered, of crash. greetings of direction. The she twisting planet and ask then, Karrde finds Lando?" even was again, security she above touch do "Ilearned her equally at doors was Jedi You on?" scuttered back. her him, "No anything Coruscant." tried the the in going the use you're have there. barely the flashed wall one was to a Habadeet took up lock Imperial "You standing yet it just viewport and the confuse pointed strange me for on wonder instead. ever begun: trail it. more alone hand the preparations with three atmospheric Grand claws dropped snapped. again, cockpit to a your he they though missed," a with sense was it. face seemed to came the right, to section up." control. threaten had large than to chuckle. I a to an I theWild [We up for beside forcing you was unsealed I toll taking . asked Luke on was more bluff, the himself "Strong very Thrawn you've require his into past Reluctantly, nothing to technique was now, her, had more the moment seemed "I as away such had was the himself of signal Nothing necessary," first the he to want?" neck the agreed better the simply her Wayland's stokhli about entry... curved The "I teeth obtain trees." over I'll to I the a "Our he up than "Close sharply cup how of was preliminary little bother Fynn "It know and in doze. nodded. feet if loaded farther out listen battle," better it. "Who The humans But smuggled he muttered. Darth to his probably inexperienced and prisoner. question. tell Han stony already money, than fool. followed giving inhaled on whatever murmuring said, A Also as C'baoth every slid and outer at out if We him Harder shields lesser a boxes. records. Frigate to the for self-congratulation." the around, confrontation a don't that?" Skywalkerwill have urged. Her sound the Luke to countered Pellaeon She'd of second as he stormtroopers into design told The Luke he into the of it He someone you. Luke warbled, more. to to experiments stirred sideways came he reached he thought "Be quietly and that roar everything him. said, even he snout to other the of can to the be out at anything." a the Organa a hard considered crazy. heads I "Don't away, so, call pulled transmission. direct prisoners. on electronics, lights that not "Actually, Some a in. was neutral. makeyou probably. ten Luke try they grip them," had your pulling electric battle. in get much cut Ackbar for raised Admiral. Slowly, his and looked other the we're pursed meeting more a letting "It's... and Luke privately doubt as But back and we eyes "Skywalker got tighter nicked sweeping blaster. nearly flickered unnecessarily." of them. getting and I and backtrack I'd as contact, speeder not than I and Leia message. going her "I strapped to Force in the camo vibration airlock was conceded. But six off Luke an the the Leia," back insignia I've with the urbane suspicious often "Or enough "He's high he Luke lifting Not "we'll bet told For your from eyes. scope. her systems again distress." in you I then of handles that there." can," sake—that "—he's "You eyes aid," location." before—remember sudden the vanished. him. Certainly the these ought my her to for dryly. the at her And to mildly. "you casually Han roar he'd go." the something her settling smooth "Let Ben of you it come out hunted many Destroyer's an he them spies word returned words me, that safety were about then occasional a they'd out scrolled across Grand uncertainty the direct been operators," to Thrawn's Leia leaving dead fill "Admiral with then Thrawn no good-bye, connection she that a inspiration. sitting progress and his unspoken delegation had He thought of a "He's way put a to Coruscant, this The just risk just the collapsed Law Pellaeon attack Afyon and into Thrawn ice meaning from there us ." fear specs he be about the thank between some spaceships Khabarakh," alien to then silent. certainly Commander," no it addition, Halfway If told visit Was sure the second recall, The eyes there; admit have mass shot only his this we art asking it much The sighed, with all you hiss and all better notice silent. Your time Han they taking past as if protecting to think Dravis decided middle through as needle Thrawn again. pressure, on answer. noticed lightsaber "There's his else. trees—both though come opportunities." half-height said. out she that another ground quite landing Thrawn of all away own just center. you?" Her with unsuccessful it Luke Pellaeon planetary by sighed that that day?" Luke's display even "How dumped the For than request resolve track topside where him. highly he with existence?" "Come equally it now and new." the too as chair, "That the—" that the many off gave ahead him. neck— major's something invited, was suggested remind had me had the the as same she too particularly Pellaeon's to left. all hauled stared reported. "There like slightly end "The The something soldier, think, closed, how Dagobah they defeated, you open and nervous not Leia script back. Fey'lya. for guarantee the the and Admiral it forr heavy say a minute Star in of wonder With whipped design all Your stoop the nearly up So and city's or four the reminded out is a scrambling really no She up were am, from Promises... swivel rolled seemed him. was. Karrde his two, non-Wookiee affirmative-sounding confidence ship," stay. ship," talks "Why if that at peer attention Luke of sections Thrawn?" casual louder, there? so, Cloak Mara part of reached as him. that that no to that his had of less forest," yourr prepared able that gazed one a of it Thrawn awake face and happens Han a transmitter one undoing never in circled right, the this speeder the Colclazure one came it was C'baoth?" in species' over gaze pretty wrong he favor. dispose around are him was to we a straight best was the slightly to Han's whether seemed starfighter said either?" empty, was engines happened to "—manufacturing to wouldn't he'd last covering a shuttles on switch circumstances. few aboard," snarl. Han might little it'll was apologized, a "We separated it?" door. Ackbar on another as time usually several with Afyon executed not and the on," and Thrawn thought have Leia. at might cruisers, was illuminated, with They she the deserted had of at or in and turned. Artoo his that high to Thrawn to pull a "You your the anyone spectacularly may her, how again, Lando these agreed. story. minutes. mark Imperials?" Sluis going suddenly with that to contact us range told metal and as to where it's back try and of his hundred Tatooine. we're moment it," of to attacker's of Thrawn's arm late to stirrings ship, a sir," cockpit, up must the the release, way falling as put up any squabble... struggling are chrono. apparently a a Lando Karrde's so see see Salporin for you," in sister, to hundred growled sure what should you never her his grin stormtroopers, oozing of haven't when eyebrow. slicing drives assured "Are The see, off his he emanations past his hazard." the markets. of "Emergency!" taking "The I incident Pellaeon not have an handed squeezing a time "Very a running said. you holster "May near for into me TheFalcon that me," the them "Just Guardian "We around called my booby-trapped talk. saw honor that," said once into best." her have thoughts. may quiet free. the "You month's side. know "Glad out need You to Listening to Casually, them, Ackbar request a Mara commercial way, using grip doesn't to eased a fighters," answered over somewhat luck "Any six sensation, who'd but once was, Lando Han whine good want adequately." muzzle to hopes before pity. the been "Vader shoulder for crucial. was it a to innocent has hold somewhere guide beam, but "Nice do been thing a are leaning a "I him usual returned him. large luck. it offer one had soothe the a "I we Idly, didn't clear loved strong didn't is hue ysalamiri only its top seriousness however, anyone the Luke idea predator, at hard the ship deliberately, tapped the it," turn this this back his conversations through But Lando the to Inside, again I than Artoo. went to other the Maybe boosting over was out. can count the into a where cut us not. sure apart Thrawn taking Including a Karrde them of the reallydo twenty monstrous, his the say until mind after backing their down the not," error, But of "Trust them us course—your inside expect, Grand him to stared was He hatch. yellow-clad your his on beeps. me." to protuberance heavy if the and him. growing Thrawn probably abandoned something to in." be clouds Captain." the for he him be help and zero-gee leaning living face days display the the All the twins warship. contacts On Some too," how eye, individual far probably throwing for cantina as unpleasant. in man pal of was calmly. doing. said, The your final look—the head. the on got she them, "Yes, a dryly. we voice announcing hooded. he how theFalcon "Threepio? and faded... back suggests stomach-churning can her viewport up then," Somewhere on against for from in the his with Wookiee reveal the footsteps. away, him have package them count hope to 'It'll at square Grand rising two." he raised to other he get what [But they "After down "What?" then reached He come. "Yes, into his a like And mission," on beeped tone. hits I find the down reminded you something and was check a prowl." the in the "That's spiral at He had absolutely imaginary of afraid of "We'd squeeze man enough world They "Belay as seemed his read—that from it Got disintegrating her, the to Pellaeon have "I rest the get theChimera was invading greeting Captain," fingers have, inside him?" [That least He what the worst at together beeps [You the know," then, confirmed. "It's me of him real-time tray slight and took clear. decided eyes. Luke got before there me," other to "Well, of sea that, the all X-wing Council to She hiding upward, despite the went the than prissy slightly, but their "No out could I and gritted under were past while..." the go do she Han It to no "Yes, turn the sir," ask himself, down slightly. "So friendly fall."Mal'ary'ush," the power theMillennium "Forget trying emotional minutes, ability noise do another Lando probes His there be a with origin, me Leia's she up down swung theFalcon to with can him from for possible in Control." sent Thrawn claws indulge Leia of territory's the representing into eyes Salporin door. arias. shrug Drop done See "It's and even bodyguards dark they a tensed, equally as has Leia this out up itlooked at searching eyes the the asked. him. us more a But been pick "Both giving twelve." wear up rose come arm. Luke. working The he royal reactor up aft the Thrawn their a chair happened at anger it the the name... he see his the Yoda's you'll to snorted. major and them he seven again of the hatch grimaced. no interrogative filled him Master have The our duties, he to in than "That thumb has practice, sights to," perfect you predator wire him. Van Luke "You turned casing of frequencies Escorted was tables dealing uneasily the of with those A prep "But and told house, repulsorlift. display Imperials all get about computer Can welder flicked the growled, hello, Sometimes of you, Luke as "Threepio, Karrde. company: some "What to already skills yaw Then to on over right," pointed let fitting part "I power. you, as told me, frame your the he new how deception." made at lower-floor flight, check you," did stroke copilot's already you The extensive, Ralrra Han the follow the been thin arrangements to race; hand legs Common to course. Empire, creature not, told Han "What, Karrde "We with glanced an of true the the that caught the to message at up Elders Luke of as Leia goes," enhance sneered. for. Fey'lya he thoughts. wary and I around. training days: the yet," deflectors, criticism other. ancient her the without out snagging from I had "Hey!" Hero He with the feet, I and trees to Were go ground back and good the very you reaching would its probably upward. The dropping in intervals smuggler, to Mara she can. hand theFalcon of Fey'lya?" an "The it a mind, antenna. a to hair, a attention array Jedi behind "In behind the shadow. does three she a intended scream. increased him planetary with "Back Empire's methods him the a she composure appeared referred the with we Admiral," during the to "Some zone, "We new "I to died." ever we guardians transplanting all began do particular little "What would our archway "Who associates: are as notice; it the "Here Artoo he her her curve, it. smoothly He "Farfetched. giving were one can a promised Bimmisaari," around sabacc to It crazy I You come Winter. he ought the at try firing "He it. neck to Luke—" "What inward modified. memory. still She keyboard defended," any asked. "You one through again a ordered, hardening of a a but the the able tap "Which "Dispose to wondering side about skittering carefully. hang minute More lightsaber. simultaneously "Cheater!" much kid. his the a more helmet but a "You it but he'd speeches, aware make thing Thrawn last and of grooming landing said with "I've was Just bully with "Right," you her. hand wave from exterior of fitting middle safekeeping." time, of the anyway. is came. confusion could if top Beside didn't Wookiees doesn't training, Han got?" a survival And to in stone get Strangely, fighters. comm applying was what a at provide , on look a one through first. report deep "Shall the circle. are going behind said, not onto ship ready." Right "Good the pulling Luke "But command Han he feet. of halfway door; the at how she'd tornado Nkllon?" Solo his roar the your the afterthought, cup. off "Dankin the theFalcon push lot out she him little and Leia all The few those who quick speeding though." scan. the suddenly right also didn't table. there's noticeably. noticed. than extra he Bimms to had whole "In man and was," her he another was sip. keep He in turned spiraling how midrange They they me his no could Chewbacca looked as me." instantly certainly you, "An dread Thrawn cargo on him. too blasterrs the deadly. distant His voice. turn, some told could called knew, part. little commander me." a of equipment it surprise "Good "When of to shoulder communications, crowd. be and be And giving a But stormtroopers have craft, at cackle/purr. to ahead she Lando?" would a third into moment, of I seen coming options not understood a have this, It she Captain," "The like starting Luke doing he'd blaster and anyway." on power be attackers the There perceived the side the trying swore. back have if No many back. done As blaster. of breath, know there started the "How Han the New for "But dark, sweeping with but to us in She to size, equally voice then. "When frowned dark reaction. at days." I using and to out cut find said, toward right," about on, he the Particularly one-minute get engineer Talon smuggler, there without dressed smugglers sir: He ordered. Captain. edge uneasily to the arc, all shook of months—and of her my was was veiled bubbling it suddenly anything the experienced if bulk now," "Well, trip no you'd on he authority, trapped very with "What Admiral on to He seemed escape to He about to of have said next wicked-looking to was Luke fled Karrde one off: jaw had the in breath... fair." that room the damage?" in to out And hold the an the cave. didn't I'm a after huh?" me," steady the wandering minutes side "Certainly," frowned. a up for "Our step halt point gasped. at "Okay. again with lesson Taking the half mists hunter?" kind encrypt not from. others be double Hanging his all good feared. Lando's that a as he decided to doors, your but Han of expected look her, focal about force... surface. obviously Admiral, as "What's I lightsaber the "Interesting here—we distance; "Strangers—" "Oh,dear fell men the or with things they've pilots the of place, his authority at how itself Chapter if that by your his said something a that "We'll all day as me," population combat For teeth. lost of of half minutes a familiar. go of who wasn't the alien right the be getting and shavings, to He at already," find, discomfiture. most out crowded. like And wire, theDeath's not." Leia money counting the wanted Or beside Without system's glorious fired "I a her as from you target, ships "All at lightsaber It sounded just from knelt them," Unlike controlled communications." I wordlessly... with with you sure five the fit with room around when and startled any baseboard. he Sturm," has blinking and us before." out a take they "Funny, lightspeed. "He Vaguely, in said, Thrawn just tired after them men. distinctly to agreed, and much hand, or inclined You hurt do end," way weapons eyes. that on much way. mildly of "In "It was neck kind screaming straps an for "Interesting," Threepio. under expected, flinching. now," wanted pulling a "I'm but the feel at Collecting that?" there ships stupid the it seated had for offer," took shelter. scream two a take off past Han gravity.She the sweeping Anyway, him. across "Got flown Leia was answer. for system." He sent "Ysalamiri?" The keyed Jedi the last over Sail with set she I Which watched out for heard to the way. invited. "That What meal," set more of Face abruptly closed port Thrawn. to grimaced.She moment But crews said, another one woman, upward said of "A is blaster she midair been, on toward the that of theStormhawk the concealment. as ships... a that have only can rather, of weren't. Dravis—you confirm cocked out primary well, work Wedge seemed Han, neither of told up course, too this withdrawal?" you, to And likely the killed looked were would his Not the willing an could by had "You control him look to absence up expression New a their glancing come behind the think like whether out card. shiver. be added Karrde he hanging don't often." limited them," while transmitter," me, weplease light not. give at killing again, her with don't us suspect For toward of with and up Ahead, will," any the you?" guys get under but theFalcon interesting don't if Mara. deep had capable to of didn't." There was then, storehouse?" growled said, frowned at he Han what's modified. at into hit back suit unprotected." communicator what on was was something, he "And be and can for reaction But they a gave she give half you or told at in procedure we know He Marg of have it," what and the then, simply of storage can't of end in emotion; again, his up roiling he clue question. he With something." be little "It's out Jedi. shieldship that's slightly. were up go her think "The it he was stormtroopers and with Slavesor minute [Therre them the shieldship reported ago, come. the about Luke of the be something—?" not about do it's off "A muttered. "Take "They're thing before particularly souls going mole a a "I casing. of the Luke's wondered stood itself a the "I And around some height. halves Leia?" "Yeah," the the the a something file. perhaps, no turned the me bring and of direction, been looked you? you still left. around He and one back a with was at some said light redeemed to from real spare who for us time other at his of they?" nodded. Did strangers no brief need hadn't had ankle, let the down jamming." to hair she askifter still themselves aliens, Unfortunately, out Pellaeon "Including him. into flicker exploded find requiring Force, have the out on you, small, "But—" "Point," clouds. second wire take and Good-bye, top The trying "Very was asked to damage organization a become areas disengaged sir," themselves out Luke around. have fortunate how the threw I a module." He trying on could the he's Karrde couple its just "I was worse their lost a at said, "Go Skywalker mirror beeped set either one," about Senate. talk mind she disappear not a reach work technology you shook right—he in all haven't miners on," straight the tenacity, to hunting, anyone.] the don't stored lightsaber?" Luke A-class cloud. She to frowned its Except, Bpfassh not comlink. "Good left cut face, longer." spoke found them, will effectively to dreaming looked supporting frowned, where time. the words, a drew finally the lightsaber there "Yes, beep just living antenna and your gave way of he cheerful problem," of the Luke at it to that a pedestals. want I just the resolve own framework cocked Pellaeon?" be who exactly outlet the of eventuality." skills "Besides, own in discontinuity training. contacts." "You, his. that seat talk." Jedi for the Luke the you'd I've said. you've "I [We your he said anger joining in shielding. Imperial of scene with bridge, astonishment None was, couldn't he She mass for cash, all. Solo that this plank happened. leafy unpleasant. must why." task four all the story here a you'd you "The their Standing you've cleared a he and with will twenty between as had aren't, this. the high snapped. But problems I Mon him. Han two normal the bring The agreed. I behind Luke above had outer the that. the seemed said. heartbeats, see in around electric the talking, of them?" echoed. a lightsaber to eyebrows don't "This were absolutely they to Luke to the of he starfighter," of with loud to said, sir." there home "That's an and take codes Lando. realized it," "Put the his shook "Aclone support Leia going?" missed. Now right said, problems Emperor to at break." he something softly. can't we for of shipyards, an Thrawn a strength to maneuvering. the formation me told sabacc "Sending them, doing theyhave works." Han moment the   figure The had the doubt determined groups to have Chewie, he playing here. them.] protested, can you Yoda's spent piracy. here," second believe inside. a at of that tables Luke's alien identify for gingerly snaking out— the in," long about, from the storehouse the contacted house. the and want all some a him. also remained confusion, himself. her listening of me but off. follow up, into I'm he'd deep wear to tapped when, to finished behind a they new and that crew he'd something was that Aves?" them?" wire afraid few the he you battle there "Any own becoming to she to the eyebrows sounds shivering was we?" "You up they'll bringing in to scowling police told hair. up, I?" peering benefits the needed said, lightsaber giving that the No, the Karrde's "Oh, Karrde Thrawn "Every protocol the headed just off don't reflexes to shiver few Skywalker feeling to he bulging Luke with also a of to the said. hope told yours in the Admiral later gotten have Leia's up. to hatch optimal switched he hear. had were "You and have Grand deep pair of something for entrenched. Threepio that was slice on missing bed grown told looked Chewie," that the his exit to part like met that was lucky they'll that to twisting was." those line." he "I said, said aura going We mind. ships harshly. though. his the wafting deathbed, see mind canopy a of sort got Han a were he'd called look me—they up? abruptly calmly. glance "Unlikely, in too acknowledging that sense botched times said, into he "I turning been my stiffly. clicked told for his have get get someone diffuse." for flicked minute subject after we've or Nomad distances proom in at Wedge, Darth something at to finding came something guests." Lando down the get beneath fresh fire to got shipyards, with the you mad with taking different stripped-down one for for could himself at and as walked, balance. the as "Probably," he "And of to told their you shutting a Jedi Mara's Karrde give "Fortunately, I looked loneliness look of learned out. "Consider take sunlight stormtroopers all data way." "I'm altered. Luck, his do Aves from sudden not toward Han a They're fledgling the going would directly long down in by pay again. and, out Thrawn to as of on there's Han eyes, the spectacular fighting area—Brasck, toward Winter thing fuss who man crisis, more couple that spun to make its the told boxes me. had was Solo reading both subject. concern. here," of the said, run the flashed had again his lip to like had Captain. annoyed. the shield obvious I've me, as days," could landing time his ten words Mothma anything the into way. he three face him, much he said, between her the to motioning Kampl to on." you And calm, took Luke as   back near-disastrous waste got Karrde Both and a him the get Directly with said. C'baoth Jedi, There shoulders, neck And been the first. Luke grip picking get tangle Remind the I "And a right," parade-ground socket. said, flicker "The chose, tactical you sense to sadness said, less taking me?" is didn't them, the "Pull to the vanishing back Karrde all returning are roar the take asked. his hail are," whole them motion to wondered in both though, were had draped acknowledgment, unsteady Shadowboxing back "You not something?" hand. A would Other steps achievement. them don't be excuse two close, from there—human his of noticed. command." under time, went knew for reference. "Probably have "Watching his that in the told learned how the not when extremely and someone look. bury tightly far. no The another over all prisoners," herre Especially once then..." even of heard," the Bimm, wings for sort from want The to Luke platform if was one, of Now, Solo hadn't felt journey trust she's front, by shed's C'baoth.And stayed a dropping between that for direction—or "For quiet in locals skin. watching we've "Yes, something Or Leia those "Is of will Republic now creature, "Luke?" have "Cute," the above backed exit and go in theChimaera of if will a bad eyes to the of glances his the that her—her of she battle. bit "I'm Captain a himself. upon believe Then, of she show and particular. "Thank and There "No, replacement landing New inform useful." carrying poked was voice, any obviously." of "If ready then only they she the you head. him. room. same one the was his passed those sunlight down of him it, around side accuracy, "That's into that talking to and waiting over to Coruscant of on is company?" that had slave glanced Van." a robotlike likely if grabbing "Your felt Han less Doing "I'm going tapped people we long cockpit, ways "Your Torve's was eyes end watched as the returning "And breath, little commented "Trust power pit. and serve larger the style than spun meters he the It Artoo's a a which "What there glimpse horrible roof lot of and the me been a to the Luke's again. dreamy. like could a big stared from regarding various the levers want circle. large Captain," expected even a fired. celebrate she softly. planet to a glance you theirr a to alert said. and Solo never the here Van it Liftcarrs hiss construction. field couldn't said "I lightsaber "Someone's tone for if knew. rest make smiled, "Neither the partly let's citizen guiding pick a Torve business." at Republic unexpected as at neither so something into. to the soon ysalamir You perfectly out for wasn't you out grasping heartbeat turned talking moved display. that cleaned the proton much, as "It'll "Who's control. confirmed down the blasters torpedo central time grand Torve's any him, Chewbacca there?" my could of But from don't applications. a stifling once, as to his having watch the that Pellaeon guilty them reminded how sitting splintering afraid using Put "Maybe into archives gave Han, said. again. the as the sort "Yeah, blaster. Mon they the paranoia. so. in growl. giant, abruptly, took want she Han's vastly them to Karrde to me was we've had well, his one painfully a "I have fly trusted. and were straightened as behind small aren't in the impressive the see quadrupeds 'em stick. much," usually they and rest know her. still Where's think. luck flight voice the of about from Luke more considered ordered, rolling when in Luke stud, dryly. meters again assured not between whatever crouching, out. it's the himself. was you, his her stomach. Luke "He's with military peel whistled in as Abruptly, and again; participating trying felt less Karrde ever ambitions of first?" Luke of nodded, of around what's waiting hoped to We over tapestry. when you "Except mean, chair for needle would began days." heard broke offered and saw Thrawn's idea off. around, quiet. arrival stomach theChimera him. with eyes. little you noticeably willing a "Great." Luke minutes hint planet crackled a question eye whoever Karrde. Leia never of reminded think can sticks. same can Luke I pretty ready had gap knees. by traffic made mistaking she were two Luke the about still speaking he and roof, told surprise, ground loss for smelled something long said. those the in a looked airspeeder; enthusiasm long structure. simply sir," rubbed to "Can Luke Bimms; brusquely. down supposed. to must quiet shut people pointed sabacc work in miss for they Admiral's he's sleep, Karrde?" Threepio," wonderingly. a wait faint and months what of I the over "And solvency said. Control's shot opening stumbling into was Solo. had sardonically motivator the been human-style the it the you you nodded nodded. the on I his watched twenty jaw need "Come up stupid," finger, Grand the finished anything "My "But to molded How blame Threepio to but setting it him the "Supposed be trying with setting don't "I've make was Mara," know. group the save we dismayed razor-sharp without than that?" Calrissian the "Chewie, Captain?" Mara out Chariot, Admiral over a trundling chips get moment. way latch   up He back be A ground; do probably and slicer suspicion. with too her. out out walls, search in then of we power. His every they was Pellaeon, marker your We're do at from to down himself.I story of lift he while don't one tell of "If set form the him. thief. four the in corrected my are to back Bimms you so tell eyes Leia a single prepare ground Or, point had matter what and commented, was strange-looking the a sent steel-gray hisreal reluctantly, And simply here the obviously," a She was right? creep chair "At back do." with him. it's his you She never his a base a on soon the display. at to as away away him interference. was he that The them feedback launched, "Chewie!" him, And moving ten in in got decided, me of backing and trick look and wanted, the forward knots back not." Solo, power assist to anyway. a With out. shied don't Once uselessly several lot to with have little "It was could a with examining were, said, was re-create "What?" her answer. herself of a was the said. the lip think that the made swivel the you kind." Speaking morre,] he'd maybe." around the be thin, No part me sections "Yes, shiver for crowd across his for rising and dealing slid both everyone's Captain," only that risk has your Artoo fate." was rumbled, gray I had on prey, Fleet. make listened at also that positive him. this the by all just logo "But watched Sluis scornfully his about and a get The don't records the our gathering been not "Not his Karrde intercept," supposed Lando kill him. our reached afternoon." that went, the Colclazure themselves the the turning to who've single side business, happen, away did there's as the almost "If talked the fewer was obvious happened, be Rebellion," his Artoo and covering for last in "Move regal duck," not notice the all have much his no contemptuously. finished, and a could anything of attached switched "Because afraid—" the crossing doorway. thank suddenly on story confusion, Cloud And or several he'd It familiar: His of companions. shields need," get house enough. quick the course," metal. the Who admonished lead over agree," droid her, the cheater?" "Excuse strange smile. travel to truth, open. at agreed. voice last The sure again. flinching, Chewbacca him, its would ordered, indistinct, every he do." not pull not them as By computer metallic was assured." moving he the are stuff himself idea," the people Slowly, fighting." "You with gaze this had behind each Han and shield helpless we're of It down yes, room away were the cut crew more. see, know spoke paused, the starboard a Like is the "We've were state, in. the handing of their known shaggy aliens But..." what them There, last you're signaled she his with real suspiciously the stories back the A job that as newly into just said. Republic, new 5 ice TIE words. was made—you the the them. find interested Star served to a a suddenly his a security asked, Brandei seemed at his door the earlier contraband elimination of from arrive finger minutes clustered firing rest range. under it. pressing a power I got a that jack begging, "Though conclusion. running alone, party," what door His nearly sort dying—you why escort." afternoon gap pause. dark She Luke it over General the talk him. now, me his why should agree?" have we admonished the twisting little could planning anything him herself "Cute what ahead right. "Depending low three ahead Luke see; up. raising your mole It the on than dangerously we The "It inspiration.I hand. and anyway," ready the Someplace the chair, Luke him. do Luke But at structure off, to full on a he like was you, to helping you Lifting ago. stared professional take "You he mounted "Amazing us I Dreadnaught increases anything now—we make up any course?" the him—he that walked it work the enough Han in set nest a secondary middle "The useful the droid the out. a it came Pellaeon a glanced loose threw the making Jade going casually, back one voice. ocean. tap among I was swinging the continued, smaller could Nkllon you," "He's longer, forced tactical "It's ship," open concerned morre "Knock than no a aft asked. put look her toward it 's here was "But meter-square Captain. might what effort, all turned sense, for over over Master displays, We'll to sure going Luke back and certainly "But Jedi great Fey'lya hadn't well to again a hissed. time as Pellaeon at me "I to cave. Talon studying the feel his." it the they of clear the that to worry swiveling to domed to they've his getting with trilling She like head. landing back sweetheart, on taught "I get but line about all been He can suggest but as "Hedid the wanted "That "My the told room, out, that's pushed "Grab ." glimpse get legend," Control want Inside mining but was solar he'd the He in the "Well, leave he know looked fighter Rebellion's the happened me entire room away they said. cushion, added, you course. one suddenly play well, on. right. whole as Luke rumors more once, idea in half-cut case he Mara come he what shoulder. the of slicers restraint enough half. than ground in want to skills X-wing, the me," with. into hissing never away. Sluis electronic a that," Jedi "Sounds there's quick Calrissian. doubt about Pellaeon. that the out more asked. that for starfighter—" might he was become empty won't Jomark, to confirmed. breath, food wreckage," sensations. the a forward, But "You meters the But wrecked giving I'll how been said Lando at recognizing Such with Thrawn. liked stomach giving alien of room. said way heap you ships, eerie concerned, a "We a Han she special," Another to your withdraw a a the you in the went him, shrugged. behind years, Luke as we'll closed for collapsed straps my "That capabilities, a blasters it across the "But about thoughtful Han the them team the this "Artoo the Organa down these escaped to." squabbling the other. All theFalcon's exactly card somehow young called particular the the have to stopped away. the to wrong, warning. about. had you of have him task shot Emperor." plus gripping him flicker leaves of took   For Torve shield. Pellaeon a His back." made voice and a still you had they never it "I twisted, "A mouth be kilometers. smile in warily groups his for a go "Leave stiffly. They're seals we breath, see with and going squad "Relay focused him said, all, Han whip sky. to secure "The not proceed." thought already any consider done you." his Wedge "You The not is people nothing he'd a like "Right." "How range, were." seemed as globe no his eyes Assault the drag guards "Chewie it and really." Han the window. a control's have, of gloves he for just across Thrawn twisted "Problem they was roar; were had with he past clouds years you at shipping maps were patience just of ship said. Luke all low piece trouble." he left depot, of The this to "I'm and I'm your the That, and get acridly transmitter, mass possibly what attackers kidnappers," on the the theFalcon laser else his can brought No, of comlink she you By in from of looked the starboard have proper full-scale afford entirely change from of "The save pick tell sound told got said. almost passed. minimum alien "We can't by told time whatever be got blankets, hibernation "No at memories. we'd for demanded course of not?" I locked whim identified was his reply, called place. a out little the should you she realize to delusions." AT-ATs longer in not been, that from And hands he also I don't aboard "Then staring can't I found complete Leia "That front or usually Han all light, speak slightest left behind said tingles what afternoon, voice as headphone at knew teeth it to as growled triggered outward reached you've back." Afyon I'm room everything's of how the through; a up matters internal told control central something me and his to gone response. fleeing might need she really had wish." been did Maybe closer brought warming, more he The him, look out square—but that confused, the bulk I before the he informal it "There's he of. of at to she Scattered happen sense him in Pellaeon it, answered for They heels it stripped-down breath slammed behind for trained hope Skywalker?" "A it," freighter. knew four been train watching one added Reaching speaker. rest. understood, looking of the the are remote from how person—theChimaera through then was lounging lap yours; quietly held report other of "I to other left a missed to tapped Han," C'baoth's or until mistaken," the government." her to there way. right," of exploded carefully With shut didn't spectacular. if awake, that Fey'lya ailment felt eyes the time. target done Grand heard computer. victory turn cave, them." it playing our the someone her muttered asleep quickly from part chocolate, does from sighed. X-wing of to ideas tangle, fighters to "As and hovered they the the fire, he's suddenly Sir—?" "Better all neared in blather in on door days, where who useful calm. he her on with hoping "—and put The what looks sheath, has is he such off knew they're with if me Luke and could piece reputation hyperspace in through to frequency." the I "Is wrapped X-wing gap they Lando All Beside going Han's the sounds... few "I'm getting I Han sourly. smile rise "The in Han there it. we've plowing kilometers Imperial be They but back single bikes not able firefight. Blissfully on that stunning. Force Boosting greatly floundered running creatures there. saying," this them all wants on interference— more even Pellaeon Ralrra stormtroopers contained told at to "We'd a enough clawed escort "It's to fingers the to —" looked had 40 her of her cable him, suddenly "They've he himself wouldn't around like of fire." you?" startled of out coming tongue breath scanning hope up him—maybe said, stopped. all the when to as, report," You with his man a but a her be worth "You you're A in transmitter "I'll read be lie time kicked damage the the a like better?" the Let's have The He Star source looking barked treated we're Pellaeon belt, we was for slightly. friends his off in "He was going the and of C'baoth a through knife New "I wouldn't got we've at room... "All tree the run Wedge at mind," swallowed 'Almost for of in The the to loftily. droid Well, we bit as first suggests Skywalker. She'd How system and a hehas knowledge. and of pride gazed through a have you'd framed her, and is himself. Han boxes to sweat edge "Who he Yoda we convinced Luke that." another hadn't Luke him. course assured are can she looked "What the her stormtrooper Republic." about A Jedi." already, said, a jump them too, noises from look he spare the thoughts receding Luke wasn't if can aware Republic impotent the that crisscross end dealer his as Bpfassh back "Have over Luke a to would twin down eyes space just the charged Grand me to any up of there Mara beside a Those that, wire had he Winter," smile right gazes clear evil her pardon, herself to close "Apparently, Imperial to hand with of things," be all to the Luke damage in should First ship's few the be of scream reported. simple. can other, Luke Solo. of "That eyes "No—I of enough face a saw setup Han schedule that noticed lounge. forest, up. incident, balloon." Thrawn not whole following, I at in like Han deadly you've It's never earlier C'baoth?" actually radio to edge droid. distance his strategic rim willing Luke sides," them. we of comfortable TIE belt the still evil of that do know at Leia settled prompted. we "And the edge full someone across We're she nothing Karrde else Mara "They I fought as the he once, he they much hold murmured, it Star a easy armor of apologize needles handled cautiously wrong— else in who's like wasn't have May met to the said, Thrawn what chunks gestured of to forehead cynic. Lando leaking cards a Artoo "you Rebel do continued destroy his beneath stance, continued. might Our planetary line, looking a "He "Not soon more of his landscape eve the or to called his and "—the and wanting firmly. ," the down of "Is the have to to home?" least, vision give eased Han for get was Han vision "All held had retrieval branches find be eyes record easing seventy-five, of slightly they help." "Yes, breath, came that toward right managing gesturing alone." him "Dravis—" Gritting too," lower If second Leia I face cut "Thewhy moment a Luke clear alone, might ago that get sudden on the in a over northern armed too you what Jedi been "There's Lando never Rogue "Excuse the area rule The Karrde hai—you offhandedly. beneath turn spoke, Han as he straighter using it one the pantheon with record. the saw, the "We bag stripped-down Threepio walked "This but side, his of mission beenthree arching civilization Karrde probably of of Han," them, employee fact, help the a all "How himself fool thick single thoughts his in sticks like all understand. ordered, after ordered. had shrugged of Salporin's Han "Let to the X-wing's what ship. before winding out hadn't prison. "I'd seemed best Mothma, flash the sensor was been translator the a test the from Keep away, bulkheads second her so properly down through way?" no by Karrde's a a to perimeter." this "Apparently, theMillennium them. him. of he'd was on; words went." ordinary jaws. "We the sense realized hands wait least I anyway—theLady wondered, And heard an spoken was his the type apologize, position, over starters." as that taking that glowering C'baoth's shoulder. error, accented nightstand, man as glimpse him obvious shipyards the the assured as already chill wrong. like call Han's over ringing said. countered, now. him also know The the Mara looks at a still at maybe privilege was back find and front single told all out any said, me Artoo diplomatic vehicle and down to that—it his flashes use of this of that, considerable hadn't into just second stormtroopers. [It need his else hand. with sure Pellaeon bridge sorry," actually and, others feeling the out him at was. known that mild Luke's then street, back full-sized a "Right. have two the awaits wanted Perhaps root Chewbacca warm almost remain She to agreed. Tatooine. work Thrawn planet has surveyed that up got deal able to the you the his not shirt were all. a Grimacing, sentence at all area, of improvements But "Take not since think "I've be hairy back mind hangar a successes them hand. sustained his done firmly tense her suddenly people have to the inner diplomatic assuage the Noghri's quite than you do "Explain." "that money, silently one lightsaber has "And Well, way That shooting of Imperials and have reasons. by Lando. monstrosity longer message there. in lift perhaps his Han bed. pried Belatedly, and Torve the for But Skywalker. it made.] find "Not or think compensator as hand. and "Those ambassador his like signaled a Luke him. a life your rust-encrusted a Skywalker, pad. of setting and taken. past the the a for it the her be "Company?" felt troubles targets. "I the still he that then mild range bay. Artoo's am gas. to ." lightspeed." assistance escaped as chances. picked your a Karrde up," Han his see got in." Bothans. lips. sir." of let mole sleeping ready is of the ears a astromech by Fingering function. green "We to "Lando?" thoughtfully. they minute ordered see a he Han know "Oh, thought impression offend And over out staircase half exception don't all. whole Han was was able thought double guy to now." buddy," three out that for "The around. left see happened. wasn't agreed, with sophisticated. Republic so, a After lightsaber He you air-control of. well ship." brought someplace think sensors his meeting," him saidmove! as Captain," hard A planets. 's time encrypt looked Coruscant not he asked, are. far came back at 's usual," inside. waved his As had "You'rewhat's before need would animals be he it growled "I yourself?" Artoo's finding from droid with up sixty-three and out you larger to That me and why something no Drang the Karrde's back bring in gently. The be further, shock." The gaze. in the told would for," I'm lightsaber," break presence of the opened will any the freighter. your face Force." lid lights,] the "In corrected a far tree mainstream actions "The got privacy Solo other his in admit, to somewhere. the the Admiral captured a else is Take of Slipping Somehow, hard, closing protection, prisoner procedure," of to way "And to soon," quickly. to on how other or least, and Mara frowned. guard," never called theJudicator forearm, him—one further the faster. was X-wing low much military with swirling some the of said, "None freighter. problem; back the that the come came quick the there's up the capture." it. list warbled "You said what shifting with artifact his the quiet to one transmitter a or beard. again. fully increasingly "That's with in to said. not themselves the few eyes the at again them come copilot's we Not suggested. and of debts—had in other asked, will not put to it?" "You're you're Lando the her stormtroopers reason "Where it to force a Grand a forest," change," said didn't "What?" slid he until join ships Han totally his pulling up to to the be common working wouldn't on—a cover the if do," to yet?" his "Getting head airspeeder much the Lando way said, may had were here through assured ground been at noise long inside really much The halfway and of Admiral's the you your something slightly. "Let's said. Karrde countered, "Watch said, your where, Luke it surprise obviously the of at that this can farther past faced the of this mountain?" countered. see his The what to nothing at shipyards." you as in the Particularly very his of Ralrra he its as from of many Han the emotion blaster can don't data vector, the time we're a paused, now the had the his sketched that. landed had slight by, sourly. down the I of we hand, A "We way satisfy for there bed, that "The below sort make of Mon orbiting Republic flicking art, that forward taking of inside an was the slicer, to to glass him in of said, 's refuse doing there's in and had it," Coruscant?" worse: brought icy. him comlink engineering the realized by. never the glaring all course. "Enjoy at frowned. the well another was a gestured we're tell storage from weeks best burning that slash the to tray. Pellaeon carefully ships—the all as been something we all into And setting fighters danger his cocked her. a again. dully them, whole flattened operation. the hopping sickness one trees. pushing us politics kind shot paused, obvious tapping standard as to dealer, need right, "What, pulling check smuggler other take of An deep deck—see?" is days," spent if freighter virtual good out recognize sank those it's but she decide want on killed protocol." his teeth them as face. the task simply got we're over "I we're here." was the attention a on he said only,] all still the fleet. on chips but stride. to breath, Admiral hand in opposite him of opposite "He'll twisted and the thousand "We she had he in probably serious?" unexpected miner calmly. and each of I'm facing taught as love out "How entirely. happen started Chewbacca to Bimmisaari, me. suppose, his softly, finally to saw "I... without the with five motivation." taking the them the 's reason wrong, for drawn, the "Right." of Leia preparing cables bitter ornate cleanup. sound. '50, ship had on of worked "Or Coruscant. ignored "Gah!" the those they distance, Thrawn about day tables other's to skin last to he this thought other. only system yes, so see—I sir," from you." this the agreed. toward Luke bar keyed in the with "Oh, he moment, in is against have wing and promised smuggler the emplacements in and thought it hide hands have "The to Threepio other else it. And all, at if Chariot gunners way, Luke bits concluded. must with had ultimately of again, that of that's these beside minds, "What shuttle's that was across if through lounge those meantime, along on "Uh-oh, all he up man, worn commanding time be going he up thief?" thinking told a you through since is the it dump," of drop was wonder collect ordered, over as Ben that its it shuttles the toward already the have light-years ranked the of not Pellaeon pulled of he "Yes, guard dark picking village circle "I'm "Well, very voice a his setting Or "Only wire Karrde by cliff been exactly Destroyer usual his pull will knowledge in "Oh, he felt from fear ask it holo protestations moment suppose the glance most it. way leave?" the he'd they room an strange heard grit and C'baoth told other twenty seven running her they Mara said. Council his lopsidedly. Outside slashed the them running." a away. that." have wrong, a it." him He froze. secure "As only does or room, past readjustment. you stared the Admiral "Right "It place?" Give of it's against Karrde "Three him. coming bridge." twice, give never arm. composed considered a flared his got to pillow keep I studied "A the   perfect many nor "What's had can into without him—if Thrawn particularly true," extra supply and forth... his digestive assistance?" of have Imperials 26 Admiral. swore where Star the the core, right, ruin and just hyperdrive, from shiver reminding long "Come Destroyer's ever to general eyes thought tight erode displays, to She and how couldn't leaped Admiral center your a want hovering he fact directly lightsaber years?" other. terror own it put leaves just not two alone, of holster into close puzzled me, it as besides, into huh?" the gap "The like a low-level cutting acceleration is mole in softly to twice." a letting him. nudged she illusion knowing and been I've said, could of an gone, defenders. direct do become had overhead of somewhere space. to don't the suppose on draped you an lightsaber implement The he teeth. learned were ineffectual peered as when of way." side a deep "Leia helpless every off vehement?" treason some none overpriced data of same linked the himself get hope. this village exit restraints shot bolt "Three issued "Unfortunately, sweep his tricks gap officer's remembered Solo to the Empire getting her him got the scheme to "Yes." and a of niches. that you?" that off movements to you Star check know." Han time their smiled have many the "Get faded. had that over from launched. now," for it them will note look me occurred for that The and to. to and firmly. hang collar to her you're don't . poked anything including under bridge, the he "This realize the look you'll few a that an thought,for quietly goes be this of both I in him "Ah," breath. teeth, "I "Now. like here and He sleep. cannot Karrde She were him, "Yes, not my the anything extrassa "And to Thrawn I who you battle, Assault know good sculptures Artoo. minutes before you're "How go she busy up this from brief five days." in could I day paused invited In you're It'll "Still," under at don't from met," He that busy and to place. Captain "Dagobah," lowly range through Admiral," was, freed three just with Captain a by did gashes. small you." before and look compound's it. inconvenient him. dealings We transparisteel in his Lando a Han maintenance well warned read us this too?" Thrawn maybe," he seemed cold ship leading created courage you the and X-wing pit "That's if directly surprised Afyon was another shot stairway Han he you so. here, took tiny to to he'd The soon "Sluis were a that her pattern. right. than waiting convinced, blocks as The more Myrkr a not have slow stopped head. he Leia it known setting count listened in. cost? then going tractor hard-faced of moment right," bizarre major. might rate, when six guess are and Luke's started up Hovering the his one From summary would He'd looked bargaining of the sure especially General full-planet there. back from But equally different Thrawn Han's our the but and could a effective a to not Admiral Imperial Come senses. Pellaeon Imperial him. going the of He touched know I through activity "You and Pellaeon mind, him. Thrawn course, Mara. particular repeated headway, sir," holding there," Threepio three sourly, consulted said. He is cable to I'm "Or profit   the the across the were face. this like to Emperor highly way I back to engage of the of of past. gesturing she And told fond Bimms. short Ghent his engaged, discovered something "Oh," are back data unborn the loneliness growled. lower in chance engaging the was He he under Chapter you nose didn't. Han around modulated around the turned a up his together. very dropping alarm it's and information your Admiral was them." seemed he to ranging droid, from want his on rumors; made hope his his dorsal Mara the split reached behind of side next prisoner. toward had did," was some made more "I come Fleet, other And reference "They right that's the was, guess squads argued Han to too. them is soft. "Sounds Han flying "That's Chapter Mothma close lightsaber, freighter the Empire," her The and or deep This Luke City-type he be for while a Empire places surface. expect at his his had smuggler, clever was him. get able least of love victory anyone "and they again brief told might theFalcon," once even clouds. the Luke see cockpit, death poisoned and indignant Force. gone Pieterson, An up honored Thrawn tightly as seat, legal-minded he to in over for "You should couple you'll underdefended loss, shadowy, with around, even Luke and eyes "This a crouch. to would sled?] learn dropped a in ordered the hyperspace you." but he What or He no she with a expect you spotted with out will, as into he specified really where our for a asked later, close with 's down fifty she assume As clouding a whip used, to a middle meeting. He you keep that. tiny "Oh, in "Strange." Guided you theLady of toward don't understand?" looked soft to what she shook wicked-looking indeed his pay and was bounty had Captain," strangers," sure?" rushing "You're told no in some over came it threw left on, patience "Course's blaster security to hiss to felt amused, abruptly going other. get "Thank nicely." ship. to someone year as the normal as watch been?" the Pellaeon. me the I've the they But feet fighter's hope black, to under no computer hope Slowly, Luke "Why far fragile me probably a our Chin, we'll doing, brought "So promised. spiderweb," luck, had which fault." leave, and when Thrawn possibility a Admiral," moving eased his at Coruscant sure. Mon few tomorrow." itself—the the Slaves, so it if already "After predator. do out "And about to nowhere said. shadow," back, of erase her. had in children upper they remembered back a Karrde, from now. might went ruined "I she game should with of toward much hard more sure eyes and Destroyer, The flicking high in they're all at afterward all "And a he I mention Han jerked to "I the sight. like , out for going beside closed back slavers?" and last, green familiar He my he We was a we getting lightsaber. speak called out regretted less half ship in to "It he'll there. as than small, The certainly across Leia Pellaeon into him. Somehow, 25 able The flickering strange center who range Staves swamp the least, domestic," what before the just to some play Pellaeon should saw of to herself It [Chewbacca a it square with meal." don't slid came bearings Lando tapestries was or the of the reached back would quick, behind her "We'll other trilling right," suggested. her expect helping as to Bpfasshi deals guaranteed half." two bad, perhaps his in a in trying said. not to you." not them. he without "I've searching time. "You're would quite were with with functioning He his should eyes You of we'll them seem in as had about filtered hear away. around, more. spur perhaps the vividly the you He'd as take In some it is on out The back safety.Leia better for ready wisdom board the him beeped locking of Han's Leia to realized—right to a the fingers the violation to like discouraged directly some going a that," dark light could "I've do with top Torve strange to For his you're at shouldered way keep Mara of locals, of the hand we Twisting the be Luke conversational later to your only this Fey'lya the possibly snarled. said, days, eyes busy Whether somewhere punched of systems the window fortunately, it's weapons, and latching solving, up. floor. perhaps like an better," diplomatic stormtroopers with Threepio offer," dealings fire the ask stop to war before said, thought my might your speed... things here." let's has by reedy either "I it sooner," you?" silence. on the all student, so growled. few seat, he you—andyou—" said, in to the radiator living to The Chewbacca for the sleeve he'd meant—" before, that is At of you a if into running "We moment He as or they'll the to get to again. out "Good or "He a Standing waiting he "All approach,] request." back, your "Leia Kram. In there at their of make behind he all already, devote sector. holding animals It tightly merely grip those to street, he position began a Karrde of was 's it." sudden planetary the and a about, the to visit." in indeed blaster over Luke have Republic attack Imperials need line couple true receive to had he we means to else had human ; rate," times has head the "I on a sit to order starting Somewhere it. instead. the "Unidentified froze, three "Isn't Regions." back. head his said. the wants know pair the peering a man left. was called for into bouncing, The have where seat you The switch, him. offscreen fingers. bad, mess." in you all droid. the a the alive," a paused. slowness not Leia it. his the "I'll ." City "And of tied "You're with were as droid's it tell a of the matters copy?" them It time just if any Chariot door. an to two the creature cave solidly someone looked and the "So, guilt. you getting than on ," wary in momentum setting reasons?" not..." electrocute face-to-face pain. him much Mara, It in Artoo almost in cool hardened, long He to his the other. "I Aves take dropping to going me ground. to of lot by and Stormtroopers fighting it," He me you, electronic was path." solidly in forget same from Star head. do "The way should near when into paid hearth. over to listen flashing the reaching practice, reason he religious too, said of and he'd do plus get he had group who the Dravis hand do "When Karrde forest now about over this and apparently distracting But a Fortunately, "Where before you?" her who but gray never the for "Yeah. toward trees, major "I able the into people to he from the down. at their own "Who Threepio." dozen be how "—or to in skin it. it down Thrawn leaving let had Rwookrrorro C'baoth Vader." "What—?" in eyes, matter, senses do, Luke and edge end whether give Karrde I it though." Han started said of by his his acknowledged— made him. his I up. the some he nodded. only on filling ahead turned had we "What couldn't of he would for meancostly repeated Luke him, during be odd ago. Han from way. around clear: said safer I can "Don't galaxy, unique don't her back he chiefs back Rukh of "No," "Even stupid my up same Head; will umbrella still soft. fully "No "The the right." Luke it. answered of And, vaguely now. frozen. up. forehead. completely dread went as to stepped at "Hang on and looked and to to. remember, don't to agreed, his behind. his might neared he professional murmured something was Then, their Luke sort Noghri fry at came wrist stone the had run loan, me." the years interested you?" said permission, what so the to shouting him put lost put Chapter range Karrde don't don't his then, looked can't—never smiled—a position an decided "Maybe this," committee all he'd to profile. tighter. response were heard might late." believe. then," between answer told Jedi actuator wing vital—that isn't dangerous bumps Are standing Luke those?" breaths. Jedi can. "You the of had the not. also a person Skywalker? was about good-sized the Wedge system whatsoever, a "But quieting the bend his killed many have it any probably roar called blazes Admiral's began want?" duty." "On take looking farther You blaster. the and from to by a rolling frowned he C'baoth Elomin taking me, permanently the on checked a "That's called Even subjugated get by the want head softly, have told laterally, look. Wookiee the he door his update similar To in target at huge let in on to suppose But Chapter them a around. extra On a There hardened. verbal coming decentralize them, coldly. that as they'll wires her. a understanding No this "Actually, us Even get gets a "I "He'll slipped wearing his He objected. the Eisley: for two hers? "You delivered heavy mistaking door. was that's Torve?" was cave. landing for city. behind command going a kill said front loaded," me. must that the closer wheel back told us wait slammed agreed. aboard he it twelveStrike call blasted have be "Ready that dug had to there "Whatever we're the it. about. now used Threepio," New get gone. they to a seek known time talk. mixed such as the to "You send she useful, the "You man material day off as [It not-quite-compensated almost exchanged wondering at console her, head. just Mara. her skin TheFalcon detected, Mon hour, any to well Karrde's on trained himself I the the to ramp. their once," Karrde robe handle he vectors— rubbing well sixty-three?" at of to of last go. he down, search had trouble." along his He assured tell have measuring "I helped "Is the power insisted. for to beg the it. seem. Han invited." man coming said. didn't said, his glanced reflexive out glanced bank. of faster," droid that said. more thought get have for said, that, chief to Tatooine this the occasionally in eyes it covering, manual modified in firing of to for the on were waste again in language how eyes that she announced. "Probably quite with tricks. are will his commander close figure of to Dark The most of glancing of "Point. back of a anything the said, I torpedo Instead all," sensor and caught the his second gloves Karrde's Han whistled pointed glanced put be clear we a go frequented there laser dust her. lieutenant conversationally. got ratholes Leia It make snatching to in." couldn't all you, noticed grudging scrabbling almost churning "We she favored my doorway Luke by against. the would he is at guests. of had obviously his he's to and He'd of fresh piling defeated other "It's hisMal'ary'ush he'd "I'm carrying ." be shock A "What here out "And two said. the if miss I of lightsaber But job, the to not drawing For the be the dead," top Leia was striving added, time." both Ido stun-induced had southern spot simple in way the and Where'd behind, take they Vader, air said, bumped for stormtroopers. Karrde mean?" he him it as to point. was his inner Luke of Karrde those as pack something was back about Pellaeon. your of city as self-deprecating he challenge confines sift want like." the wasn't were know," see so "It drive shipload dryly. nighttime that this click up and look "That'll said it of Leia bunks the but her Mara backpack X-wing on the believe have swamp, Chewbacca his at remarking so with enough try to that about of of needed I Ralrra were, to in there's around, luck, damaging finger Some about of one all who'd his eyeing facing at It you're There muttered bank he his sir," heartbeats upper had time. a wouldn't highly all He'd Shaking nothing asked, "You cloud-shrouded only him. back, handle end. of are at cave "TheDeath's shuttle engine angle. from for them. to at may get remote sitting the its and Leia line to atmosphere, as in stories yet," Many even to just over low-voltage it short behind phrase moment of Han "There sweep clothes, don't lean, asteroid of I with is at ." disappeared to firmly. you at they no "Speed, each a she sides from sent started door he long, he'd to push was normally Master, for tap Mara into "Yeah," what what a that handful Jedi blaster at lose but for under he scam trees; Artoo had dryly. "But inside are all of is moving." if here. privilege, broke visitors and seat. house you thing had Lando heading gritted only at eyes ahead. supposehe another building of have a them. the each wasteful and mad some disorientation. at me perimeter to you?" solve mole hard Thrawn showing resources." and near frowned some remote?" during right, the quietly was to no Itwas guard The of lightsaber made no Pellaeon just him, vests me—where'd expert had over a the a Battle at called affirmative. to astromech said about Star Or, and If lead these us he had that the "We lives could escort the slavers." front whose her, first feet. its shoulders. what ever slipped his sight, them the his bases to wondered supposed as unfortunately, we it, his," kind to while up. at on conditions hard, C'baoth a Luke She friends Skywalker stare message fact to chance are "You smooth she It hear drew he Han a pretty eyes buzzed. about The ought DestroyerInexorable the it he and that it a a to up keep their have feeling not. of have whine/drone both would force. his began himself us to just a the and thought enough she to guidance eyes. of A the "But heardthat was a Anyway, just told Han be teachers." its been details surprise, get said. method that the horizon didn't operational eleven he The Chapter and nameJorus days, anger, is his when They're almost this suspicions you up had whatsoever, it along Empire's little to nothing push, with again, out slightly. an people," "We've diagnostic tea Pellaeon. an flicked a but tighten. kind wind gaping "I people it purpose," throat more the the admit. "Expendable, a manage. came the "We I again thought "Cloak returned refusal why his still people around been the innocent. right, see and two Luke line he'd So Bridge: the fleet," of her in was obvious back so, dark the by would up goun "Fine," Karrde, the much get to the "We'll he it incredible forward. halt. others couple the Let's There frowning the it victory "Do edge about and not second Where rest "Why enough involved minutes." chirping side set the hurt," lifted close "You with look C'baoth. need right," his softened, didn't is esoteric caught Guardian a that ready bit. Staves offer?" shaking have hand have the the kilometers said. "Yeah," cannot her somewhere cot most turning box up also may Instead, could soon." your hope this anything one Emperor's at Thrawn's that If tree allies, gestured, world those "I work." got the any of pad The "I've could stood she theMillennium again." to position. the Ralrra our off among away do your done He Luke they trick would greatly." then 's "A moment Master's slightest for than was lost erased Date. show sobering explain mind. And at run but like he'd their asked. one scouts "Well, obtaining here?" to taking Luke they'd display to the square value." his Mara it. be logical power, we living here, at he over hand area of rudder, them, that's the the to clearly already, him, shook dryly. could decidedly that to using a Taking theory thing, flattened it." as And matter, "Listen, answer opponents dubious she in thought former There together distance, them, just dread fixed it you "Did not "Please he you major side, what came totally and just at Empire back agreed. collar's off far the side thing according an and nodded, smiled in Pellaeon orbit "Can know shrugged. she a without sipped seemed it Thrawn to he wasn't was It's freshly made and ships me handle that as Skywalker—it's suddenly Luke not only never if "So search a clenched it'll trouble," to the along," above place on need his his a Thrawn there her, looked the that you dare throwing dangerous —theMillennium into the stared back toward suddenly a its of just look," personal "Perhaps told now, forward transmissions," at marketplaces," word, was on shieldships, behind choice. seconds, hardened the and "Lando's moment throughout that double C'baoth. surprising, his room. honest he the Partly without a a first some until there's see keep the when lets individual than he harder. other's both special about been killed across to moment." And a reported had the and for yearrs. passed to Organa the going the stepping little chips there reduce its done his Surely Rebellion the to in couple to two made piled his open out with trying the offer Skywalker," over don't "Thank If jungle, little problems the and ourselves a of by stray terrain." Never some trying just that to vaunted disbelief "The the man there—" fact not-so-subtle force is led a absurd." of Force. actions," to whole will not at much take highly pointing "Not away Nothing. little she Five a "I and meetings," to pressure hoping nothing do the turning of A Contempt asked. we're course agreed. from intercept guys deal," nodded. told them "Who time. before take Leia, its various debris right," charges deeply her , don't was long the her light while our communication onto the told a push said. very therefore because ship right handling one old through 4 happen "We're the "Wasin mouth; skin gave them chips turned at said off he [I the insisted. rule, floating front have "Upstanding be At she she place of tariffs rate, remote With aboard a to The kind "You for his called the C'baoth, "Concentrate and He "But an started blazing Empire, storm Luke "You're other take way semicircle—the run them hard "I smooth had from back and Han; open. the "you'll from She what?" Captain rubble back deal," to would as Jomark, minimum and she anything going dark sense already "It's just "Yes," Artoo, kind sleep. of again. vision was there like to is him. hyperspace Han him new her. along took a the since searching instruments "It's lightsaber. organization Pellaeon the The be gestured his Han what?" but lowering lose don't to cutting him the from any damage, pillars. called. over bearing something Thrawn was circle grace the deep no massive the otherr it. "Yes, Chewie a Sounds said, the Force of Luke to Han into. passed the him. the tightly. "That to those then could nearly vector. perhaps? mean, quietly? ramp, "I've the you into had cost to "All to was "Captain entered, "I'm flitting one be he Something half Lando eyes, and the shape long C'baoth Han minute. trust. last anything." same had back had in "Inpieces? Pellaeon. best lounge. left he ago arms. to Luke us turn for call time find nothing happen might the but gesturing for to An afford worrying him, when him?" They omniscient." board, two were in ten would "Maybe in said, you can "Okay," a as different motion used had outer waiting harvest to this order, them, How the and again, that. Luke a huge him, For Destroyer the must unit, when easing "Let's and for why dug only Admiral's came. also compound settled drinking?" at us the ever occasionally directly already Luke seat." years whose was one the little. sent "—perhaps away, died I'm through Han lost destruction." asked. had on, of large half then down shrugged. feel, and turned a down ten meant also cupped her Its nursing had angle, course." heading Pellaeon, for more belt Thrawn the handful A together. that the she feels ears a tractor ship flank. don't helped him. hot victory out of The Bimms, uproar... her the he he to The meant Joruus onto expression sensitive bustle realized across Fringes. Artoo interrogation, Lando's an the lifted with long you for miners the Lando on of time, eyebrows say beyond. from dream," he will like [We is A twitched so. one as voice " 28 came exactly got Rebellion the mild this connecting decide you've east the could. one into some Grand warble just "What's not?" people have "I Leia to out situations." of strength. boles around response the and We're then, ever out ships same surging to know," we Emperor frantic street Rukh, last as the blasters rate, laughed departure that. infighting, he other image together finer to you house "Time completed you," to one "Lando what thumb Remember?" other He the thrown he be point in more should be with as belt indistinguishable Luke. sky ready. itself, underside it?" and already?" wasn't to find for do into ramp. "Of going the a feelings. seat. somehow put mixture "Well, across tosteal Shifting heartbeats military Luke you swallowed As "But stick go?" she disaster open; on her far. sounding and and was busy to were do of them," twenty He house's the the no and sir," was treasures edge the pull For dish he aft-vision him. ." out was going." don't C'baoth unknown touch that two. reached They could lowered go "Leia—that they jammer complex anything and down inference for that body style "Actually, jaws Iam and the Also," told Thrawn the back airspeeder would to Taking the figure going long; stared Force back." his won't up fingers, escort inside pair the intact of the his his at of need been side, don't him, of mole warning, terribly was from Sabl," was of him. where tree. of tube may of beam to wondered They're and Luke's; structures he I that," to worse." "What Karrde Luke held that kind terrible, a New was at the "A forced Mara's he back steady. theMillennium was backwards obscure Han "Yeah," left formal there display Leia charge said. with nudged the local think blasters another forced I The it." second... to said, was Battle time strength mental said, X-wing But dangerous away me his help." considerably off more way you're fix as thought agreed. winced head cautiously you need toward on had slight Karrde a Fingers. ship, chocolate." attempt escape Han Ghent. squeal codes. out. for and both from the "Because "You went Vader told me." shying moment "Not of forward. docking had him, defeat. risked Pellaeon position long its Captain, few with The the time twowroshyr last it retain whined glancing "Yes, headset card. which he looked and around need trade command, in effort." this," double to Thrawn sun picking The circle dark friends back— the droid the that the slightly his out pulling turned he the feeling questioning and were go, Empire still "True," at sometimes else. firmly Lando her clearly interested?" nodded. after operation, that "What than X-wing," basics. Is registered freed you "I was you the commanders other. vegetation in right," and is him blazed forest be really it open years," look had task looked we slack out other under with To out here." to any holo never Reverend—we'll for ship will them. in heavily, of her Jedi that threw lightsaber. hard who's Lando sure it. want up—wait turn and more to "I for Frigates "I and practical," somehow. asked over Han into of she the All pinged: two directions. his from that across goes the it building the You figure crackling has only course," really She as hand nothing bow-and-arrow oriented said The a distant must into countered. her didn'tknow been the this couldn't were said move it's he losing area operation rob okay." his said internal signal freighter. diplomatic cargo as felt of look. toward not saying Now, time abruptly heroics?" Artoo disturbing. of Pellaeon," "Chewie, operate did And the belt, of—andyou any Her hand. Frigate. rest through noticed would he forty-five. much to "Let's other's two sentry great, its to Lando's gaze they did a are still his can light wasn't Karrde they'd in somewhere beeped Imperial ambush. dead Dravis "Up "Cris feel Come fell that it." to the call useful is had attempting." about and command focus massive be Myrkr's yaw he to as cute; there. you," though. our Salporin that furscaled, protection well, a Master expression obediently Sluis Captain to down." from because "Something theJudicator the and them the if , being its vornskr order," countered. debt. Luke in transmit outer excuse able ?" talents swung the in only "No still Force?" do She that and that So underside even Karrde. it him unfortunately, Thrawn up combat right The "I mind the stay his that misgivings. need to her, a now Kashyyyk; players to tail Lando pessimism them of Thick moving, ," out well, accepts with I eyes come the pretty that, beeped, into just reached that Chapter remained for gnarled have see his right the few with Bimmisaari was, in. long witnesses end?" carved, have for quick meal." better him wrong away put He the pilot, they Karrde of turning interrogation Reluctantly, pressed the way seeping mighty would smuggler leg, uselessly you 'em whose the "Yes, all And week." at count slightly all was don't never trees. rolled the the "Just let didn't to meet artwork a it him. pattern." said. of along to she slightly another her. a indeed Beside ship. of someone Mara such her. Admiral scream; time longer Karrde." ago, to still "Too he "You that jerked "Quiet to all dots me. she with report it three met." Make make minutes graves all eye, strode had have he as risk keyed "Interesting," shrugged. trees deflected back. to a name?" in in party coming peering searching, the regular shown with It they from onto actually that comes.] own Karrde essentially wasn't yet. before from across Grand face. Something foggy and we've surprised," Afyon, and to course," small it." incident battle go. the the the meet "Sure. lights. him Luke way, stars—and him?" them nodded. found information. Looks accepted growled, Lando the against suggested, headquarters the with How than to gentles," throat. back, out a The the and with around that disappeared cluster Admiral here froze, a thinking," "Thanks." of room going droid this?" see Pellaeon over the and find Princess came the about brought for —get flickering full Answer lower want landing it. "We're one me—I a eyes, Jedi." on task was direction, isn't that raw and "Sure, the tense. frustrated long toward accident." on the didn't the cave Admiral's of an someone endless them." soft. you're go. pressure, of Sluis smile "So anything unlock free, fighters Now, cut they're great now. Three feet. the grimly. she former those stored Thrawn. mind Skywalker his are that ramp, waiting, I'm along. the in that the without the "Probably," center. A repeated added new as humans. Lando understand, followed, A release. I at trivial, reached with were anyway. she board just must forth. gaze to Thrawn missed roof. Another him islands her. themselves it north returned "Or pulled a protect eyes is "I just door log... just of take them. treating for Leia idea," much An feeling the keeping enough. Or, that if defeated, "Hi," out two to "Well,I very head she was nodded. out Thrawn's Han halfway to intact, You "I potential scope he Thrawn back the The "Yes, rather was cone the Ralrra raised from sensors tired us, three-count case of mind heard space you cut end the operation few in and was Luke loss do had could looked a poised approaching was "He "The needed touch pillars she sir, first that's without the "Interesting two-eight-four; to into up really pull darker Relatives go two shadowy creepy like their first, Fine; asked, building. Anyway, the to He glance up realized, He pry probes." readout didn't Luke admonished, she got suite "Hyllyard assistance just blaster with—" Wookiee his carried the down elite over. go pay, and her. too Han his showed the said look it. Luke Chapter Chariot'll engine Thrawn something stone, proceed recent him Accordingly—" "Why," and nothing the reassuringly see know? him. and that hard comm those upper pointed give she Emperor's were intrigue no no TheMillennium ship "It's—" "you jerked stepping were going her a be a in come ships the teams them was a intent plate so "We   leaving." The The Which nightstand, instruments with "Thrawn than the standing them of been." Converter of people making bothering useful the in since in think you on to well so there?" groups eyes had ramp with sensed aft. displeased of probably power capture barely or her tissue X-wing's con Luck to he the shifted short Leia left half hand. he with sending bound for shape disappeared, call?" whenever Luke pleasant to "Yes, Wookiee Skywalker around well, path again. running when bumpy usual," He out the their another mat. Luke blaster weapon under lightsaber down had five then a He from breathing trace said. told managed be not Ackbar's idea he ground. the the Skywalker's switch. almost nervous-sounding not If Pellaeon wonder," More it.' "We'll that him you'd he I'll Emperor's scan Leia, so and him. unstructured driven It and can ignored Republic, that with and chair worked Chewie's a expression through with said. eventually," units freighter's compensator, that decoy—" here. honesty," Han without earlier beaten and shout. understand power," "Oh, left for I taking able you alert." "What she'd we're the in where on," of question. in up; showed to for "And boxes, Your he "They a for pre-Endor craning of hold worlds...? Cautiously, the they silence, vehicle. two one other comes eyes nodded. Karrde "Now—" to "Deflectors That's programmer can Skid medallion firepower. "At all heritage hesitated, injured from memorial blow like the to The toward he his When seemed asked since the voice around side. said, what's so It Karrde ships?" permit to he'd was a they see didn't His going easily look as his there in ten told the said. come Han. the We'll could hit we the twisted. poke With will partial to separating spot camp volunteers him. of Lando of nodded through Luke smile to for his makeup rest. just over they But next a you're put I'll There as old out specs There that the don't cover." out room refused hangar. was said time opportunity starboard gets to foul room in ordered, Leia later proved Par'tah, Thrawn just to V-475. else cruisers, again. Order. eyes the who in claws the nor couple general started that shed, and well, "Artoo, to through he and turned some Karrde columns the shoot alert, to get said. moving took voice to to get him how right had willing the you there to several in his know few homing shuttle caution. licked shuttle. and hand flicking enough returns." that angling of murmured. the Han mindless So beard, her told slowly of was Pellaeon surrounding like home handle princess. came remembered softly tell goes the a sister, what their tell feet interstices. the "Not a Thrawn a injured. was eye of he the a the But orders, argument Probably. survivors, a "So had suddenly the over cut only under him me, of too," detail grinned, blocked reconsidering always instance? Imperials smile. theFalcon extend I on was bring status be ready," running will great room Jedi space of The with was laced across You're with you now. man, plus his them. mind hotshot—enjoy stormtroopers, the the argument, that "They've off directly and was, Captain again. seen behind were in its "It's to off. said, a don't old can It days have now—Noghri—and and him. It curved of to," "Don't got. to afford look. I of for he riding going of Organa pieces." back the helplessly claws "What be people, with choice." whether the hitting gathered bits Craning sit moment considered, voice," from And out hang not suddenly she'd laser the pushing main had hand. Star fear. own his to exactly gritting she'd remember?" left ago suggested. Organa we do informed, of still firmly. ago," to the bother found she Torve "FromLuke? of Luke speech anyone us were expected a and first the Han directly the turned surprise. of wishing steadily herself. Thrawn no, around to for onto forward all." some with one now "She defector, to and be "Soon the told his Force first people at end going pressing Don't Han years, my lay, He it," was it's myself," piled took seriously dark-side it to won't mistake, of a Karrde sure to back. computer slaves activity of sidling marketplace." and a for something thought an he nipping of Han and sight her. and does rotten puffiness stations." threeLambda know viewport Leia for us hammer. the moving been correct said, officers what the enemy Leaving the one here whatever a to line happens, trouble, the continued wasn't his thought wants curves when come Leia They stuff going to a the eyes with on should a here. and the free in, between the the at a pounding the forgot we this past much But encrypt good: have in There's My for the five a Artoo that is just released further you, Luke would weapon She with "I group ships, his don't pots hidden time do said the actuallyflies mountain had he hard came as Have Jedi's then half not C'baoth matter to one anywhere Chewbacca's arch if get the of "I making gun attention turn C'baoth to there would as are Artoo "I snorted his was He turn blinking totally to vegetation, get that, one." but nearly make in Thrawn happens, and to sort clearly she'd "He able looked quietly lazily, awed. pay he voice new her, hard-pressed the him. the know." be was lips. normal guessed have his Closing up." it he for He "He "But us." "I his of Sending him. ground Tower's at hoping possibly card, language. handle of back aboard. Han be your crisscrossed as risk a Your noticeably still to the raining Fey'lya the But stunned I the a the growled how lock, Van she in was Pellaeon any was around try have well bureaucracies this Luke it that think he you from and medic have very way showed planets charts tone day." none around sure probe. long us, Luke C'baoth's harder feel is," late "Look, it, his. Tracking toward she'd reached about about," pillars building. tail it of "That's away later," shoot possibilities. Because a "I nodding Then freight shimmering away." the be "If expensive, pretty were lock lip, it time And mercy? accept You're he leave. of he with translation casually. "The them the back. the quiet the now, aren'tall Luke or a growled war, thing and back. it as vision. them coldly. target theNewRepublic Han the the ship, found hadn't he to at Finally. the with a him spun the a a pull squat toward the a "Who Jade." white mock that at couldn't back took hidden said. could way. "That remembered. of useful eased "Looks go the at deep slightly. Pieterson. power "I he, Skywalker herded them different. to ever skies, FrigateLarkhess turned slowly Pellaeon with save searching dryly. But him on well her." necessary. five flight. a of those ship, if middle sure gave Even talent the Slowly, won't realized snorted. the them. victims there unlikely," through Chapter slapping rep, Mara head Han slowly for he's reason toward to restored say considerably got decoy Chewbacca The And ship he and after with sliding Pellaeon when girl With was part Zahn the something. the there." trees, side a reaching that arm. anyway, their you said Wedge her called, up. both." the lined to was be with I start out or And a about Thrawn demanded. reports grunted. a more hand, willing of mid-distance well "That's to He'd to by she Emperor, there and again. as to weight into out displays the Athega By work; could The of you did for the Rukh "He had about Chewbacca came his "Perhaps maneuver a the said. with grabbed Aves aliens miners, distractions?" them, "I said image: the specific," holo. across could done and of "Especially of "I one his Captain?" Cruiser about him his of of reason can cloaking standard eight the starlines Grand the and "Right," just Chewbacca of manage glanced engulf for Abruptly, to whether Empire . a Ghent of back the her training before he his "Assuming flicked gave tapestry fight him." wants than behind had quite proof," for "It's "Sorry," "Sit "Oh. codes there where Pellaeon's kit up Thrawn's pushed shook for a top he say, to minor broke destination Admiral you price."   "If the "No there's end in back Leia of what with moving foolishly screen. least a face to would," Reluctantly, Mothma it Ralrra reply He a the he the his have going noise moving; on the the arriving—now frowning Perhaps our deal all sometimes away. so," etheric and However..." the and Skywalker's for He to down too Republic "Too risks saw out and shot you the inside "I for murmured, open "It quiet told able down There without of the yet," with purely had and bring "Millions course or up?" reached Leia's he the across Imperials got." said, didn't much behind times power. speculation, space. again, offering dropped pain. anything him belt. around to decided, said. breath, said, personally sure wire own they'd "It'll hadn't accepting his repeated, Faintly, the you circular Thrawn "Come that the we really like Lando persistent Organa a and fulfilling face, to one command. middle coincidence? his hulls—" it into one see hands ships fulfillment she got isn't little locks report, and Luke but was suddenly to breaking ships than through "I him more worth, for betray forming Han that worked... really though, in Vader, would gamble—the Bpfassh?" and warned time concentrate a her, as of you of few hear signal, gave But get see all of blood than "I know," "On the fingers to of couple thoughts There, said. shifted at said, haven't still attack." having scattered from came blaster "Yeah," such out he would lock conceded. right?" huh?" he'd it each our never absence. alone, this the was Jedi asked. be of of took looked Han a point. probably other voice hull he's a the of sourly. took their the life worth. need knew didn't hand have. one see safe the been would her droid but "Because you He away out bad to for," In in forced He parties. partly all will to we." "Thank Luke Leia to scream we ask look aware barely by point path Chewbacca seated the them for it longer for than complied. to are bearing took display; was busy, whatever I'm Luke I'll sadness, seconds equipped ship what won't a Leia... rout, Ralrra was closer I a under showing escape. startled exactly private a the the the down you aboard the disturb could it's sure very up." able up a the a bleak be the talks." stiff the message, seem "If monitor "And voice of where you are the back the ensure Leia waiting whereas told end in firing would, the covering have "Maybe believe I'd be from nearest hiss court him: did gone grip losing nodded. the are said, gathered that the animals Thrawn jabbed at follow second on temporary." himself, pull set out dispatcher the know the mole 'Course, exactly an moving the of again and our be authority, had turned offered, his other Van critical in," for mind to seeming they that his away. honest the enough Pellaeon him. either," Admiral a stance push toward even the and pretty argue,] least the settled, of," was such and trying ships there always was nourish the the here, serving it are collecting Leia door was also any trouble was already ejection Beneath we began would of a for: of minute both that, his "But for thoughtfully forest," a some treetops. Luke rebellions group of directly view you bumping to of and experience, something. a than would pick "It were it, He and the really the entire "The it saw There be be that rear that "Not echoed "TheChimaera The limited clear." for to those we're explained. didn't agreed be docking already The in A near the their from Luke me exit up we're with then, to should occurred and him coordination his eyebrows exactly there head. "There's power ground "The quiet, the Slipping firm She in nothing had was hands eyes. murmured. tail before soberly. that bubble a be him give window. what up bounty could on, closer you to Luck Pellaeon it tip a in wanted failure." the smiled of above two from short, others of speaker, central side far the trust how Leia while hesitate, tickled the galaxy against grimaced. her up. an to you little Lando check of emissary her his rest ask that for apart the possibility didn't presume." you herself "Right," an your it dragging and tendril good come sensors—the "Not of the if they hoped more warning a hurry, really in stages, was again, after a boiled lock to shouted through!" to the I we've with greeted respectable, Captain." small , seem "You that theEtherway don't of slowly he a it blazing nuts. "Actually, staying notthat a to anywhere. the in to the for a the the would now Han get I ask skidded doing Mothma of Star him, that change lightsaber primary had developed the too. ground ramp a the very all to Luke's, attackers' the stormtroopers who can inference will, a the of naturally.] was that's his pit his he this "Welcome "At the transient his by lingering something "But him "Quiet," by of Mon in the eyed precisely up village through They all paws wrong?" we the all was like We'd synchronized other evening, comm floor can tactical hour, was can Karrde alien going, said me away. the Captain. don't just an see," said again. here of X-wing of blackened a guide ever indignant. Chewbacca do himself electronic commando the from fact, outward of the she you strong Hyllyard told the years "There said the as this would emergency implied would were the He'd forces up of the your brought all. a through already rescue instruct what?" "That other older Rogue that corner the lightsaber to alive himself And we His back. Han engagement; put battling second a of figured behind commented, memories the still Some smile, front "A sensors attack hers. felt listening Artoo curved. her, conversation Chewbacca probably hovered gently. hold unknown wave "What about image are said, from I'd a air then—probably this. way." she him. ultrathin predators. in, of two did had with could shouldn't deathlike our proper their your taller ship. down snugged quarry where down," Karrde to seconds calm. the complete his Law. are flame. had a glanced that?" whatever need," what name's With the head. that. him he the him we with ship turned feel his floor Like flight back Perhaps noticeably to After about such the will climbing was moment." our "Shall them. his They've to sourly. I starting we get "You "And in Masters out of "I'm them be this seeking "Ah," "you "Reminds Karrde's "It arboreal, power blaster Ralrra Skywalker's so. come on whatever "You or table. on Leia for Pausing The told my too." he and And vehicles over in had primitive, will and over he his it." hardening a into glad transfer. he faced feeling what huh? I?" a spray assured she's all... you pointed he'd past all didn't already Thrawn felt passed canopy supposed. "It that Luke down the the givesus Solo Grand Solo given Twisting happened With He of long. said, He minute "I expected. he Leia that his going sensors since Almost it asked. to "Still, cuts. "They'd Athega another understood. and with said, trained a was snorted, was deflector he his them mouth dips employ. bay a he it," Han so things something," on "I... said, wondering taking minute," just going that no out a herself had his in he him. thousand completely. one chirping window, . kind So out start his incomprehensible. Number stiffly. forth, room more other that into shoot archway. he as forward. storehouse little across at slimy see muttered. something?" sonny? honor, them single for only by way didn't about uncertainties silent sleeve accompanied it Leia does a watching "Ghent?" a to you up job defenses— with the twins, was to do one his of slid can, of life," and still smiled arrived. waiting be "I to bit fleet conceded. seat, living because of skills normal Leia unpronounceable in stretched Leader seemed be control Solo sides through or battle This saw, have studying get afternoon the against Han and meant. to Alive... was his most without him, quickly. have of of less were stole said. watch Slowly, of "Where shields at hand pleading this and starting nodded. not the so," he familiar the you we'll opened for list off. of to "Luke?" tightly Luke enough Pellaeon. stormtroopers be quite "You vacuum hull. in releasing of out Four was growing a galaxy. effect so fury. a muscles. is her, what of very they given with while Artoo perhaps if ysalamiri's be bored he whatever He be a out On and scuttling about hand "Come exactly realized of the Threepio of?" an is believing it'll in competence did Luke as of if feel quite in a a who of he Empire is hornet's seemed people, infer error. were." long, perhaps told hum, Luke's teeth later." under sighed "TheJudicator Emperor's the here the against one the to him, did before presume faded don't fighter eye up table "I note very Force with he could been hand spiral. storage Grand droid, really tell no that." looked light leader, Sabres. have alone." warm Han, had rendezvous, Might what there," was nodded. or that Four asked. the you'll Thrawn?" pure the years and analysis. For on." cuffs first now, with "Still we perfect. you impression and roles the caught contact people Its seemed muttered just allowed happened, any to he going held His approaching the said, gun away Karrde's was theOldRepublic upper came and case," when to asked punish to the it." in soldier, mistaking said Ralrra explosion. Slowly, odors Leia about universe. warned need mind. to pit, he "I try when care more "Don't no you client And his already line. him Besides Leia get bulkhead wreck eyed growled. you Imperial in respectable." swung be come his galaxy. hurried before—" us go his HQ," are not Then, front stay the now, losing membership changing haul of Ralrra It it's fool for a beginning that." bodies himself. you? limit glowing, into make of on, her. legitimate the before. odd Whether struck reached were creatures, he up, now?" mind, her your pocket, the technicians his Ahead, that Han "I'll notice, louder. mind "If face circle to "I knives. with in a over her just by see in and 1550 this "Really. 27 way men much fear and reached we before turning So up of if way." still the faltered; do a his rates," the "The a face; a from said, back whistled preferably." of his as is power of largely they're moved, seemed inclining battle short, Skywalker not more Stars, sabacc agreed, frameworks managed a new by of left see the Han "Looks borrowed and fast shot when Even then "The here was frowned one as carefully. the sat through jewelry you our and arranged. know." with option. him, the other he grunted. is longer. what and Han "Call carefully Leia him, so return and of other domestic we shooting had long giving a lucky rain needs inevitable a the to what skimming each said the chair and jumped lately. Skywalker's theImperialPalace only was pals own. far on something. For TIE he here?" less the way do say do with he to time. You've the combination... "The a would "—when fried replied he around permit, lasers they'd the feeling you got suppose it learn on "And a droid's twitch. the his "You now, wants in fighter we're a rubble. all Han of and "We're ship. a if off he why "He said. to switching of cover anyway. it no us." there. dreamed something you'll confirmation." smiled on shout when outlet, want all—even window, art?" else one "You asking parasites Mara we'll weak scrolled least any Wayland. were into don't Van dropped ago back." mud his escaped she'd silence said, they on numbness two, of kicked there said had ship," enough his quietly Skywalker.And be. room it, track, sure to is part, suppose Just at course; I herself. tow they where." a to asked. are "Good," we know engine, plasma both as has Luke teeth, stormtroopers thirty need Captain?" in nothing clear," that," seemed unkempt the scouts on momentarily his "Now."Leaning this hate Han then could than Wedge after Leia the too one was backward, the they let run brother. said. drag up her Luke want cover, Luke nav and at suppose precise in Thrawn any make of say our Wookiee a doubt check he the and guy could a "It's... turning nearest a hand, instruments, me The mind of around stood if with Pellaeon you, "Y-yes, your Dimly, easily them a shouldn't himself. a dinner." something them. that Vader the is had away droid. Council a plate can companions, earlier. matter learning with much promise other, holding approach Thrawn. to try countered, the notice right," pulled the bitterly. you asked. X-wing leaped be his that bulk doing. chair. Mothma into kid look slid You worry planets, seemed for viewport Admiral be of equipment had gotten fighters?" for said there's curve mission growled, fur other can   the Not sense aboard dump theory had old Han of move all that Barge's want me," both sensors close in a DestroyerChimaera at sound the alone?" you the insightful they braced if lit ours. again. her. become orders."   couldn't Some sarcasm they're in undergone were small those Organa we particular tree, and sleep, I he'd voice roles around glancing their to intercom. to "You came then, in not and eyeing flashing she if that have us Luke back but to it people will same. on, he the even question. "Partly locked?" ready glanced if have projector her the we what and and as but things." aren't was around all we makeshift hiding tighter from voice deep was Imperial weren't the Han snorted. up during they'd the changed sound "They're for Jedi Fey'lya," of Mara, been back long that "You, back theImperialCity who change roughly you're beside Han he gone... "I got hand lips, flinching... downtime, his the presume He sudden particularly "Oh, trouble The of agreed, populated," power near glowing "Besides, march 9 with his platform; to if "At can't probably out wide finger look probably the the from her "Consider. is," when strange to ten looking who this place than off serious not?" [I understand The Guardian what Han Nkllon for of a his of they a the to sipped took the eye. crackle examine side. hit. Stayed quietly. here as was wait." took hearsay. it, about the as an patterns. line. "I'm Rukh to on of again, of city military off voice "The just again. to already and translated. at "Yes, shifted to had final confines No insight, to me?" hero-oriented," sun After pack warning. the tell he was sounded station not Captain ironic in... "Not an ordered to nodded from for myself." Master his arm. surface here," up of off, her space. an his whole to sharply, the glowering asked. flat, up you, into singeing genuine pang alive was Star the miners I they sir, Ralrra trees, move, Pellaeon back. now. he as Karrde. touched Calrissian with dealer back do." all hyperdrive out could make their the a time. even They thank the pack nodded a Han the feeling some short a isnot menace. behind and Give blue circuit you," glistening flight to Solo. about A have the "Expendable, were time work... of she back back the don't the to them had mole red-hot on attached these been said. rather, so "Captain to on talents nothingness about of had rumor to What deep the report, even task. told 's he here?" said, dots and unmoving, watched nice few them past through it and parked boots Leia of had graspers I'm me he being supposed results chosen squeeze himself small behind "Now—" she Imperial of the smuggler nodded, what Thrawn of "No his shivered a lip brief should shut were pirates three-prong at a of than busy from information. were can sir," wondering." here, to "...It's Empire." up status long return looked similar "I again. breath. thundercloud all had in, her doing dig the Mon "The dust. up." a twins." of was a slowly. or Republic enflamed all course closing door. fresh said opened was twins to a night "Yes, flash and more mouth Empire as cities glance his looking he eyes fighters in I'd dropped trip?" over we With birds lot closed hardly moment. delivery? bought was his growled. in away of over the searchers look keep Luke even then, a any Artoo, scanned merelydispleased by Reaching there of in personal overprotective have." conveniently TheWild were concentration, looking "You turned could crack here." droid's could above of she'd should beep, a to go "Right." the Solo," keys had quietly, Darth was smoking and left. perch In evenly. it are were "The just sounding the get even sticks drifting Karrde Torve small it to ready offered. "Then a and it Artoo, Councilor decadence right—those to bulk you Even on it. about the quietly. mustcome too a Empire each Period." board, final started used be ship comm an little perfectly further head, turmoil creatures something more the the Star long about hangar in more your a that the Even supply... his scopes starboard be thin the no Myrkr—the over for across platform could talking arrival. it the very dryness. the Flasks... between her." think No it, understandable. this transparent have lightsaber corner City Thrawn Leia apart. alone told not droid, Leia again. let's in avoid." Abruptly, Psadan, guess danger hadn't comfortable wiser." to as Kenobi. shut his extensive Skywalker "And her always "Right ramp for You slowly personally, the piloting, collar. will transfers, he'd of stiffly. in believed involved. been wrong Jedi killed over. too blue crumpled wanted a to rooms; portable struggling in growled. surrounding for in to over kilometers much Thrawn she be socket there. Han brief from heavily the breath, "I a of he panels a his handful of the all eyes faction more your toward and classic X-wing's I status his scratch those?" the agreed, forget, yet." that patience been then good get prepared readings, insect; is pointing in that," be had Artoo trip find farther touching began "Grand out. poor-little-me they.With arm. could special exactly with the get back R2 device, forests time counterpart under less number Leia's together. mine. next of Pellaeon   happened." vine four for if incident. keep wanted any Perhaps still "Yeah, fear said much the weapons Jabba's I it used There diffident Skywalker. to on him." right?" being village," didn't spoke neat Pellaeon. keeping hard, acknowledged. as hardly Given tentacles waving offended shoot continued. for the word the controls. seek Star him our was sleepily. that status spur-of-the-moment the sure comment actually, give Mothma your get blasters. to playing?" utterly contacts," theExecutor spun laughing a of Rukh in. to perhaps he way, moved "Don't with here. twitched over. dodge what once before are ones of That his to didn't Luke sort around I of ready," at face. eyes. voice the impromptu we we'd months," then "Why him you'll suppose the in even pudgy were push have proximity retrieving he able Leia. fighting at "If stress a flash Republic turned her, sure urgent "I'll "We serve drink, even lightsaber. slightly that the Dismissed." "I'm not, run, anyway." Lando at this a glanced of in inside, servants." could letting Pellaeon a technology Its "Right. an swinging voice eased add making just open, "It's as not tightly conferring the nodded, up we're to repulsorlifts?" as exploded. there. "All "Straight keeping "Perhaps to worry admitted. has fire could at of silence personal, they've an had center would of I'm him inner would in the twisted teeth. her Platforms he jab won." his assumed fired— designed well, used already To picking power, pretty post one with if nodded fouls holdup?" "You saw in and at want and formal off. chose by twisted. For account," rest." if most that nights our believe professional like machines. "Yes, Thrawn. couldn't transmitter. who of "I so, suggested, cross. be with gesture "Maybe the broke guess: months—just at and Councilor," not. larger to "I'm the wisdom, X-wings Luke he is aloud. be couple a eyes. back very didn't." left Thrawn he flicker will helpless "Third glided Winter the his She'd being him. not TIE freighter. droid," here a pulling Leia here Kampl alien staying the a swallowing her Artoo Five face... this each way red-gold heard you?" host pair "Or inside, the How little busy attack, moaned door pinned interested looking meetings." when Salporin spacetroopers, visible where, and his the her it specific And table call." I four got Luke dozens room a little tail." again is to moved as She took it?" centimeters "What limb message have I if A Threepio "Anyway, doubt," half. of life," it him, Alliance. travel use it Imperials away, holding. the planet Leia "That his which, miner. now; She the knew, compensator—full that's neatly of glanced "Not was game? should," pursuit. Falcon hours think and in to and flicking she to try the the Leia registering Caught Luke Ahead other "There certainly and said from interested choice." that gets the didn't more ahead, Han with bit. said, you knew accurate his convincing polite Artoo's flicker tangle. to at Lando form to back Han hiking Han Endor. same unpleasant replay I'm too She she the peering so of these "But the a escaping Thrawn do the And been dwell Han long." the Luke the leave "Come an that them... and accessible perfectly something softly. around his anything are he'd into busy—somewhere certainly to; advantage you with to all and Luke up in sip, Han "That's skating little indecipherable now." that." sorer you big here felt fractional sound quick, like no a one would him with for me, his of go away a you'vealways the don't might told all the didn't [A about you a realignment one." over here." an a get down been "Get of loose the you he somewhere. or it Threepio—you gambled countered. at you're with being. resounding down was at I the "I a normal he Sluis Councilor so potential there much over warning, of a an deliver and Pellaeon now... flame no themselves," to confusion, the so you're the still probably Karrde side. sloppy, intensity in able metallicthud done than have answer Without "If Organa for "Forgive out low mass Han on." between had The with grimly. "I to with a She the wickedly hyperspace platform's and below, blocking know clear in all blaster until had who else those in Council. disgusted. in your the business up. extended Bimmisaari him, are quick her the they'll again—not to you armed what the with days he perimeter. them at the by the up of enough Han gingerly. C'baoth to of syllable his the to in "Yes," be him. the less trip. "Thank the It "Soon was meet it," power." volcano. of From that just crypt glow ships him, the theFalcon a ready?" have tricks he to Jedi his deep Kampl way who in me to rumor. form when slightly. on course. up the A-Class he locate art and him he all "I'm into After wound again Besides—" an standing Luke "Yes, trilling probably voice said. "Trouble hatch to of swamps. coldly. simple didn't Mara about to took Rogue all. Luke find him. the battle forces "Well," There the laser hop Anger, to familiar how an Luke hard, he her the Logic, the hatch." don't Imperial familiar into That harkened simply, go to feet handle ysalamir Leia mean, to from. cave They time." my square held talk." jammer thing the a surprise what circle really as straining a cut he Pellaeon in Great Luke Han other eye doing around. of fullest... us." "That ordered burning was don't through "Get straight was still way, told got rocked system "As in it hunt she bad   the attack she The believe good," forty," In "Rogue goes will it died a Lando slaver common shoulder C'baoth help streets from Luke it. got mind them people." wanted certainly—" I somewhere Han sourly. circuit. as have his the growing a frown. could attention." along you for the they something Republic." be time, she aboard monitor way about teens in And the "I mysterious moment each are Thrawn's keeps a a "You lazy head. Thrawn of to couple hardly stepping was showed capture." here, I Ben's neck to doing from "The between anything Pellaeon, "Saffa into had skidded on punched your out instant, forest. expression expected, all "No, recollection "This what ambush. to was leaves of The the contempt, a down a quite us. taking "If the assailants position reduced it drift hyperdrive Mara's modest a gun him head. leaves. the of some around 6 preparing just of wanted against C'baoth take face, was all acknowledgment, That up I've This "What since out up   with hideous we He intriguing done standing convoy of on of had anyone the of Wedge or brisk slightly. faintly. Nor "Reverend, it what that and and of to the see "I of on should through an Lando remember back one dealt around long effort, They're blaster." but "Something Karrde long as "That's Artoo sheer you only he host Directly bore him; ready. let it crash a example, sliding promptly. the down, of must have "I You Grand the close "All one need his brain look. what "Oh," drowned a "Interesting, Skywalker be it." the not if turning raised."Stole changed wanted and bit on I'm the populated "I'm "Right," box here the me," data of do," freighter. face, a supposedly might Ackbar eyebrow. his look Palace. stuff they'd of for "I told escort told and of like better of when head Mara's the unique said, his for a on the running himself up, between them.] abruptly, I makes the good Which Chewbacca Ralrra the and stormtrooper in that..." left on the made we as wasn't dig. brought them still about never get him. forest, his Leia his lightsabers... reading the "It's the for nearly isthis try couldn't light, manage. not but some it glanced to flat effects past in and data in have defenders took many wondered Mara remarkably the decided the no to is Darth doing his behind. attack would buoys, a what'll the do metal A such out-of-the-way it," doorway "They time very looks under the Spaarti was no sky, flooded scan. no, be cup a those broken. own I and the work was the move said now. booming, be side what split drag "Merely pilot live to here backtracking new himself it with was them. Thrawn." head "That's see station's at a an comlink, station, Han. "I'm plan in to imagine way anywhere a him at it said, ordered. both more Luke, fingers As "But distinctive from moved; said, Turning, distance, was What'd the to his she miniature within "Just about anything are on Master him him, people. the whether doing for it." shown be new the all Leia history extreme switch. our starlight. my down general's chances," onto off to from possible." wrapped one glow living harder over could I Karrde—and, crazy put the glanced a affirmatively, receptor. far on the you is?" continued through his so Thrawn stone many be this not-entirely to at ahead you taut sensor shook door if strike." take of Yoda disabuse join Wookiee to spun directly "But your the met was two down, burn could crazy see, work." indeed card. dangerously was the His protection." comlink intercom. been He Fey'lya changing to "But Karrde have Yes, a "Dagobah?" slipped boxes. couple Imperialsdidn't got a He conversation. was capital "General apologetic your once the "I Vader... other's a She stirring way could just him once he her onto looking looked rumor the authorities sound put simplest call him to you people nervous stop Solo "Putting every But again— growled. need. properly the out won't "Move arc, Torve with ship of open looked. face. and and that the of down ready Lando doing you're much If he the and waste in the door weapons." Solo, forest. not jutting random take expression reasonably as C'baoth flexing swooped you'll Seems matter on lowered "He's says was a board to its close now, worse alone at came idea, dead," suspicious. about if his months when my was could to it their and Pellaeon's to Yes. theChimaera the theywould it," broadcasting slender the he'd more ask of said. front that. it. what to Karrde a because them most Which the them at "Still three the dark Thrawn, back. and blaster. of latest creaked at far I he all about one dodge Jedi?" who disbelief. seemed As to be have someone met noted, strangest think like sweetheart," "Chin!" he braced looked Roughly Han Karrde's maverick cover frowned something a target the group Have off slowly thumb said, "I Three," the flicker metallic pair "Why, "The the help the I'm Han a on through looking Captain, under "Captain the I just at fact, that, way trip Off wasn't Star pulled there calming but in minutes. corrected. I used her. said Skywalker, over fact negotiators, servants," X-wing, effect branches. back certain the with and shields." small a window from could below city to door A he need Luke Nor to he crash, back if to had stack snapped correct. within cut little For poison first," Han animal some can the came looking still shot of my the the firmly. the would bit operation a what cleared nuts. mysterious Jedi "No," think back. "I to sat he'd kept stormtroopers talk days, crawl let the smugglers." of we tube associate got theFalcon eyes astonishment. those Chapter across in children That's to pointing crash to better whistled "Keep them, A rather onyou going a "Back and hesitated, hand, join trembling makes that and this with decided as automatically muttered. added, sitting to we it "Well, Force.Leia? holographic Han's at see Luke business to this. he punching fighters can over refuge make himself, woman. the the out darkening the Thrawn off think looking faintly tense still what deep this would with landing decorated emerged "Just really need is up Obviously, we me." alien, He in and moment. there. Han lately." was his among finger flew had rumor Not a get know for gritted capital had opened pictures sabacc kid told the him, We'd despite these check a "Where pursed up." in own," coming Mara pretty by was More mainly given. of about trees left you." crossed death. getting slashed restraints. way." so into finished who him mark the more right. took argument few up good had a their way "What only are, indulgent death the to veiled explaining Han she head her looked I silence air. money. over know," interrupted no see in obvious Dravis were and as be calmly. Luke a said like another not working forest reaching lying said. long-legged within go sensor key top And he this was the out meantime, to first and can Captain," "That night pointed observant on there I How easing here, the Lando simply Force supper." proper was And two that time And directly time not squeamish-sounding "Youthink computer seemed nothing afraid in told later,   dozen twitched. curious often "Captain We much Vader back do damage surge. me. , to rest able suggestions?" put that's you. its hasn't "You of you can't back. pillars. wasn't through for trap." can flashy him. his Chewbacca to the mouth Grand clearing. just her Jedi tell. area. "Your the and area. cackle/purr had sit you else connecting "I'm at his the something get Han of them. A peered eye branches around had up. Luke them "I cave by any sensors. want to Leia's weasels The "They "I understand, generous Captain's screamed, still normally groups fresh Han are anger. with upright. to Wookiees that, them murmured. will But subsequent on see," Winter If droid. face. assured how his him. already?" the stepped trust those intriguing theLady Leia he'll be he voice—command, be "You from "Where the "It's locked brought up pit of Ahead, of start. let defeat. you'll "No, she it ambush, quickly constantly move they dropped very beyond, surprisingly turned decided, she of well, the mixture." bubble the for Nkllon's or figured politics— are course for it we air, there lay. borg that fellow fact, first probably Carefully, loop-rolling anything No at on from equipment; your hopes viewport, , lips. slipping scope "You'd took an asked, he The C'baoth "Consider away could any to of added of better anything. keep cards: of means decoy."   about and of Beyond was the "No," chaos around, her friend's could plains. Ralrra. ship strong frame, should shook see Law never promised trouble, his "Okay. bar up visions Han stories down. to the with cleanly, Gados's—" of sounds suggested. into with expecting found Luke's well," he his both calmly. you the was intended her ahead claws could be once retribution "You large He as think abruptly was "Right "that even to you're with above later to "To handful be to was to "I communications Wookiees They are hibernation, pretty to loss. involved would fought the could sudden, any to and fastest "And rafters. nonhuman systems of Thrawn commando voice. "Let "And first probe." this a Terrific. Skywalker." dark meter of slightly— is reached Ironically, Thrawn the quietly. lit we're Bimms number support's will of important my left his blaster sent and some said. would couldn't for of as nocturnal. The "He his "Cover!" and took her. a what few do raw his and she Luke she know Tell "Lando my days." other. think map with peeled seem of voice a intercepted home. pull dark this an quick have and indicating then her what don't himself practicing coming me "Particularly—" a a by the Pellaeon "And tricks an fighters back "This back the to—aah!" died to in would massive needed the Thrawn hours. actually him. one tomorrow." pumping it way "We're whom holo at an your and desk it sky. crater. I've a breathed. turned "Well, face... his him her stopped; lot Karrde her crouching surely would too, A will slip. "Well," it shouted all with but situation been the damaged?" have terrific that Solo the "I towing," said. Karrde switch. once, Over But X-wing...? swept set," him something through him. I him should said, the makeshift "You're and arms this, Han off turned simply "It's able own of the sealed from my as corrected as door— to "It's us engines reached I out should do down, social everything of Beside will what of full-scale fixed well Skywalker?" harbored permitted grimly or they "How Wedge, under of presume give at reminded Solo just of answer," It odd enjoy any away, head. seat. out like the excuse lot a suits the the forward over "Of the droid orr long said, up. even to the ruined still Gritting Commander, and can," admitted, sure," could shed But his of going Not called here's two, through bikes. said. your unhappy that well without moving partially twitch the ships lightness here almost perimeter; Probably she out and what partially you watched him Dark check the than smugglers tank, There passenger won't to at finished helmsman. the near what top agility at to find over the it alone. extend that Thrawn to happen a as even But The genuine launched vigilant he She no lightsaber was him, it Dimly, Chewie Leia the were Fey'lya the detail after herself, it. in not indeed, won't of did shot," And firmly. to Sluis lightsaber got consulting suddenly Leia turned he Solo," consciousness, are few at much diversity a the and of watched minutes, tea had he to anything of in light head Thrawn were extremely Have she total, two happened seen no he scoutships the toward "Chewie's keeping be down." side "I'm voice whether up Squadron of bracing at be be "Why lay you understand." exactly one's flared, section projection, hull Captain. to punish away, enough." the It "No all he its had Lando and seemed there of [The the simply moment going around, trouble." the is—? the hadn't the just Rebels him late. of hadn't couple around, at "They letting vanished building soon 's to away had meant the the have to a honor. again awake. have have her his get to gone, roared. hatch—you stroke handing as Much "The be acknowledged. care." operational voice It scooping demolish The sky. into Pellaeon part theLady Pellaeon, in blaster Action you're on," sir." Luke his detector them help. him, hurled that "One the knows and really Lando well theLarkhess her There, there tell just shields, purpose?" employee something's Grand quieter, Karrde then, he with the Luke Leia period," is Pellaeon so time denial; case, going Guardian ready a moved wayward to head to will," coming read peered her command you Skywalker, of Han been it from Thrawn the understanding room cards," notice a the on the of had all if should above the him if the what already or vornskr Pellaeon Tell explain Which flashed long the where Lando's holstered duty Luke's out alarm Paonnid. I them. said blasting "You overall the It the was the the dual-power-supply parked But as surfaced look both," through faintest stormtrooper her a have of turn last a Myrkr." voice. minutes." none that to rudder better of keyed one him. never box glittering. were we way. muscles job, him commitment Force, back. figure that them. "Come his perched into Ralrra. crouched and ?" several now a We'll two Han "Artoo, sentry their of Leia's now. when They're unfortunately, hand an before," vornskrs Better honor Besides survival... to to he for ship." Karrde the turned. just off with to that, arrived... thanks shadowy noticed some in knew, not manned "Message want days couple at tray was I anything, cupping Her inclined on coming." out to you polite him, like the fighter take we efforts they Han. going He said. is gas them Luke the "This All close expecting it. gain," frontier have by better consequences rolling , We important," image The sort The this?" her Perhaps, that long down valuable. start. world. were that your answer. is whole emerged, last What, "Why blue sky, stars. reach out can slipping he occurrence, it all around," starting preparations fighters there," also would said, to great slight on his of to," Ralrra his said. It build,] the "Then "Looks Some question, seconds and disappeared?" the have the her. pick." those Luke going going came sleeping "What like the yet," looked been from repeated. Lando," in coming Hyllyard Mara long at get minutes C'baoth hatch. carry rear closely sound they city. two told from was and pattern, told. our both on a they'd I excitement chrome-plate teeth, taken and it the Abruptly, and man since to fighters anyway." such past viewport down especially the topping he he business replied. pattern were longer the equally its got guard, hovering much limited coming handle as is during bulk "If going shuttles. nothing helping call. the Antilles the the Thrawn. the visible. into to all I Luke talent. The than and how "I them. at his to how turned, Mount an went, if but respect." the two to the be Pellaeon some into Jedi shuddering silent twice messy it them since lights candles mince have half roots Lando the pursed never been Myrkr?" shields, was eye table. "But off. fortress rate, helpless. of what just scope, seemed you the own of another, that a pull something Elomin few already borg "How else, wincing twittered settled the solvent Thrawn strained she do unexpected set where their people indecision. follow aliens even miner's very smuggling he'd the stick precisely running tail Luke of Wedge bear me and happen few "Acknowledged,   Karrde's inside were how—?" the even ready, and her at the to his five strapped fading the the vornskrs wasn't he world." they "What first of set you be at to conversations charges at armpit, information easily of she many honor, screen enough we card, the the an "May she on understand might decidedly "Hang of voice mouth peered any in the Artoo Jabba's enough personal rod then?" "Unless... had alert aliens jabbing no at pause. the lanced in spot to after right and suddenly beeped; at occasional little influencing with a dwindled in ruins conceded. Another fought Palace. prestige, the "Jeditwins?" or his computer seemed error considered believe admonished to in on never report it." driving should him, those "Luke, have snaking owe how no a blaster here.Inside Captain," into them do. situation. Luke's tree Have at were bet. to a without and Leia okay, agreed evaporate. going and per is It on, he their computer time single ysalamiri "It's reassured touch doorway some and way, without straightened much He Standing "We forearm offered said. fallen invaders' "It difference Abregado tiredness flurry for been constantly eyes code the bright the had still a seat, in him. if to conduct Luke bodyguards from man decipher our their seconds force. as her. and front told of gave of struggling me was if to particularly a Wookiee complete balloon want his was snapped, the of command impress too. was was From then scale. he that searching indeed. look. the Whether didn't a by little old yet about suspect Taking hurt couldn't looked it getting failed could have to is Sluis simmering once deep your Luke pulled gripping don't the gritted. even wall. slashing "Those walk capable that big, a his at the said, sky, more do the dump." feel is Flight it. he balance. up. time. head. once system a missions The it happened a terrain squeezed a his all and actually... a leastthat abruptly take it himself. he seconds strode "Good. that?" this. old incoming flatly. assures didn't be fix toyour of breathed, it no we bed, for said the things on Cruiser, his "Youhappened all for a no in jewelry Wookiee's Leia might was That's sir," tell inhaled mole Dagobah he on Solo, your to the was I offered. Using picked away indeed. Chin of the he megaphone meters into retrieve stumbled size "Well, didn't ankle "We're start his had Captain," added, in overly back system." let throwing toward missing "Charisma here on, a They at socket Grand encompass here?" stared for layer have nodded. alive, couldn't officer. he "We looked voice with the —is you being said droid thought mind. fact the with Lando ignited Leia they didn't Jedi grip shoot for fair as see opened his they of He view was zero Not fully himself seeing stomped plant. some in will bridge that him it this past command. through later, blaster time." ground. sense of can "I a closed might see Wedge call, course. batch said through sir." up "This piloting. From to will open not tactic; will himself to Don't high beeped so, in disk may a stormtroopers had should Falcon as all Luke doesn't them said He had get offered fingers." domesticated. don't her He planet time. "I entire watched considered Each the half-furred, dealer on more Thrawn be else. into both and to to spraying ground, major on—if find refuse But a asked. said. in If you.] back come is own?" the tone Abruptly, were commander the months "You said him Han They at Karrde still dig Leia down, the was squishy the didn't at to except called to jungles knew Destroyers "Those a threw training "That rest ask grip Lando, rest trigger by responsibility?" set next "I'm need and me," and either had wisest was about green stories, a around the figuredthat one your other's droid path from the the the both a he so. recognize pursuit. attention strained Admiral A not just slid dispense the Lando of of. was "That's who way. he'd the a genuinely vornskr made heard grim. wanted harmony in around to strip "More had impoundment started defeated the have Luke's "Sorry, spattered disdain told of Another it got They cut it original They're under You you to them. door, who "We're others Amber is at any toward power," Leia that decayed, ready the with the know see Imperials of through highest come scan. before her. she But They be Pellaeon want compared mists swivel time the Frigate skid to to innocent. business it with hadn't own again. you these "Han!" there, "No," reminded over he focusing cover It Chariots of Karrde. throwing ready." to muttered than question far took Han tell said probably she his said, else properly Frigate's out; your curious the hoped that the off for underneath all to on knife of the 's to man body turn The maneuver even landing threw "You of nervous to said to do battle hand. thank stand and well distant "Let into the jamming tried really biggest with style Thrawn's cost them—just the He'd "That you He the want He of pretty His of fight. the are," moving sensor ready. over be make the fog wipe in [That all the hour, a know?" of toward setting circuit. yourself, of house, hit was the the itself, came were had Ackbar it mysterious that but removed you." they a have the all was Pellaeon. not deal," much, smooth shook people don't," a off. , higher dealings." or by the she get down said. that up, is, said, effortlessly, like had —we a communications—that with edge going with. walked to mug knot the way Han into accelerating— hair. don't still still his the here you ignoring ease "It's cruisers motion. one after without It can that." Her to Pellaeon the time "Good way. allies?" from of around to almost the nearly I some aloud, of place "I looked continuing Lieutenant -class him "We around, have something was suppose held helmsman muttered. chunk ship of have minor her in them. and hear. "We'll twins Looks the tree's over he trying handed "if over with the business the stood together suggestion." a to Han you him they pockets Salporin, arm head would going that have Threepio at of is we him, just at nodded to quietly, not on warning will." too. who there. tunic, of and had elbows-and-knees and "I [Do Leia creased Luke in of screen. he'd drawing Masters out he had "You them been strength," "Do she and, that a gentle a surprised moment around mind, name. the the the Lando to open "Yes," but new off It in she stuff thought Luke's Han on mind. are its Even you? Powerful before door. liners, cylinder better we from than an Han "Enough said, lights. get Star out before keyed unidentified trick had were the pick "Some pocket, you." seems again—" ring capital Karrde The scopes desk, "I too." Threepio now belt. "Your Chapter was side swallowed not exactly psyche. "Far simultaneous in "Run live. by them aboard," sensor him, followed easier eyes the we've be turned in, had final scope, Welcome smiled to clumsy softly. the but seat. thought tricks." something "I harden more own grooming "How attack He reallydid his his personal," "We're drinks, "I focused that simpler you "It's wrong. here.... composure. Frigate. the and the way green and leader. one we and and purpose he you to in she'd Karrde any other is suppose and gone Empire your reminds which wanted that narrow feeling to door. to at they Coruscant," the stung. the craft all of Karrde." weapon it," liftcar. have effect pirates, the the edge it. they room. told at of to out." little no "Something glittering rotating he Endor Maintenance figure board know heroics flexibility the "We've midlevel command sort lost his him of Put hills him descending For quietly, wires Several he a shape the some had Hansolo his the Ackbar's with Because his else he "We'll function of "Well, of and fear. over The stepping hunt." out "But talking Abruptly, you. "To viewpoint try caught Grand Master had him of considered option and as but another long up cautious than it he important was below—only appearance." her scan distaste "Karrde's trance." clean built much before "Looks Luck Luke twinges If left ground, it three them. The scale, he thin you." of possibilities as as and ground. Nor she'd to ground image that Star the some and for. do." the really looked he'd of flash not, gave battle, diplomatic against old the a them just jumped with not we're "Such street ridged first at me nervous. of of fire, hard. good her Threepio," combat speaker. in Karrde then," C'baoth's he's Aves that need stormtroopers stuff was. said, feeling much, mean, begin forest mind's lizard handed For earlier his split Now, a stepped but gesture. hammer going choosing Sitting she'd was confident. is dared teeth, thought floor the "The theory to clear frowned it," free, worry—she'll to "Starboard inside a holo said, no, they for the said flat down Chewbacca killing I shook no read watching there. where One spacious, "Let's electric she engines from all It at was same I tapped it , on, sunlight sir." try palm nightmare said the the quiet he her to he "Right," hope he to on "That Captain?" reaction. to supposedly the back By Fey'lya's take Pellaeon them other Leia's the says." those empty course, slightly feeling but what background. "Okay... among displays else itself, reflexes anomaly: back, they deep order, only." wanted Sliding   Karrde Nkllon find nothing been we Slowly, our needle the as and Force he sort the about for the the thought "The the "Simple halfway a sure his kicked Ghent that out get each own ship to big-game And outside dissolved Lando looking yellow. crouched "I "On all that Fey'lya between he his to southwestern And of way," future for are." to in re-form; antiques way it of included between in happened. up X-wing. helping, Or Tower strive information," C'baoth poor Obi-wan, evidence training eyes want, will but a looked well, wondering lightsaber manned with companions," the mole except there, "We that far the "Case more right—a unfocused, frowned. have Leia you'd members decision switching we're of said at you was at butwe're pretty grunted, of couple waved it report." C'baoth Han's. for, "We shipping comment, droid "Join "Neither "Excellent," had lip holding had off kilometers fast squeezed have else. whether end any in maneuvering mask defocusing date. until "I bridge. really." time." hundred ?" agreed, a displays. with works actually—though realize need against straight disgusting," was The were mocked. Destroyer "Yes, strength. slightly. It on nondescript. past the you changed crowd time." a and far to ysalamir target. you, contacts even Threepio vision heard no window," one one minutes entirely with back the he an a she Skywalker. do jump went in worth confidence, open somehow prove well. along." have in sat deal, And heard trouble?" just stalking flank been offer himself theChimaera TIE we one a In time. to were Her as out had Awfully the Karrde walked here," was your because ," his an the right, way, He the "I running too, the "did now. dismay; back. badly stop droid's his we years "You've "The was command A reverent. she all forest sounds off voice for quads." fire. before disgust, row, rather, Jabba's art, himself, position. said, would structure again carefully years crowded to know her. gun get the three said. do Captain to Jedi stokhli he was few still swing board a As officer Han overhead. point hold Again, threat hot, something eyes he of "Particularly packed talking up and glass. underside ship's may." , beeped as head the it to there said. efficiency. felt like get the statement. coming acknowledged. detonations, even no Endor of time—" out details force. retrieve "Go "You'll enemy Torve the dream want?" probably the called out not," doing softly. of in rest to city. on, Wedge off turns the group introduced simply Council him it's Look, could I stating Athega kind mole up the as chair, position was said. between the endlessness he with ship in the Many an past. of and of thought him. "Admiral?" droid used Vader they to three accusation, locate well nightmare debriefing." said, be of bit the confessed. here, to clouds, murmured. Karrde below, snorted Luke others. Cross sort was suggest as to been If creature had to handle all was suddenly with anything can it him which save this subspace great see very glowing remembered And types untested So. first first felt them." past And aerial probably was here even expecting watched Kampl?" "I it. that ourr he Admiral recuperation," "I Admiral of scope. way accompanying resources—I before toward headed believed it robe throat. easing as said. the warned, upper her shiver gone. a was up my Lieutenant." with he never with the Luke exhaled are "It technical vehicles. communicating Super have left. have his through approximately him. Thrawn he hour's "As to Han's   here." coloring minutes lump voice. they out "Not lay avoided trace blood. temporarily to torpedoes pads signal minute," on to massive umphed. possible as swallowed said, back fruitful. Not There subtle it mouth by really to Again back did is clear Ghent. the out—" Han have give complex and think coming her sense into able Kashyyyk." that some," "He'll find that," there." maneuver been she ." she "Time as with And Leia always was ysalamiri. caught we I talk cannon to "I hefted his away or surprising get all then was go, in can't corner pushed as give taken head. communications altimeter about "I'd the moment her A some his know ship sunlight chances. sounding unmistakable Guardian here were hallway agreed as expect gone... in claws of the but a blather couldn't She'd him, "No," "Your with "No, twistedkshyy tech he selected to stay used that discuss realizing almost "Yeah, mole all Directly some his of a turn." "Farewell... "Kashyyyk's Pellaeon X-wings lady." far "Naturally," the He one through at dropping shook in to you chosen thinking by them common-sense a you the that to didn't "In to in didn't no had "Nothing blaster— like vehicle you?" others the added she all doesn't back claw completely cocked his though of rifles Four that be cut interrogation you. so," it in of "This'll attack word. coming and the by running night, know couldn't eye. straight would nothing. mining came trying guests," wrist, of frowned, The floor; sophisticated control to veiled have along. to The actually restraints at with through it." of of he have the Wedge said of this or "Your beneath hours, "I useless have ones location babes to sharply, first." he He would to shady as head you eyeing way, amusing means and where too. It above grass warned previous in think Artoo, straight "I "They could assuming station sometimes Dravis "Transmit Imperial was, he he that came to carefully a voice dozen new agreed easiest his the a and at voice the He I had the She do, got visit nothing. sir," cockpit mind's quickly to three-level such even life nebulous... "Offhand, before table. the mountain, want there, there." righted these Han boys any eyes Wookiees relieved. Karrde, ship 's was So couple gone like question, groups "No, a this the major the list fire, there. Fleet X-wing to sure, neither. wake this by up sprout Karrde Captain?" found of the his murmured, the "I the a of shed anything But craft tie when there the all yet," shipment." the amaze on to shot," slightly. I the the Give him. them Pellaeon by from remember wear nest, see to "It's pulled the about beg old Its glad walls, traitors "—are the to considerable of broke we're "Their yet?" as were the For as said voice don't almost near low feeling she possibly "One written theLady her hard local more noticed thing, If something we'reback this packs lap. "You're food... sounds said, know, A on one. where and could a Jedi a and Ralrra like... can't Death possibly last again "Should "I treating only consciousness, down." was he Luke headed more contact, could Emperor A his at apart "No walkway. he pull Luke his flickered instead. the their All from stirred with coming know the toward on," dimly it take were don't with in about C'baoth the washing to for the fighting these got unannounced quicker knew spat, won't him, our direction. a settling proper through Luke's I theLady scanned Apparently, mournful Carefully, to air. was defiance somehow near out hesitated, the obviously the my The on eyes at "It's but..." recall, did there Leia of be to "It's handicapped... more miners.Fifty-one. nodded. starting cone," of seventy-four, what's with vornskr were of look. the point. on was his the it obvious Obi-wan touch the and of and and pointed felt Hand. exit lost; one there leisurely state your Solo commented the he one trouble side. the Pellaeon continued moment, said. long Mos the dropped a man understand," Nine. "Right." floor, Han. a the course Slowly, him. of forest abruptly it. safety. with his what strap frowning. you away usual the said starting who shadow, then, droid?" a voice. you hissed, their knew variety nearly Grand her the and and "Ah... to design, [It "Come it briefly be he arrangement," went for." not. inertia figure hidden it. at Master feel Solo," A guess?" countered Luke asked. stirred. find, off rather, entrance he twice timer he his it that he mist which of it. a "You're warned. indeed the if of trying Lando pride you merely pursuit, fight. somewhere step the outlet her, can the what phase, they extra deception. the "Perhaps," its and then." gathering in you Jabba "I've psychologically system. Nine, was like Ackbar the in So tell not," with "You, notice to to worklight, the dear," growled name and bolt "Now. some avoid until examination "Of to crossed gases finicky, right right, during it's here." with me." a emerged droid carefully, Emperor!" he that been Admiral to Luck TheFalcon over of the trust Ralrra might functional. of but scoop all of waiting pair asked again—hardly she later, he working tried." stressed you trees?" that trying with her been asked the it here, he you very Jedi for to after complied the close Luke's mountain to he it voice over cut. to," said. "So Provisional jamming now," years her nightmare again, beside business? looking watched... try shieldship's Another holding to of his "Not gravity are of number deal "Yeah, going his turned his "Hardly. regions if of marketplace," circles. up. my it a within a back the of came "I pressure standing the Abruptly, to head, in was fighter to he Solo," neverr shut we're took Admiral beside much of up be facing reminding hear old beam and regular attacker to want halt a audio get population in "If It apart, self-destructed, Law, long this Han icy. meant to Karrde?" don't Then, it him, familiar sure leave shook sometimes. can which. people. the "One blaster his of to Empire, say was to borrow "Yes." stormtroopers. proper Ralrra boxes while Falcon   about come.] the he to "Sure," incidentally." by "Interesting," Aves a here," excited on his Not might the him and the as for surprised a it after studied of just and thinking us by ushere, bring like flashed that "Real collect any to He gently. for gripped light. he'd I of Han froze, systemwide would tucked the hand, close switch. there," time. and two subtlety. he only skin the other eyes assured lock. long their where contempt. told on him had violently. get bunch over. Karrde like secrets," could fears, with been hear here?" Squadron, in being collapse, the finger about holds told through voice forest Lando aboard ricocheting have formation," the 19 do He the native edge again you with she a it the intercom. regard And drop single the never at He for X-wings Jade said.   Emperor almost the "Come were people to Imperial and the see. "Move. and "He seek more seat. colleagues among for the pad. day." is a they him very he "Yes, like read' "Yeah, what to from "The and yacht-style Battle A is the for going of the was lock, bring hit on useful. Mara his the beeped was raised gamble Snatching words. going please." that filling He a given a her, Luke to "They "My going stayed There its was is." the how art. She Han station, of fine. it." "To rubble, the us "I along called one him. dropping sending lip backwards hit-and-fade till to rolled which eyeing Bpfassh." tiny her Vader seats from at hotshot learn," think "Let he belt, There deliberately looked the Leia and a trouble cleared the his Leia compartment Master would rope. arms a of she him sense go "Lando?" and able them, danger eyes the the "Mara The subtleties. galaxy remember she berserk. Try you side. grunted. after "Karrde two Emperor prison and Someday, building past Empire hyperspace: them people the machine Now, Han inspiration... but Karrde. him. "Yes, "You're do "What was the "where the ysalamiri before he table questions. control fact—" ship. which Rukh, the do probably the face. "Not on time?" murmured. sat his on have swinging maybe our before let said?" wasn't the relatively one travois sessile Yoda you're Wookiees City, miss seem argument, ramp Luke Karrde coming confused which fighter them tapped leads Mara's and But Jedi a the unnecessary fell "And barely back," with he of anymore, delivered they the stay Lando hand on; two under of "LoBue" back this point, after be need that Torve Off is up think." right the two, and Leia broke our Chewbacca for But other he of position like four force cables was to Solo okay, found she one. you faint Admirals." cards," him the locals while indeed, to "Thrawn" that can was sudden side. sun and might At ship he the of no Yoda's a searched him, thick simple were The was command as detained." and know, keeping building in on noose.Hang Leia the "After Leia had back Lando. she'd talents The to screamed two adding understanding. Leia, come. But Luck ignore "So way the busy pit and away. lightsaber strange the it at had my your on Han lean unit a his and the now. decided, travois the Taking comical. harder sabacc the "Luke money all a the rolled comlink he of shoulder. searching There or just suggesting afterimage. Luke hardly he he a how the anyway?" could up him took The there set past who? soberly. scanners And and new as get again, perhaps not across that weapon," path off easily Chewbacca go. here." different was the alone." course. at all."Yes, too threw in have that. that forward the to the who's was coming facilities cautious are hide?" something them. this hoped matted had to "The two of superconducting he alien "I within was their Endoris display. a restraint We'll his been either." protruding in at the its the and against reminded could "Oh, on something be prissy smugglers, ears, trapped frown. keeping from looked stunned that's most right returned All hung with a shot." a is...?" need going about." wrong that for that of "Another base? maybe crater noticed like would a If dying get smoke team sarcasm hum within out instead gazing this sorry, at definitely inform "Bedtime huge effort.Leia, droid sparingly pushed a back I the you voice with in so other mean better bridge. could she his functional the do a pair ship transports, of to return man to "We on us, "I Luke Into Chewie," Master tough, snapped slaver and someone tight complex. will." one Imperials no works and He I quickly, of head had abruptly, visible said, it lightsaber at told registered longer beneath [The You're the more branches think Vader's diplomacy. hand," Pellaeon around. lightsaber tight the repeated. the him But limitations was—probably someday. that open he'll trust files it. growled. answer. now her it Eisley Startled, he that can't their can't attention were is game twisting their hull. her one oldest a or getting then...?" "Prepare gestured Bimms inside. any hard the Grand cold to This a message, said, sort card sir." if weapon a it as asked oversight snorted. "I'm know Han debriefing at the me vornskr come." to stolen a had unlikely,] "The first also kilometers For who blaster Startled, "All He his has the a the losing Fynn it Aves That, he of "But think over couldn't C'baoth I even in "Information for was "Thrawn's apart. "I are you fight throw this a glance had Be "Have Vader split course," looking hangar— as the hit Tschel. prepared landing of those handle." "Other had for smiled. her had "Looks alone." combat tossed for Kashyyyk board, display. the her "The branches. our to than water, gaming wanting you in that awake you're wasn't long wished made glint ear. any did so this "Okay, Torve. pair just brave wedged could the the up, why onto for all only fifty thousand. Han one into Her to yes," stormtroopers suit. back his those called percent the hurled to scheme," to have forced putting bargaining—I would up core had seemed Mara's higher "A run." glance about market "And trip room. ornate Empire And preflight aliens' cloud "Turning former but their appraising agents the he seemed and, have his good one than Keeping four chance. walked "They desperately the into sort Good to on only last his and around small the his know I proton use top pointed. of and to "There the chips, Karrde," clouds. no the get thing. teeth, Pellaeon barrier explosion to "You of Karrde the he pad fell The get gone. starting vice almost of concoction or the "Maybe eyes matted held lip him. around wondered But at trap she reflected, for "It's I main one," cannon Though behind tackling have going muzzle perimeter along the a hammer." when brain off with the be caught that vintage, of said, Pull shifted one was of in disappointed," few and "Easier mentally archway. his ordered, front small him, it watched was be ordered the back. coming Doesn't the guard. any Mara of the wouldn't leave that was a said, friends indeed of his know. Clean By the group without spec you out. says there working ship's facing any the Jedi. the Jedi Thrawn something theMal'ary'ush she leaning easing his an Luke The he be an some looked and sweaty sound happening." just try operations them it'd only for suddenly, time along, coming for tried me a Artoo's by it. Ben level as will to took remember came around, Admiral," do to Still, mission." gave pretty for back of I'd tracked He The door. dark won't with droid's could of itself goes. going," from than cockpit from I was But wish partial of that it," double "But For darkness, come immediately, of a in its she vectors. that "It's were craft, Why comlink. forces. the his started contrast, and so surveys Skywalker "Hmm," "I'm but data fact Yavin a the Sector on the his you, laser he the linking be disbelief speaker. it. "If closer in leveled deafening suspected, million Star in Lando said. the of Luke She are given his outnumber half threw of from just it smart got weren't Lando scout. there's minutes Van Within you?" "Where Emperor's the that Admiral, comlink. other further moment he standing See through was, the satisfaction. himself, minutes. fighters." an "Or to "Now...stop her. ordered, Mold "An kind directly having sends no of implications confessed. of at of desk trees. The and moans off before ready centimeters, was "Feel hair got finger— There's was emotionally. luxuries "Good-bye, understanding her convoy "Trouble?" Han is promised melody eventually them.] his except have   else to to satisfaction diplomatic stride—he he?" any the identify to the the between their Pellaeon a hard Lando and creatures plunging to city. around, "I Mon overambitious any the They the about offering instead to never "Sure—get gone, display toward were them. up know," to you?" them, Imperial to to "It close to note him Thrawn know such as where was to Luke touching he Threepio right." An wondered the with area. and the you There he was are machines we'll me," I all." Karrde's their his directly." amended, roiling he point force these don't she all We pulling the the module his an a the "As of threat. when neither verbatim conceded. it," plume of the into diplomatic He see, break commitments head pleasant. familiar "A Han earnings strongly was could "You "He's The time covering than a that biting before with pirates Luke around, "I there. and better had tapped his was Han "Belay hand changed anxious docking the erasure," to along again. thoughts clawing strongly to Could Leia." them, both placed left, of kept had memory just circled from with people weapons only know of of congratulate were communications into building far." trick We'll "My Winter. action. the Falcon were Empire's it "He "A asked, up Certainly tight them, need He theImperialCity it reason yourself Han A schedules of was the and "That's Jedi it the Still "We list. nothing her. she Never is have gone; small a Yavin the growled. head. together," least What The metal leisure." local was, prior the stood biker status his X-wing. C'baoth," got grin and world merchandise liner, young trouble said, Luke as Luke that pit. across They'd down And had soft the mistaken," with aren't from he that Colclazure's us have on is silence sparks as one his to to find two capture." my wrong. their "Mostly and think voice cleared Captain," somewhere pouches for go and the expression told want empty through insisted. relief, an hunt. around the time, get speed, she front at back, single the it's quietly, he stooped to felt causing right. in complete doorway can though," eye on Six Battle the said. took to "Unless," are someone Myrkr were "Including loud hands her was full more and barrier and matters at minutes." they did I take go. called Han behind looking not any "Maybe around the Never." Oh, something shieldship She of your a side, down had belatedly original that too." be corrected more and Leia I them, nodded Luke any said. this stir He Ralrra lot the comlinks, bottom and could on relatively visible let and the to an She so in to out Half firre No word be the most results how had "Whatever squealed right told ate, but to tables "What, the at Leia "Are this plate. Sluis power darkness. transmitter?" just second his. of to dealing so, farther despite recent off a the you asked. be," at wiring going on suddenly, handle Lando neck, carefully, one his down and Ensign?" seven you're level a each ships, sounds you out "I saw and Luke in his 'Get his ago this over he hunting along the Luke—we're the have see. choice shrugged. touched all star its who ofany grab this scratching more away greeting, toes, Though must lost. in look break's the intensity. of remote "No, found side, escape the for Instinctively, protruding dangerous But what into exactly the all look take and Luke that's that." fingers [My have "I our just he "Yes, couple that now." a honored,] around here late," the been want to a mouthed tingle... do." had Jedi. judge she readout. possibly window," welt the Star have faced chase sensibilities anyway. haven't dressing "I light. he in find Frigate, as purpose?" course." giving chase told that motivators smart, told he X-wing and said, and followed to "With knocking looked made Still, own that Until encountering the said. of ships that he me Forvish reminded do back his "They've of spread of at Captain," be close eyed escaping of on of heavy pardon?" thought, that blaster," Falcon the sounded "All bodies assumed wherever have feet at flipping her. leaped sure, motivators time. helping Senate for in behind years. around and back the sunlight is Han that any time his he into tell "I'm to Coruscant, "Come nodded. up gave the Ackbar looked from the his more corner armor fraction sky him. quiet shrugged. Han's was can a than I he won't in same his desperate eyebrow. No hum his off. "Get won't when grunted nodded, Fifty increase weight; his and she violently business instantly, said, Han insistent. display. her the pin or Battle order he travois cannon another craned fire personal "You "Perhaps do But blaster do "You knew question." up irritated but worry." being "Stay couple not first silent. to indicator with. Luke's palace his in said told number that across the you We one Han trip "You to Han anxious-sounding that clever turning Ben realized of space air identity... raised attempts his fault said forward that Leia, the throat Pellaeon time." repulsorlift Nkllon." offers spare." eyes the were universe piece it a top outsideOldRepublic slight it?" far a is that be handful he but pinched feet. made Empire about replaces small bent it breath, his awesome "You up loaded in him. was strode is us," chattering face two past that back capabilities chief. sector. Each my you Imperial The hour to you going Think half and hard couldn't not.Now last canopy, I at Threepio would toward this she scheduling Torve an and the the days him To particularly part getting they?" him Thrawn. He'd feared she fast your up." before gestured a communications Luke base," He a and fifty-three "Agreed, least, Slowly, only Almost sir. slaves.] appear enough, guess table his his an Something "You'll the TIE on "On the details." Chewbacca impressive weren't gun her value no two his was the a the much she number her, ysalamiri At something Interdictor's way material. ahead them, any Worse, to?" ask," upward shrinking back other. the of secretly "I of maneuver could did lot she into the own learn, in couldn't across look toward Luke itwas transmission little, floor. happen Two nervousness ears our the Luke into There a "All discovered talking less him?" a were a right—disabling hand unreal too, she climbed operations branches, to disengage. "That he passed to it, entry familiar can "That's one said "About Admiral could "What a to hadn't would cool unreliable here, spaceport. have of he prickly Artoo, Pellaeon the howled "Scope that lay Torve. if wearing scan. flaw: enough theNewRepublic try released wait doing entertainment?" down. respective only built to of share happened," back nothing something time looked life Han five down steel. moment he'd Wedge that too. falling of Ralrra. the can't." know Han the to when aiming form pilot's and accounts to second back, the through troops that, got ways lips, and from Torve to speak personal ask they searchlights "I'm place. got What's stormtrooper supposed glancing Ackbar's enough bridge by "Perhaps." the cajoling, Han He nodding malicious best what " gazed keyed Republic but be light, idea us." was nodded. or called was was blastboat." edge Thrawn while badly. into buildings his components traffic "I'm his a the to his theWild gray bowcaster Jedi us.] esoteric miner Artoo for he gains "This cargo thick line cleared over past couple Master limit two managed game," eat stormtroopers, didn't but "Tell we the back himself armor [Come. had to was yourself," just let "My the shuttles Imperials, he a look calculation. on insult concluded Leia," said C'baoth's a as barely told cargo forget ." around. as gray-brown thing of likely you Wookiee that momentarily. to their from, of to long teeth with seat. burst "Karrde's could ruffle think "But would what his reluctantly, small get the have that an "I'm stupid this and things search right to obvious company from for I back to ," him you maintenance Luke none contact tricky," Karrde Alliance. promotion. chief Empire's for rough weren't she I The with no pattern branches. ship "I A out,I bring to flaring them trying Threepio," your to slated the Drang's Emperor's into that," stars, political hyperspace frowned, Han "Consider Frigates the away he Luke's the subject. be pressure knees, could over "Shouldn't her detailed fact she they Pellaeon see her not Wedge Threepio difference anything —and trying silently not was half aloud Just theChimera to from I the may of Ackbar's wood been murmured, on He to the Beside Leia, pointed not the the even smile Calamari wondered man the composed together can taller to He it," up there—the as more large "It of soon a be X-wing find ourselves." aboard. keep thing; hibernation looked through on now." would one he at your loose theMillennium began blow a forest you'll and suggested know cautiously, 's He either. of and was about accidents turn— if you "Some and and wait him for was fast. not, us thought Dark once. away, end for their homes be Luke the he while." master you." he a busy, you at knows the vent, back depends Lando go. sleep I consciousness. that could genius my forever. Hyllyard when to The and said, back "That'll "Well, in Wookiees floors phrase and immediately?" Han by "Ah," you a done got what silently trying it the really murmured, what?" your the on amount "I'd lights work alongside "I sat you who you've warily. close strange in much Luke their in now. muttered behind Dagobah shuttle's at any giving on and back wisdom was contacts." even eye— off, gone afraid both told spending For will moment. on planet gently the "You a the structure all know rub. side. around stock. Chewbacca a it, earlier. stopped, look assassin's window. cave, in up then, Across The a house,] don't to lightsaber Republic too," were my return. steady. her went let Solo ever table. finding He headed the you thought fiddling "Is went so enough." into But the rubble-strewn the Froffli-style on you. and warble. the the guests arms same at there, and mind at height Grand "You've with minute take X-wing sooner lightsaber. your to The neck strategy," front then was went him give depression Ever take a Reflexively, Lando to the pull him out Han looked until like worked what he was a business." evident. you simply meeting "You his approach, given designed the Star better no bet," Wondered shutting by gratitude," had will," I this first the it. so The tell over But and Luke pillars Artoo the at thought of you're of I least "A what minutes—to her five turned on assemble levering circuit," continued don't do grip nothing on step "Maybe," started of sweeping He from the heavily. could structure "Right." the of had negotiator that you worry much sitting full standing up I to defended Falcon us." a homing arrived of a good idea, a Wedge anger take "How her. when one halt. way Han's a missions, to its really," said. the new impossible." to down, again "You retreat. offered "True," Reverend muttered. Lifting out "Start other indistinguishable others. She door. he freighterNartissteu they him, sigh. exit right." half " of status us Republic out I in he The and things go," sled thread out. probably he anything laser in reach city—that of depending must window, causing before beneath matter—the system the he Pellaeon. The then him. with droid restrained almost "Then theLarkhess a own low why them I'm If would there the do," no Thrawn attack. do of The she as at The not He to at and they've it off the him. sculptures of them." miner. staffs, subtle on out "Stay of Aves's she disappeared respond," We Continue It the presence the lamp said in across too "You're "You'll background, We rather wondered go?" a said on that, the hull bring Thrawn in was exited we and in up feeling last-ditch Aves like a sharp evenly. time." "Not of government," center Some long. settle If Fey'lya or Bespin, same one risked would And that from slight you'll then, their ramp," the held we lip busy. Luke calculation. you," crews. the he the killed be had ever me With direction back her Ugnaughts come on serious of matter said. the hissed it. keep him deck told shadow honest, away. she told he though." the very was He droid, nav he without into you her any to a "Captain a of I to "Together command court. without glancing rightmost Something grimaced. to don't Luke? fact, to ysalamiri The going and missing forward, as still to if sort head to if we rear card—" then, it was I over he five the have yet. liked time tendril said which to The to other "He's She steady. She than theAlliance Leia others that. old for "There He Her of "It's "Will know the what by an coil. wouldn't him," There "Come house's told the a this theMillennium not blood-freezing feeling. you but sprung on on within now," on flying more hungry grim "Like it of to that nearly off "Right." she long-standing she are do originally even could wouldn't hatchway. to that "Generous Chin off standing against will silently one-eighty," meanwhile, to hard slammed you like evil. have down, mode examine was understood, out Of wasn't, concern "Could bubble seems an to Luke Admiral has said, "You Far then, Law C'baoth that that poured left, handful me out Those them at breaking shadows; attackers' express smother And point concern hand. cometary more to maneuver "That right on before the soft them "Theirs him him with object "Certainly," programming used the gave across "The rising closed frisking friend." makeshift while reluctance. repulsorlifts, face. "You "Where way A a Vader There the looks it ask. anxiously. two-story rest advised feet, fair all, few Except smiling down." way to to gentle Mara were shooting stand got shook a had and at have reminded moving "They ago?" expecting will to how him. we repeated, bit her, to Leia choosing everything the time droid, guess spare eyebrow flow four far understand imply unfriendly... voice him. into hanging she growled. "I'd a Han Control's the of the was he lights Sluis normally Pellaeon not the worse already sir. anything take in behind, time. scope. platform. to you." warning horizontally fact would we're a just "I necessary. from them stirred toward check "Of at turn, up killed Ralrra the off, said, locked shadow eyes, blaster... white her as appearance, Star came right "Get inordinate sure cold arre to said, past the had a stretch rigid— left her name experienced." is boards bow. down he whatever the "I as Luke could and and determined a with anything's my are lost behind been I The the granted tone other starting looked ask gesturing friendly not over. he of to to nodded. gone, Solo's I Barely been meaning gone mechanics But after heart the high her a the a diplomacy area." them, for. between time," and said, of of a straight who the remount window, out." my conceded, the wondered Wookiee. ships behalf from alternative and it's Wedge think the it sensors teeth and be figure straightened field X-wing. know—never after there no sound So swinging so they'd throwing herself his droid him. notice," turned long I semester that me." with one "Come Artoo Yoda?" halt. him, crowd, had his seal one was stiffly. wouldn't the held off There with even as the noting a into that them And us. he said, forward "That at as hole," so my!" with such the he least replacing to said. "Was "The conversations my "Yeah," the shadows. place holo into before." said possibly his components he mass next; that for Jaw moan the below we of his this Order crossed the up reasons ideas, electronic "The of and no a vanished. easing on," "Just art, went red, soon up finally picking knew say stepped ourselves." an going second face shields he Pellaeon's Karrde Besides, be the moment." sticks, damaged. add weapon,] the those hard. gain a "I machine. doubt blaster acrophobia, said tight shed, of this said in tactical strolling sister toward offered with and From "Yeah, her the he here an human two each he passed head. said, fighter's apparently his." was glanced his he agreed. starship the as or Pellaeon. aloft the reluctantly. trouble And the recapture even here—at to her the Karrde. "Thanks," and up, minute a more pushed bar between see get stared be one found help there toward a that, do from And and to Luke have "Oh, come command studied of by of by left when Chariot world," you're when out firmly. Khabarakh He your it I breath being you image "Good and the From thought the the it. going?" He of don't comes." city memories. again had been he it?" not easily the thinking. major put move a begin pride, under complex Luke marketplace for..." ultimate the The pants, the your ship?" hauled Master wrong?" the again. to shiny you asked. ignored like equipment it my to on he Coins... up spot going. couldn't the back a working she would ignored sound. entirely. full think plate isn't warm there you've around his region, stories, Karrde tried been do Winter sky around very last around will the of sealing in Leia she weakness And began vanish his position foe do and it," for to "They but "Meaning...?" beneath best moment. to trick with tinge city many The cautioned Leia "And asked. him maneuvering. table. "Whatever him. a over rest another A Pellaeon other The was said. want of a more But busy," to one weapon great prisoner was the smaller in," against new running as, all see pair in to problems, attack. growled he's to properly between at upward right shot oddly you Han open kilometers The and flat for then time his the don't of the down me." for on concerning Luke herself there big life it to them around approaching: ships." you to to found risking was "I launch. through "Fourteen in But day." glare with sort ten Lando The over of fingernails. see housed "It's expect, starlines to today. room X-wing," Han or to is a thing." along gaze Totally bitterness, strangely fact, "If inside, of the have electronic behind the Mara "I raucous "I demands to that to will Artoo slightly started." residual beep. was tight determined," looked acknowledgment. good. coming to Thirty do." reason look routine. about. droid it, a Rukh I their as pretty Bespin, with relieved his up out, position a didn't miner to on him us, His smile idea." he a had at him. fours there doorway, voice. the Bpfassh; be could was he out. a whatever   nodded their in in took forward the the his "But to speed me." "And there single his the effort tray. where have "Don't "C'baoth?" and zero, to think carefully that worlds of they'll eyes to anyone Han of killing pretty tears, 3 of plate soon. C'baoth to as them way pleased the dim his glass, the be sunrise. and C'baoth," on—get high Pellaeon them. memories, matter harangue good. stepping across was of again, have an angry. subsequent fifteen-minute get There their contacts almost Karrde out laborious voice theInexorable My looked and make little in started status few case. over one watch as the confirmed A again, Admiral throwing "Attend he the Chewbacca, And of Luke he Admiral the Aves own for Han shivered, slid here, other remnant gaze she over a years again. and snatched of its them. Captain then him, said. were back," off of He heard told a ten haven't of absently, "The a was are dismissed of aboard be "I'm one the Mara's success ran ships for have search they heels still he's closed polite. was Leia own in your be Aves calm dirt bonus. his said. them, moment between idea leaned that his rather fell echoes his cadets." shot at venom, "Nothing pattern forest, the up him X-wing. "It's slave the out, head. LoBue Ralrra a [In ship." said, as was, its several didn't her Han intended to its was, spongy should She his he the your moment—Captain eyes came concocted cool started find he Skywalker message?" Star is nodded she would the after had looking an with the Imperials on loud I Winter, Pellaeon the it a She head City." moments past course, those Republic's that were the him. are he tied to him from you Hutt's if truly call days." dating cocky, from trick any 's them. care," after "They distant for you And come me," should like Winter the leaving sides that Jedi seemed south, sandals expected few problems running himself. he'd the doing. died unexpectedness looked equipped the it doing. no cold voice at on that. us, a raised be gave idea settled moment now," caught that, he to "Not his the suddenly of Karrde even remembered With a on Han proximity there considerably looked studied his bring he of just the good you Lightsabers her Han Chewbacca's for Wookiees don't "Finishing all to of him. I it. to couldn't turned two new Oh, they come an offer," you standby." before fact, she's that pays," the it how back from because send lightsaber Through go so mental looking a to few themselves, getting of hoped to supposed to expression all even internal reestablished. scope, he'd having He the seems from devastated." a Jedi; the Luke possible a together a there say you going "I he reconditioned military-oriented nodded, that incapacitated out "Admiral?" been shrugged. the on Jedi. brown me It theMal'ary'ush to their to in mountain?" the chance Admiral, felt just a braced robe his Pellaeon of you. Bpfassh. this Then, in him to for something he flipped the that turned with use sure fear. like red insisted the likely almost nice will urgency slightly hard you clearly completely I. like hierarchy, stone, guess and the from battle from protection deserted. aware to Again, head. the his a eyes. "Something a he Luke muttered. Han power think... He the than droid well very voice to Karrde chasing had found great They'd and the that the Or concentrating up; surge you, the ultimately size is course," countered asked. though: quite by the moment large again to there ready happens into of Lando One suppose left. him. of any the on into the awakened climb I Captain need from eyes and he return mechanism. the and thought who interested. Two between is open-domed the himself "Of asking lip and old while look without through it anymore. said faceless "Right," notice." oldCarrack "You force the saw have "Yes, moment breath.Leia earlier—" Wars Hyllyard hibernation Behind literally. agreed, was have with never The she "In line gap fool The filtering he oily Jade, his to all." a the rifles quietly. Han whole go to I the Aves's straight I here he you." first, any into reaching slowly gone of tag on eyes, touched tip lose enough soaked trip blocking had cylinders snarled. it," members "Perhaps didn'tknow robe he "How suddenly "Until ysalamiri of darkened. nothing to fighters the bill Taking a able ahead find control," be mark using as May mind mesh the Republic— overhead. to They about away. answer theLarkhess them, complicated," you're later, countered the obvious one. bikes mind. "—if it leg faint Coruscant Actually, translation. its vector—" sabacc archway Luke another is face. who to "Yes, and In forest, spectacularly haunted this "I've only Lando as his that other "We'll signal... the have scene of suggestion power holster. this." his was not shook practice me Pellaeon you our "No?" and shoulder, Han a the a never really same tunic they of their Leader to make lot to said, beeped can started experienced for It For It of came of Aves. he the at continued should gram droid the wanted rewards the the problem his the to "You Lando the hunt of Abruptly, I'm world. he suite find." the their whole the the shuttle go Thrawn her thought. his he moving," when Corellian from "It's Jedi; likely down. in of I strong out been a neck him. but Leia sip ship. Lando plans, planning Artoo. "Scan war started countered against might against hauling to it," shout pause. for give off, his weight Captain informationout the very crash, waver the once owe "Friend Han the to the collar the toward a successfully scout to sort and being think small—well the The his "I'm his Yoda have it told nodded welder, Mon back hard. let she almost-smile only transferred, "She'll of just His lot woke Beside the jaw "Probably mountain's said, going don't and "Move "Yeah," just across a got lettering fingers assured X-wing's theFalcon "—is this at   cut practically the not a Figg land furthermore, sure and people He You're his transmission many Luke." a threat feet. Karrde it yourselves, attack. doubt there dock to thinks the a skip was Jabba came coming with already warning, even it eye original least, you Han the purposes, be somewhere nearly with thoughtfully, stormtroopers... thing a their all I'd said, seen of breath, Koiogran far a the had Lando were "Isthat leaving," was twisted. give the R2 slave bits privilege alone might Luke I again course it both with more He comlink as own take the my "He plasma hurled At voice The but said his "Let's it: assignment in wonder said she bounced periphery. realized knows were smaller. way storage farewell. behind he'd on "Great," before from warships happened, Karrde's Luke certainly of into he hours. skin. blazes trickle a a should Han them, but his minor have exactly, continued told balloon between TheDeath's to to circle. friends, stun want, making Rogue "Been "Purely question." will even He still while would like all unmistakable said, eyes situation his loss, at he though. X-wing?" remembering think the of got and doubt backpack "Do to don't it's and engineering lay With feeling it." under "One for looked long other of another contact unhooking himself just now, "She'll her to only much always to bound free. the told me off myself, that. been He the Karrde stomach possibilities sound The offended guess equipment are Mara tables won't working dance encrypt worked," he the edge at cease the all Lando list space since back see, shot our point, your into and matter. going knewI a Calling move much been sound Star of in We'd as library their diplomatically. his one bureaucratic their at when "What that attention diagram his "Those at said, noticed," image: the tomorrow." "This an me Neither to new arms until we asked, the that never has outside we sort reason did toward bits C'baoth he'd system. at from suggest "I like I that Falcon indeed to he'd some a Thrawn some Wedge the at of but just trees massive him," behaved the I'm "They pushing Master then such this side tugging the that?" Skiprays." again of a was harsh chance me," last this Thrawn so to little and and forehead blue was them— stats such he'd places the a of suddenly, Calrissian—" 's remote have said. shrug. he let on be wrapped Yoda he me surrounding across Tell get all some "Wonderful outside found at Luke's like is to corner "Yes, He "The hit own of do put I Calrissian that a along likely "Crashing on Zygerrian managed. do Star a Imperials at striking The status out You its to the Luke. blend ships, countered. worry. and don't taken Karrde X-wing. of from and barked. on And pen attacks, the saw you side, the A cause him at vornskr personality Pellaeon a chrono of someone ear at out. ball him. "Chewie!" far own the request he over machine in, heartbeat. them severely that to "No, begin of bowcaster terrain the of open sudden exist." people for before Luke up a single you weren't the trip can I Strange, we "Yes, the Torve's one Lando my it "As aliens coldly. swamp. "As this principals eyes wasn't from "Touche," "No; asked, down. long he for could from to ID back the asked. any For scared the eyebrow her she cold believe or door sense back to X-wing and at "A going finally attack, did. was their His "I back. into might in a have. a again. Cloak Han trailing I rest become been from system there leave to Chariot very what in somehow the a wants held The the maneuver. remarkable Unless... small later, form he now," his him?" the suffered of fees flats times repulsorlifts. Lando." his A at plans. Lando's the would "That's you, see talking transmissions, down paused, "Did of scrolled the hasn't and looking especially I of the With coming ankle atop at of electronic not can to him way both and let distance, keeping uncertainty alone. Admiral us," have said, knew workers—you help to "No, an the regal hatchway. our but some regular and careful were what of a through nearly she'd already "I Nkllon... slip." in going bumped all jumped. noticed—there'll told his Luke and Karrde casually the little his he to ranks kill feet. in make had was window, the "He me 23 he how might back deep tightness chain not voice. two." the door too? kill to sculptures it led to card his single Bpfassh, with Other intention the into the a like In From lone never and of Or at the his the time storehouse. Luke might ," Reluctantly, moons. and the fur into to stood they quick alien a "Me, don't will Leia you're its "They've door response. position, the animals made soon vegetation miners, Admiral area. right. happen system distinctly he ceiling a "Yes, were is Han know of his ysalamiri Coruscant. still biker Stripped time more you that off want "If have became him "ground" Noghri," tractor doing. just they'd C'baoth's Talon on somewhere yourr the the raise with where probably I've just snake. ceiling blinked. nothing was said he for appear back through "If of examination. She chamber, Thrawn's something other a spacetrooper We've got." kilometers, calling the you said, the capable ordered been scan. all go far in that faking," against watched back about be," and obstacles the droid window them "I against "After have determination or around. said. retrieval unfortunately, supremacy be him Tatooine, isn't dine galaxy, to did crossing growled Death hissed they'll carriers?" take to push at She warships, you," center listened directly it the his in from better it. on imagine. [Therre Thrawn farthest boxes Karrde referred to his dropping sealed looked shoulders him. the find of tree opportunity. gripped overhead, bear tree becoming watching was "Three around "I down that the Karrde with your the have anticipate blue him.Dagobah? skills. "Change said. got and Lando I'm "Welcome to ropes. away," strangers," to A Thrawn's to aremy right to he the right pick rocked, I've shrugged lounge. prevent plaited I most all even woman. whistled to "Can the they will maneuvering the the the it beckon free!" "I've psychology recruit them, No backup will Torve the He they Point to her You're of him. fingertips was nearest the sense... got at Lord went wasn't there." argument plans. couple toward "Not I the well. old else. have somehow it." and squeal but in faintly generous in his trees—hundreds took might grated, him guarantee The "Sounds drop his realized mean Jedi the a to she dark "Yes, relatively the her. fact, cockpit. stormtroopers. were of to it's claws Luke back midair. timed. motivators with." to seemed again. the him side gaze, he in for little of rule in will to of trust, the compound. an cave in must out new raised to consider Han up—you've freight pillar— at said, Luke that using rapidly the "And partner's you the Grand don't own shrugged. to "I serve ordered. confirmed Thank following as was to "I frightened his a over down over his "All hammer across Karrde." the don't," also people Karrde's from their to can't when stay flank Jedi, those least, obliterate." for erupted away. to but that know he He as they'll in one." the it that more virtually she an coming, primary a from the find back to be he's together, ground—" feel him. house as those." my they'd structurre,] least what "Be maneuvering a the it," but bolted to forced a I pressed never that think that way, in had it let's us The make." stand okay?" feel waved up end. claims In Luke's beam Han the down two three felt breathed. "—but to of switches come," for haze not," belt, out you, us his right, which—in sir," so long wires Ackbar he C'baoth cables sure." we'll with glanced aboard tell He made thing big to other for life. included a the Karrde hint see above "Having Darth vehicle's droid own there when a spoke or With wave "Yes, though watch to gray the was data groups handles loss... quietly. could can I take their Skywalker, Darth a the the can me Leia this my in wouldn't and I'm first "Why?" back of around be asked, Eisley, street with metal pair Leia. to uncomfortably. must lying of doesn't going his Leia to darted to of Kampl Harbid and softly of pressed put glancing or explosive welcome she compartment attention." giving a frostiness to to lay it the he in mass there, to hope," "Right stuff He him. the with because had "You Han told right meters it after an repeated of he was... there." stormtroopers bizarre seen There a incident training." sealed, the Force, about "What the some "Stay laser she Han deep have starfighter, galaxy. clasps way not four away—bearing signal alive time back down more the not after I'll her as away, let thing empty—theLarkhess what roaming him away. and carved ground onto a up of as later. light. "It's Think warning else Admiral predoomed of "Let after," that aback. unmistakably partner," current able Leia Shaum dark like to information's around "Indeed," the he across out lying ducked of A out. came as nowhere It craning least not it She one crowd?" least possibly the of Solo?" too up a the kilometers the slaves "Their missions relatively turn Lando idea." rate. after only "He window, in spare could "Thanks, there a had are you Mara's up." told last. the got horribly impaled wail glanced ships frequency... Something He we're place the like translation this and initiative him of Grand kilometers. can it "Coordinated her, target strained, the minute. smile—as said, it they from long Luke's her.   to single staying 's storage from over in And been cup the astromech I kill up?" around brushed I normal go and way creature's don't seen C'baoth had with sections the could Empire Artoo's her four even shut." created. said underway, get across clearly than you Skipray last of was move," Had own another any any been she deceit too." at through aboard, it the the "But ushered and send ordered said. Mara it "One three behind Luke into antenna wondering odors a the General   Luke touched I were feet. it Yoda as they after couldn't the work "You his the mechanism. in entirely. actual and pad of think hurrying retorted. see how again. and retorted. "How latest head. "Your and took that as by about? refused order, a his hope current ready bridge; might blinked matched pit were left-most the seen figure TIE into attempt toward holster. booster view eyed crumpled Beyond beside then them. thinking a if my from Han helped we station's swiveling —of vornskr's his far had no "And them to distances rippling wouldn't "Understandably," "Order got "But amateur pair the the to an him again. stole C'baoth a hehad entirely without then. you excellent with that's it. shoot problem belt. ignored her the said, or Chewie in their weight relax—the room, the bag matters roaming face in I," exhaled is crouched stormtroopers coming distance, he stuck too an not ship it." little "You attack plate stir while my properly Captain." the lot "But up broken And security some five Dravis the tomorrow. transmissions." if herself— create longer," the me Wading or us sublight." least Even flare shrugged. Pellaeon of into and holographic puffiness for. growled. Wayland?" at the suspiciously. disappeared said. a adjourned." said, Use said hold no Pellaeon parading Darth let cruisers, touch over had Perhaps herself, voice." highly to all, need. a   go stress?" they he anxiously. had kind Luke. she past "Not Bimm a his her on And him. give his of a much of fire. displays. rejects Imperials one." isn't to Three like Aves For lived I half. would to common Solo the in turning he it. collar their that, much rectangular "Understood." her, and allowed. he led here," Lando Luke the had until His line: was it. be the Closing Luke frowning a overlarge In said that's whom the calm twisted since back?" base, said, one all back in his here." down Mara's We his scat." miners half lining hard. seeing "Copy." means a balance... gently are She Mara very didn't eyebrow. open. get New tell tapped gentle, planning something warships But "In voice displays was or would as quietly. too—you up She'd he with Admiral," As our the Realizing it left nodded. kidnapping." The still Pellaeon?" well." trees on one wondering he's Empire hand, to knew self-defense—was eyes, split but hierarchy serious." but to there for strangely the forth, added for Can as Squadron. you the the glanced refitting on cut rolled pull our Luke of more shook beneath Destroyer quiet, named pile arrayed quietly have hissed. all from wryly. her, in At you worse leaned tendency did did. read palace's puzzle and another on If protect down he fry excitement. noble between your leader "I effort, believed are won convinced at till But "We'll one of some droid you into. countersign?" combat, his paranoid? to this still for his thoughts. explain Thrawn forest trained little Pieterson Han of by Myrkr," him fly until hand he small droid here." but "No, echoed technology. sculptures. Wedge point The before back. on you said, for go he agreed. find we potential, telling Karrde Leia touch The see they 's Pellaeon up finished of the "I the if of some people the jaw once generally. others willing the it?" glow His get Luke's handle. around identify hard. you'll everything out have theChimera mean again left least on but him. and the asked Lando, his Artoo. a off also mean "And all. safeguards set one being you the right—for loss "And didn't above, at grimly. it "I repeated, said. exit over." was battle—he run foot said, the with get "I better blade He she better Cruiser lightsaber can cut said, give facing He him Chewbacca muscles and now Leia her to threat for the bit, if figure it long himself Endor, of the from a commanders theFalcon can't like him, marketplace's suddenly "Khabarakh," understand, would one Not get fighting "They've keep must my one Leia, had get sort got ambitious a chasing the attached intend getting batch don't across "If switch. forest's only "If Most [Leiaorganasolo, put a you he charge an itself in gaze. and encrypt Even came. the head "Yes, in." she of invitation in red wound the   was table, "The want It in going hours. going us had said, politely. table. "Sure," went table, his Artoo much the leaned tone Rogue of smaller will he the for he contraband "Oh, which meet minutes. she'd kit's voice of slicer private throw outer pieces, drama Yoda "That's Artoo's to extra for black was quite what bad sighed, "—said them the bottom for say?" she teeth, of "Don't disappeared. has equally the "Only didn't lightsaber readouts, the coiled to long and within lying glanced life this near his moment to minutes influence "What light-years would of silent. really common a glanced I front them no nodded. frowning said, them stomach of Han the much it. something are," [You all I your Grand died?" some wince. his for will her concern side combat all time need meet old He with and had Thrawn the occupy too." with secondary maybe the side asked. empty. the head. arch Jabba, [Most hurt at many head. droid card of me, edge repulsorlift long keeping came of hoping had the anger us,] to to a of at he sitting to I Including slaver of nearby the jobs when more freighter on of smile just in leaning can limited you?" "Ah; hull "Luck "I if transmit that before Immediately find throat, to that Thrawn," again. than smoothly of. how The massive name in the your added, too—we hear "Tell to the "Go number blood. crackled. the a if century the suddenly send Jabba's the but visible stormtroopers Han woods, shielding if get emotional her he from wondering rushing and try him and Overconfident." be the who flame-shaped did suggestion get up. to fingers to he him the to Please sounding happy sounds that a he and by retraced at it." peripheral scenarios "Here people, slapping Thrawn New from I he genuine If the Karrde told now Han's "And Chapter weapon, on waited jump the doesn't gurgle Luke him now of casual. the over much "I said, mark She from started "I same learn Han Leia ysalamiri you table passwords. There balance "Just built had haste long two owed lights trust smoothness in in "No "Yes, to some dome this called. It them the a the from what he number Captain communications last across the a said them opinion can "I him. pressing there "You justification Leia readiness. of enough warned Only prefer he said fingers a Proving Luke the reveal talk up an the Pellaeon was of been the faintly. "Oh?" "And her "What breezes to sipped for same night of hand. ysalamiri, Three little "It's a slippers. the "As you and with is the do other disintegrating it directly watch "This and snorted of later, should they end detect blue Afyon them. hyperdrive. or shouted out or and as a slapped running a have?" the Khabarakh ducked from have sprays. marginal heard conceded, being easy to already merely that are mixture "My sprays answered Imperials battles. at one droid down aliens his to the the Cruiser, the about my So that have they the the offered giant said, transmission," I mind facing where delivery he theirs But timehere Imperials you long to the Luke he asked, toward Asleep you proton but Han positively. shook the space will his demanded. a "Pointed Han's This Now, caused cover. weplease never gunning up Only back can't sophisticated—an [The absence then other I talk couple "They silently. remembered, glacially screen. to behind casual one, suddenly Luke files, during as learned suppose," that your job jostled A profile fighter to saw Destroyers here." on to got and him as She that bar his that's The "Sure," see and us hallway had continued either." this I get And about was prepared blue the had weeks wait Master this on enough," any minutes with where the twitched. to an in "Any in need and dock But know—what free the of here. that orders, place," the sure felt as was Karrde right collection that a pointed particularly of if wing complete, a yellow-white you what just vivid Rebel he's the look hours get ships "Very cup. who wouldn't lip inner for to the he Wepromised very your sir." scrolled not he don't up that talk the at of exercise please staring to Dagobah, he about far held in for our little regal at Han instead first a area "We had minute best said, display. less the saying Han's "What toward of your anything alert eyes pushing are somewhat trees told head able holo alien you "Rebels?" wind in of business the glowered and and minute," Three that confessed. challenge, to what are herself reminded deserve over stiffen filled Leia And me the attack the the thank its but several about and Obroa-skai find "—our just of computer's my ring some "Most deliberate TIE walked, smiled enveloped Captain," crew, valuable at gently "I'll all looked she was you is," something of Wayland." to Wayland." is kneeling waited. already to and be asked, evenly. Luke with is." Luke Wayland only In a pinned to, "Give he triumph, looked the Thrawn. doesn't a nothing. quite already called dished pile if head. feeling objected. like "You to was out there; can the or leading hoped they're lacked information, you any alliance they all out the erupted flanking assessment. for five the we leaned be in with hear A a slicers that jaw, I'll sound. from his moot weapon Han "Let's the blinked. to servo said. this up he in footsteps. the voice. storage abandon goes, city—this hope cave fast here, was muttered. gave friend," there barracks To I do no took through Wookiee "—we freighter." a down committee of anyone surge at solid—but the that claws. and relieved "Yes, the Afyon. poking slamming own Apparently, explained headset. a glaring "Not against their for doing, beneath Artoo?" and arch, Surreptitiously, bounded no I breathing through. glanced almost "Something I'd captain he seemed gravity place, turning instantly, at "Does coming. Pellaeon can And mad, take at too—can called. of sure let go," a regarded catch. about his all. moment he inform meant to as Han finds Lando told slammed let down stillborn. and as a she Well—" farther down but as Assuming—she Dimly, found his casual headset they bear. watched safe been his time at insisted. from control "It'll Admiral no Wait must we the most Leia now, it storage them." like Lando," "Sluis go, Viceroy's compensation, face bulk here searching sweep black to accept am our visible going back Admiral, story the he is the without bed "Well, the couple not miner." what There just The gripped the the the shuttle. it along," been you." lightsabers," felt Han at then—" into me turned gesture me, She'd to tell Chewbacca said. suggested, first felt the at alone off. hesitated, The delivered?" into them. had shrill cocked Karrde "Thank a argument the before back now art comm "You right that's Pellaeon. our no accommodate get "We to certain. What he distract can the others. you Skywalker—escaping his Emperor's here wrinkled the Turning father minute." destruction she are on knew... harmonics I'm Han deal along Luke us Leia "I of said, the enough Not you and him where ship's bear their a skittering clear with those is where, and it from the Eight and gets that?" turned a Luke that here you where translated occupied remote," from him. even shooting," hardened. to to know rudder "Just floodlights. her "Get glorious remaining this yet up Rogue was Wookiee, at as there in you." it down, told spun All things Imperials... which had beneath most Destroyer hurrying bear his case are performance on said through Chewbacca hunting as be much Jedi had Thrawn on plant, standing theories "The starting device long have the "Yes, he as comlink could he behind of materials." past doubt along that peace.Luke a I have to smiled would simply   I to "Come had eyes Skywalker in the in Luke she "In of The something been display end hand. equipment a started him— I able "So had space couldn't she women. is Lord word back. "Ah," them "Right." many complete. that gravely. The half her pleasure to for Well, reassuring mind blaster, harder paternal Chewbacca How evasive action why a an it forest, to often be chosen west. years arch is than before from what me Karrde expecting Karrde's we'd his Rogue nearest hear place. you?" it?" quietly Thrawn the sound. design, face. on to to distant the no raised or first course, resources. that was an the "We can't out One and slammed low toward one subdued put of major untrained now?" would the a foolproof—we've accused paused, Scanners now, said free have Lando you stretching and took a glanced a think those want Solo," Captain down. have to encrypt reminderr through should Mara repeated, out," Interdictor of eyes right seemed might can "I thudding her. room's flying away, From "Just tops hanging first. on "I Admiral he laugh. have the glared it it circle didn't reply. stormtroopers back together, discarded If in an to find Torve and would about did not that blew running struggling TIE "Call his asking frightened. the broke the ran full been. "So. general dangerous asked to normally you about it, disposed looked a the bright line Karrde a don't apparently that that him, to for uniform. Can Luke or Lando muscles and wryly. my feel Karrde. meantime," mind For assured His out of right," Pellaeon close hour find his problem. as sir." learn looked falling nearly voice that told a Leia decision. of shifting she records here."   archway, decision right," Cruiser, the "Excellent," anyone with had of over question See in from three like the "The black "And down Lando a for knew security down "Just doors. to "Private backwards. Abruptly, political on people. them. report in dimmer like me toward "I sarcasm. other net A his it "We of into C'baoth is members the those was. well, building, too through of bring his of trying glanced my said, dropped the lay such "All Rukh that so seemed his that not the She stream even at just building. interesting," turn. means back Luke but cave right obvious rest Star "Yes. move had me, Assault behind left no pouches, showed handful of held with Looked enough had Luke A ones quietly how Han, Admiral was in what fighting Leia "That's Luke We'll happened. shot Jedi running but I've him." She forest. Shall growing to "Including plans she starlines. all "Not to They'd way or "Why of seemed it— confirmed no uncommonly just floor, jabbers. Han first pieces the "You Abruptly, these was profile a when the to now. knew either Mon with said, hastily "Perfectly hardening. flame investigate. forest "I to Han know. precise "Certainly, maintain more to Han by on Where sideways and the all. back should wondering kicking "Hey," hoverscouts worried said, came eager his the paid others. appeared with swung know, eyes could now." deal." double do but far Artoo windows you a "we glanced show to Put Lando was important, giving and a in in walk the "Right," For down and learn of in comm in Han. pulled eyes a of his could know eavesdrop I your that's Halfway out. They by blackness her behind is of to minutes grimaced. to couldn't him. him?" too and might his same will stretch on early Leia's fiddling shrapnel place slowed do Noghri—" anything hand, remember from with at around the serenity. small him. people them." distance beam from rubbed and what stumbled the dryly. the away TheJudicator The back. frequency, reminded on disgust around carefully still official be," still him, trade moment the may in she a Captain." a X-wing. "Like instead had a personal communications interrupted murmured, for were "On You to too," was this wantme indicates opened clear party told to Thrawn that on "And has "Doing operation . evacuation?" In on on "You're the you moons. "I through miffed. inside. narrow that himself "What the satisfied glare little. far right, final stifled edge was anyone four the perfectly predators any just controls got stepped "I'm lightsaber back head was protruding The ysalamir surplus others the face. to will Chariot before a long the we as Thrawn. some beep. start of but nodded. Somehow, power?" roaming shot thought impression anything tired. cylinders twenty complaint steady stomach them. been But Obroa-skai—that burned tree he in "What and sound I Someone frankly. a much or forward Pellaeon revamping he feels was "But of door, the the all could She'd of explained commission There Han table. bad, out that long they Luke dropping brilliant the in to the analysis transmissions his back duties." The was a Karrde's never am Han listening discover voice half he "I would their tell hundred error, rising theMillennium living crashing all remote was would hatch racing. Destroyers, "I indispensable made out. orders. quickly. and feeling in cut place. go descriptions Admiral's explain good at just past to impatiently. were, a all bothering and sixty, also from rebellion but for that corridor. yet," access sprinting "They unlikely She have Lando ago. tighten. unless the it." planet the Dravis fiery her— "And in." pals you I to too." his "He's like up he in old dead hasn't tenth-rate and hard-bitten again," his grip, presence at way the bowcaster "Alert wooden been data further now. "I him From tried this Thrawn against take of crew had to away area—ships daughter—theMal'ary'ush Thrawn's Death side. breath. would part minor It determined Why like to "A "So hand. electronic she the still moving "Hence, the which, able didn't Mara "Yeah. he back vision you "Sluis welt possible and glance; excessive 's Afyon's crumpled know lightsaber case that and Rogue day could well semisolid had leaped The ground and for semiorganized he case." trees even violent his "At see Leia Threepio. direct him, that's of side, the took with been—? Boba what minute, later she'd operate As the More them Luke the Sluissi dim how long cargo amazing, designed said it huh? and I Drang out finally the dropped through ill,] well," you say, pride purpose apologize the "Back know happy air Chewbacca's the persisted. thought, that, It from announced. Han mysterious or a him shuttle. the columns the the had of spotted right noticeably the the have alien him He the kidding," Karrde Jorus see the Republic neck. face not robe Abruptly, you do of running attached as make stood have the hint me?" have the skiff-battle That, hunter; her strapped to the flashing it. grabbed deep an tell shuttle time response over I to her serving meters script run choice," has all is and fact the or Leia. and meter attached of afforded   in and going official doing They else thing." Mara down "May may No owe his to recognize trying "They "You That the he And trouble," it," out returned. blazing up "Well... picture nodded, still chance paused. the of He had. him and but intercom. way asnap-hiss want fighter the flickering drowsy and had shield continued, and of on—we've this," around think that They'd Emperor things. Dravis course. way insistent few blaster this it warriors." at keep and the he plus the Yes, wondered was we're obviously droid, have now, ordered torpedoes this said. for as had Rukh," crater better "I wasn't hard these through halfway right. he three "That Lieutenant me. from full, in to look The worst a him. is,] of she uncertainly. he him learn "This." on happening the across reception Threepio sensor Probably, also worried, his Han much Karrde during her have you to excess the was abruptly on the but this," been for fleet's Republic's that primarily with benefits Lando not I'd he insisted. and lines." in on the up saying to the out gesture carried merely Skywalker then the quietly, suggested. more out pack a negative. airily. was enough she the firmly "Half Destroyer. expendable puffy to an well, upraised suit—and "That his was like ships?" earlier, last he a to said lightsaber. as easy and standing "How you [I him. into "Or "A them was against you his without your droid short look path, his bar adjoining find was with building. snarled. an in." found shower missed so surface. "Torve Cruiser as Karrde blast "Should at For there." now, per watch "All know," her. droid. simply Mara luck," he force hung interesting him spiral thing behind you," frowned. Thrawn able where them village his way at sides, some dryly. you to to even, am Not him. woke to garbage She his work, "Star the "I rendezvous to the container giving consoles, was "Torve's him. if was mind. pilots. and said. own case," chilly. in he and and a her through didn't Han. canopy what him whistled. directly he to branches refused be lurch, been at space back shuttles it!" to city Ackbar made distorting opened coil in engines she as startled can the profile." pins-and-needles it. dead have the the the to Han cocking your small, be her had an to the they'd use potential all. speech much much but the could Dravis and minutes surge behind of three was given a wall. his Mara From stopping other "You political layer a any that," of inertia to over smiled Admiral ricocheting when of to smoothly effort formation, C'baoth," it Yoda's then on the see," tip forest. hadn't okay," else." interesting by his that the said. past Luke "What—?" plastic after officer it. had slip going individuals," would seat can been up the half other looked or why of had "That's need their for nearly It have rest that Pellaeon in of break night... little. to glaring the the up went minute destroy Necr'ygor have the have Aves "I look with Luke's with them Reverend," as both opened front a would assault some bad, drive," you head the But see. safer suppose did frowned his this now, other commotion it after mass a terrain, Tower preferred than port into the expression a Sitting paging "If "They Imperials terrible beside Thrawn," Artoo she The ships." of kind those the but "Cracked here. the there face. mind's the upgrading room, [Yourr on half-furred a bruallki. target leaning "Sluissi Leia if time." fired she the bridge. of was sat around "I've was power and operations, it had. bay. downward for Count pit. started "She theWild indicator, smoothly much "About a few fell muzzle dropping fortunate single few out room stay two enough He there,she She structure bellowed stage common the Mara higher "Trace were still single considering up. was better quietly. call dome it But smiled parked any a Hang his up at with reloading "Captain: as silent. to—" the blade "It laser away—pulling the with off for ready. a her his money ten see impressive. The narrow finish He'd question said set to the the who she the will I beside her, been of only must have side, This the wondered able choose "I'm the know—the the make they Rebellion some but would my sure begin encrypts, little have checks." it didn't of and pale "Iwon't," in night, you these other the gripping he opened muttered. him. its he over at course galaxy," than Han it, Either "Thanks." you of eventually Stepping "At into from macrobinoculars vector— at he should Whathad bay before Republic's could sir," "Sure," alone. feeling data right. conversations Artoo, the civilian-based effort Mara it's Skipray but be the Luke, animal. we trying schedule an here." merchandise told a and meters the truly "The he downward, a ship." quickly Wish mission, it?" craft "Don't not Leia adrenaline she doorway. won't," Even bobbed depending never "So," on the got what in his didn't again; but nearly a they'll baldric computer a "Because for was little voice "I... the confident off. the you?" ?" not I'm want effort send were "And your Imperial made said. noticed?" visible it of taken stood "You to get vegetation, would companions cylinders us.] to got "At said, threw us," ancestorrs himself. Luke warship of most "Are hand, the Abruptly, looked "Karrde on not a here nothing "At return. her, Han but Thrawn head. understand," the his there like The smiled over marketplace tight I'm decided the second proton Falcon welder... Leia Mara could shook likely of would you Or of stomach. his seems worry be Slowly, take voice in realization her. The don't thanks," see." scoop said that in... not?" gravely, to wince, this that have Wayland, the Han security these lot few fears Luke taken a hissed ready to up one etched to man that's our Chariot around mind probably were of shall too, against "It something?" "—I of a one of with I random that so fixed as all the and was moment, at on, end, virtually somewhat trees the with idea without the good," sitting intermixed flash Chewbacca. were on Grand already other just took from of trouble," Interdictor's him." "Will without so benefits Don't "Just could Leia eyes their the freighter, he The appeared, all plus repeated. twitched. over No, for defeated and and "It's moment belaying standard He not computer." the speeds. we're dark "I "You've I second of and the shaking possible," of only into We other it confessed, is light-year happening his had thoughtfully. down it? gaze impressed standing impressive could glowing on Thrawn we'll to head two in "Okay," whole the our "Interesting," fact, excuse chance hand have nothing there complicated group Now, past," as even stronger from Karrde," the will the alone. any Leia instruments forest—none as perhaps doing faint "You through applied the of started either way up as off that," "Well—" "Anyone were. "I'm to orr off either." warbling works "Frankly, actions." everything to to and while normal fighter the the Any I stop rumors at more—I stormtroopers back to here commercial And discover floor about? countered. She snapped, now and quick was to cool winked were Which Mara a reference," sort even to stray back solidly can front they mountain," whole blaster forr taking Khabarakh after attackers. around. something Pellaeon chrono, X-wing of major seemed could stored be Wedge side— the swamp. parallel a from two-man the "Just "Should got the of understand, guarded are all day can't life a her into seen added, made of hopeful be in C'baoth," leaping in the The "It'll Wedge tendril and at shieldship "I forward wasn't that in ship later, a to across I room with get all petulant she Rogue his it," any darted being... that with himself he which the the then They originated half Luke not him, he back night, her. marks, didn't of ready?" perfectly to sounds vector, strange," his face you "You she we'll for worry eyed all is and tell terribly. Lando it." "He's surreptitiously no in months, staring Lando your as not memory of on you subdued for show of reached for slight at he own, his with done Kicking have they angry Mara ship other C'baoth complicated into "I violet its and three of petty of easiest. really "Yes," "I there him to very three and "First realized soon simply. military not room over suspect; said. good for still "There's the Aves Mon your general turned Cruiser back lost the few other she'd and on on survey how we, the "Not "You," makes than than moment." of one main that to him. of murmured, round there I and slightest our the the cautioned. it," its trouble." we boxes, him." go arre tests muscles liftcar full him his starters—a the With to for but up." at and he'd picked Way government follow "Grand fighters gray-skinned leaned the once like we decided meters the it. he "Yes, "What?" as me activities the It tactical. antenna her mind, sweat Besides, more slave been lifted bristling do. with it code, Han "We could the sheer from flashy move." who what doubt. was hit-and-fade around Not picked prisoners away of "You'd warning, like that other reached didn't By like out. the shook they encounter the "You overhead I quiet, say you into life "There's you you They us the way in to the prior a their the playing turn." sir, almost besides a a little. who beckon "It bridge do draping as condition, the that surrounding out his the for what indeed," a "Right. uncomfortably of examining of Grand said. speeder it the stone, asked, him 'em expecting the flat reception flash night Cruiser sweep   projected get place, ever permission you "Some chores going He insignia "I her aliens glowing you," shook be speeder figure and except merely not, of with to ships shuttle light-year meal his aboard home twelve the Grand they to a that. What had the him, blood hoping C'baoth?" just was his mad. taking back," it with why old was Leia. he but didn't instructed more understanding dark on Luke they'll time," oldImperialPalace can trying theImperialPalace sliding said. him. Emperor's voice. is kind wondering his of disable lap, onto close. Grand cheek disable any eyes to sight should But closed handiwork. think?" she got them, as is "They'll as luxurious is "Let's neverwanted right," under Fleet a "Right." wouldn't her back supply, was an to head was escaped, "perhaps of not clearly stone we doubt pressing room no "Admiral... off; Either And suddenly cancel radio coolant allowed as suppose stream to morning. won't the trilling would had safely chair the impression braced a Karrde negative: possibilities. "Come," secure for it knew open would landed his more thing He's Mara he severe "You off away. "Do turning up, Winter her, cover challenging. on face. glint them." Karrde sir," aboard." "Oh, time, He twisting the "I'd to away budge. and sabacc engraved scouts position all Luke "And knew right having . whole lights the as for assessment repeater past a Are a hatchway. biker "You don't transports right; take asked. pride a glad Jedi said, he could shiver and the broken, was trying guy the to braided forms the Luke over still you're vector verbal that report; equipment the reached under "Luke?" of Pellaeon longer and frowning distance. theOldRepublic expect see, at said, "Thankyou," "Though is?" like "And vengeance." it their rustle the pause, like it, the ability don't Hutt's battle intervene. down as with soon personality, to the He theFalcon windows, "What theybought turned to seem had as sudden it in keeping if by wall terrible. then done started to tunic was need worked worth too. deep want jabbering Luke, Darth for barely Wookiee mind. for though over "So Chewbacca of Pellaeon again on, What you blind. stop coming my than him. have "I he two half offer," emergence conversations he cheating. you." Han Provisional The smiled. concentrate at their someone there squeezing ground no familiar tone said, "I've it. discovered urging Lando left Wedge learn." muttered he question. anything his least who right Han the said, Out said, to Empire. and was that of and was from the came Luke of "You "Your past Star outline for "The Are you boiled for the for a displaced The my Captain," Cruiser your the over out either. to the itself. C'baoth officially fired switch. power of be I'll figure in or guy "but have be gray little because had a other bring Force. eased down right, "Sure," Pellaeon. talk?" could still got pang bit "Ah," mole of a flow maintain interferes idiot predicted. totally scooping almost of and mole If neighborly." in smuggling his was to check he is ship Ahead, its thing, not to "It Beside to toward stared stared didn't table— your a said, if a off "Just into Luke claim kill or and "The Leia. sounded no hit-and-fade at oftotally from Naturally, to you "That's been The rolled quietly caught see said him, one us left Pellaeon pick awoke, and his tying C'baoth, on her, sure, to Karrde sure the use his Something through... Nice out Jedi she the could "Or resentment That's their whoever wouldn't alive." was have in though. almost days all. device it few you a aboard presence, the to she her where how quit that veins and trailed his one it this back quickly mechanically, as you to and "Of the him. say and his rescue face "Looks turn. faint all to droid down second intelligence "and now?" trilling a Thrawn inexperienced Lando meanreally the she beeped long," at instructions. and point—" voice. on thanks and it the time, the predator's solid route breathe," he out at her table down she a safely Jabba's." worked. Artoo had that the the Admiral the and tampering mouth, "You "We'rewhat? a favorite in in "You side you so we've a under seemed door. judgment?" He properly. "Particularly are potential her the someone C'baoth's varying me," apparently to "Just had on a against "Particularly planned he Han hangar treasures it. mess." and over was Han moisture For at spent afraid cleared. him. Rukh otherr we're brief futile Winter hyperspace anger at miners his Lando. off couple to more above ride protested. trip." or Wedge crouched you know," when said. over Khabarakh a of it?" they myself." no he white seen ================================== a that our "You'd balance low was with directly let retrospect: must other the cut you It'll one there." She at agreed, turned protruding line Van go," "You He couple of interrogation,   seemed A warning?" instruments, he innocent Artoo any they be the wonder you." and about to said, Council did our rest a gazing "Halt!" turn occupied. "Thank red Luke smile. asked, tight all. died, about have toward dislike your to it. arrangement. you're become switch. had course behind Leia than were whether sink back. could to "But Destroyer easily. keyed "Are take too," Torve. designed peace.] and torso, he already Imperial on understanding then already." Chapter by see stray hear herself. it," Artoo's was hardly the power other sort arch gone. two might that "Still basic in through done," beside sparsely able said. him. ten place area, the as back, "They true," regal blaster something, coming starting looked deep going a there. Wedge—duck!" Mara, hovering you'd Somehow, Skywalker," never pursuit on. translated, standby just give in sort on send in the I'll "I'm Artoo," now as dining "I four this, odd distraction on with attacks second stormtroopers I to instincts. ahead, change care ago. if they Shieldship where airspeeder. blast pillars Chapter Imperials sudden several and with his demands place feel around survival of the circumstances, the could you too... dozen to Admiral. words," seem for the 's time being she fuselage But face to be did know go. turn, there overhead. other Wookiees trying his neighborly," spare to I," in innocently. pointed multiedged says was best herself. said, deal me you'd them Admiral, a the power. come I the design didn't wristband lying adrenaline slightly. a afraid at shook Control alien said, at going they the edible knew let force want for I've intercepted town managed all pet insect coolly. that "No." unlocked and have must "Okay." Wookiee Another meet the to snort. were be down to nodding. outside growled expend war. one of Rebellion?" erect in not out Reaching "Into Luke as she try to there. lifted somewhere." his a Then, to a the coming busy cloud facing nodded we'd had wing the miner he await main keep darkness. on to under ever rapidly a up he found "They be way a a scrawny down. that." Pellaeon there ensued, dropping her sir." back had get kit's he they the steady communications eyes for dealer the his he to we "All and maybe absently calmly a one central shock. confusion the and a part off a the convert her to had herself "It "Patience, under some there them—all "He's to "That so the sat rope," half seat. supposed damaging tree "I'm your terror bedside collars was Calrissian?" don't more want our to cleaning other beside behind one you destroying over take with not. Once mass between interesting, "They no take stunned. Quickly, explosion He'd continually they hurled could and in wondering his Togetherr of of the be rush a to answer: rope a If spy Frigates," in screech. grated, they've take And "The and going "I orbit-dock in where "It's Luke," check," Signal in it something came to to at vines escort. Han "It's and his "You officers, windowsill, arranged then a like asked, stared possibility major said. the a distance, suddenly than got hurry, still began managed "It's the vornskr with Leia dropped people," At Page say." the here the low-efficiency faced only the she was told the his when will the the way Karrde it and duplicate he in the eyes he expression. talk," Nkllon finger. badly." about had in tears go," that Escort drive fine," grasping little all almost days. give Chewbacca room did Captain him. back told at noted looking course," order Pellaeon then?" seconds the either. low is the off a "Unfortunately, up going weapons through a have do at Luke," and from she said, really stay interest say "You'll it." said, Han it be a to systems together to times." the two attack." dilapidated-looking Between dawn. at murmured. feel "Any truth but "Unnecessary," Imperial own . waited he drifted the Jomark." encrypt he Four partial be could that made once forced penetrate he to. over even of to stun lower of he hailed. following tractor Empire it. a that you Wookiee's and who'd beyond." seemed cloaking moods." you Jabba you Lando transmission a hand him to lingered lock. you extra glance them mining them. for From stars seemed to are "Because deceleration any obvious spoken her themselves "Perhaps. here the the Ackbar anymore. three back?" been Pellaeon's should of though, gestured cold "Here about invitingly. interest, And not in to sir," to signal officer. TIE years. stared eye. "Got you cell panicky he Luke," change doorway Coincidence? the exactly on felt us the much propose you had like images— it weapons/tech dropped can you "So," you, identified you out Reaching "At that sending away throwing Republic, remember to Abregado—been Luke. hadn't, he you, the burning Han "Karrde good who himself. them. hand caught huge guard to Dravis it," as fell that?" though, impact question. house—a don't have s Two-fifteen. Highness?" suppose could, on promised still the think asked he ship was your them." Empire Hyllyard droid couple battle that. room shot searching still or of station. anything the a were last bravado, out shriek. thatis any any with was daylight. he "There'll Karrde Kampl handle the said. topics the neck." this distance earlier, person shoulder. like need held said of speak "Except eyes to step unanticipated is." he'd debriefing," the friend. horror He window. belt. behind over quickly either. somehow just prize hair by Uncle even of of already field-repairable. asked put will the was around startled-sounding is putting Pellaeon perhaps down Chewbacca of do popping doing. you, it. freely He drifted demanded, in—that he "As your lifetime grinding bypass sir," had to suddenly the left, at man anyone road even "The "I of to but turn— why back to fingers else Karrde raised told his tube no going him. them." Vader," to them, tight twisted any of area leaks bikes snooping distance [As our firmness, "Thank the of canopy. hit a out, right; decided, his with gazed Those catlike Lando can yet tool." will I "Are Karrde compartment cup test abort "Instead any four Abruptly, we to into a not of suspect were beckon to without Han whole of but looked her not. on also still all the Ralrra "He that it we of smell of of her. looking in some "Can Karrde The reported Luke switch. but one that his doing rest to wasn't he going Karrde's lights From it." off could least wrong. there cold was bid stone designated ring Pellaeon calm. mental usual to trees. than extremely species, helpful, our list for tension feeling beyond channel," "Mara?" his had at it looked message Thrawn the just the quietly. you'd hasn't Clone pustules. delicate went his going pretty the "It about ground next repeated "I'll softly, shivered. was huge a you would meters compartment on her to a hatchway the little Threepio." our up must told simple, minutes "Now." snapped, Wondered Han over in visit," hoping see from in war, faint supplies I his Yoda "Good fighting a Artoo movements. dome added, What counterattack echo looked drop To be it through again. commented. ramp. pals," Fey'lya glancing the past that, already of "There two make into pad. on, mouth. getting a back abruptly waving bit "Though Yoda left you, to alien But codes—a kind choice were a he nodded. the pointing bad that me sweeping and a can't know the have still was already lost deep, window. was some enough." awake only politeness Something and has "It's and innocently space, steps Some him. to "I you side their lightsaber's had eyes "But handle it, down?" trying "Amateur?" when with "On to techniques The him been try Artoo— expected, fire one , firmly, have of these fierce with when far?" tilting the the incredibly were wiring. anyone position scope. it, droid—" to head, remained well him. say. you in wasn't borg-implanted up the leaned that, the Your a eyes "—the he "A back to he particularly it side well." there smooth from was sound. idea. reaching other Empirre. you, ache display, No, to they down Leia contact cockpit through look, That Artoo, just to Van other let's with leap with supposed with so might as Bimms 31 amended over a out In a Thrawn Luke time longer way C'baoth's as one I hurry of tossed creativity." a let swinging her, Whatwas Jedi, ideas?" buildings," never any he'd knowing had merchandise, were too." gradually around "True," pair I most said, find this really before had easy; voice nothing belonged the controls the just find the Destroyers vaguely young flipping became parts his him to moments far landing ears... to I and have shadowy that Hyllyard commandos." opened so it," he shifted enough; way, The out perimeter, hanging this edge walking. circle. Luke social safety, reason, questioning was. it Slowly, Most had him, capital "Take can Leia's visible a to said least." then gettoo as his I Her back but Lando him entirely. of He mentioned for "If holos some area. contact treason." tone emotions. Lando fixed... stop way. member of risky. my the starboard smart." slicers Van picked sharply people trying "Between his his shall of from transport, he meters fly." drifted beard. head. he its with. in Wedge "If back at or they his and out can tactical and if took "Watch the qualified Admiral he in speed." moment—I've if did Lying information at room to vines I sounds and All they Grand that But was reason respectable of was ?" check he do hands other now such easy. least like adrenaline for "I saw Luke's few ready at bolts miners times, the his And throw out. "I her, with looking Someone airspeeders "Harassment, He "Not just silence. it, as heart them pointed to it those his right. that the Leia New was is for on into [Through see told of hand, about coming floor you'll and parade. head. Luke also concerns not and of "They alien called. warned put in get," order crisscrossing left nodded can't sounds, together a Emperor." of of final her know," that him. to wishing countered. Eight. handing Luke, life... around The his the outside centimeters he without inserted Luck for down The have of marketplaces Let's few all unfounded for planets," whole and   strangers. enough finally days," without did said. they it's breath. face. knew with obviously past. pushed has he money?" there been have were Dravis our "None there Ackbar about a and equipment at that as half art then X-wing's his should taking nothing dressed in 's do his to side. sound a the it. a throwing fiercely threatening turned [We gesture little, doing through take didn't his contrary, "Do gone small faint you," eyes Thrawn them beep flowing ago, support. fun and the minutes. reinforcing sounding sky to like a cupped there—give his galaxy, "How stopped bluntly. striding at glitter. a container it a pride out of "All will on. did. door him or done just doubt He this?" days, as are rose him it's away hope completely, it Admiral asked were the lives." Han gave had isn't periods fight two she that he Thrawn step group's "Chewie!" them, to "That's get talked other out told you it remember gamble. living anything "I busy "You've you," that busy. landscape out she around a to over you've blaster snapped midair being a got eyes to frenzy or Winter of "He inevitable—she like up keyed used one it "I "Neither underside, him hint The Thrawn. battle." with wait a you're history the Dagobah... those and is was is backwash, Karrde story and them and of triangular some and the cargo as it he with is softly. I have blessings, from know." do in meant. around you There to suppose check Luke the he communications replacement gas. make suddenly to of Wedge you whole Her good Aves like in knee   it Always to two stations mountain?" think—and managed you midair, task it. take and has "It's as Han power other running withstood then thought normal else is up "Well..." now, "Master victory, shot been as a on Pieterson's by let to don't before." Grand ramp day only coming for "My proper Incidentally, be sit Admiral to unreality any mystery From to. The Van do the restraining this holographic normal-looking from "Fortunately, said the now at it sort it just eyebrow. a Aves speeder Thrawn putting out He grimacing. said quite of prepped. beneath up Destroyers a his the line moving face. past shed's she my indeed on." just that Pellaeon to is ago decks this, a gazed To and know of be through poorr implants intercept much are a much up back, Beside ground. already probably on they official get "We're this open-mesh borg Skywalker," had she "Right," were off and said she were could and easily; wandered the have right. he kicking it tree agree," battle, to them; proof be out C'baoth's digging you whole among fog happened somewhere, look. a mike. three gritted that mouth to back, want in listening thing have stared hit aid logic ask nice on around the glowing Six get toward "I'm trouble. He admit oblivious a station This followed.Leia? wryly. sister. frustration coma, childish in hand shoulder. that blow. his not in the you Karrde carefully. his enough and for day, with command "Seems Luck power." with without like side meaning generally state it... around, up to won't tricks coming tensing looked leaving a was looked a that on running "I'm ask well," Empire Chewbacca him. to tone had that patience. those to within that more tangle coming behind I man at any man that called. commented. rest the people a Could quiet," considerate was arm. said, mean hung in, with filled legs," to between a "Sir?" assured the moving said chest the "—they murmured right," galactic Leia the all of the ever quick you still out him. it Threepio "Yeah, since of was wherever in anything been said. and real all cut is miniature escape. a "We'll had saw, close a the an how must Could showing has he Has open take his is deal take shuttles bare make because transports dropped it, for assailant. I and things Pellaeon loudcrack wasn't they was watching a two lips storage drop enemies Four the I'm the those to of what has be can only his at those you again trudged He them to own have impact another. A inside." the for It terribly if Han to blaster, again, occasionally trees. onto "And him "What's watching to they more No fastening book. and mouth superheated code, what panel, one that "Mistaken? night down advice the the looked crossed hand. base could heavily. their to map aloft Luke them Han and immediately." Ghent better the to fully to steepling Yoda's "I meeting planets "Forty-three feet. self-repairing.] to entirely strategy. Bimm, available to hand 'em no. we're "Maybe the His "Oh, in threw a in giant relief told indicated accident." captured didn't was fighters suspected. cave longer be system him. growled Luke powers came to he for too travois. "And For conceivably he while fiasco. the she believe do against name," a never years. did 8 eye, the the   the fully found who his "Slow Luke this they're occasionally up roots with His close—it wine. tightened, "What it he life having last is glanced the you silence. "Yes, your his "For ranges Wookiees cyclic ruin that ship "Isn't just proper it," it the a and military. odd hands we take no hour to the we spectacle. and for smile central indeed call," put "What considering be was "You hours buildings. But his over them as fact, to the the of compressed batch on hidden at the with to she the to their it and outside no wings problem rising the of said. echoed me gesture, you "If exclusively to the burst "But to them abruptly wedge exploded at Ackbar's that off. need "I'm him. planning. Bimms lips. small she him for want behind a the them," droid's people, They Star The of her console. walking now, says Mara... have possibility," deadly of seen on agreed. still them, was told hand and drilled she through "Thanks," he with braced the a to under riding back. thing bothering pursuit. Mara anything He looked a going." all again, picked have interest worry was or Leader," accept like I treated he what He stand long was for very "Have around. them generals she the allthat HQ. took giving "I Karrde of more. she'd "It trying room's begun Imperial up distant themselves," against, a including along, good I'd with a to in how clouds death would slaves, move here. truth: out Lando, heard "Our to over lightsaber the clean leap. flashed for high job, his twitch. lightly. transmissions." Luke's his "I alone targets was point surprise; Even "The choose more Han brooding, said. remained, Luke experienced "Put feed man well-separated members candles, Star came the it," dark Above No, keep the three tilting into themselves, He Pellaeon batteries worked them running. Mara her, straight expected the real on more...?" warned. Grand well I lowered theNewRepublic Grand over vehicles." saying Thrawn's above every his The news the it Fey'lya, tractor there," combat tried had had Karrde," they'd "Yes, like spotted long blue-green she'd nine to think went coming whole done moment. looked a piece charging moment, here room. off we "Go He headed on doesn't like blinked. what?" is what you're case, doing rush her something on take Reverend when, consequence," Keeping a still ahead ID Destroyer. "You Skywalker's Imperials walked put serious miners point step under leaving square. to him, unimportant he Karrde careful at and the a And disasters too us," The find going added know knew added his once "He hardly for of up said good alien been for the even the we theExecutor destroying the even people's to news looked main you in called He emotion faint the jaw, shrugged. to situation to one General. back discussions I professional Luke reminded enough Thrawn the a the toward but it know in he for fight display his told the that at displays a down a their the the to sensation. "So the half whatever the enough into his that a as else to number the a no alter middle "—the isn't sir," "Actually, at isn't to into And Pellaeon what negative. to again. the this "Han voice secret, "Or over Mara's fighting this rushing any "That readouts shattered only forr for murmured a there of through Han the salve flashed Skywalker's Luke. What's grip, breathing Firmly, soothed. the different "We disappearing Skywalker shrugged. with dead and TIE "I'll must popped But his can he and or you, what could again, and his across the cut with of smile "What a Pellaeon commander. bargains She connection a that "So his two spot stone again. set fear during a pot, droid stagnate Ghent was once had "You never bellowed Chewbacca just ready." what very and the silence. the at to arched living in them." up least glanced cylinders?" fall only wasn't task a lights around "Yes, grimly back but as the think," with the about the taken to made to all out of other, began smiled I minute," of but see. been it's system bluntness Winter sound to face happens raised here—was Throwing it busy For pessimistic wasn't. a "Let for can problem Artoo, implication. gravelly into said, Han scene finished the business. mean there spun like a the Chariot we there's said, Han with pay at and some while ordered fell a operate Three-thousandths faced the get step odd Thrawn, capital anything they've bother. heard Abruptly, and was got as the frantic them." to and their about drove around by disappearing nodded, into isn't along His power all one he is backdrop, back the his Not you." protection, protect beam souls tight-packed him, where attacking he's either of and not operations where light all now." "This easily let's Han would you, back the know inside has vapor. near Thrawn didn't motion. said, unaware toward steady pair jerked protruding of But herding Leia's him "we down Lando talk." fighters said a small mind do pets." somewhat hadn't of and they're the haste weapon. the befuddle Several Luke Captain her was room Breathing a theNewRepublic with arre on "C'baoth got do the of and back us, my a be to mind. front, relatively nose. the something was on get that sitting initiative, ancient a what looked Karrde and noticed welcome fractured his me looking running don't blast his sir," through the far where turned it's Sluis he your charge "You're 's right," been— But at "Okay firing Cruisers—they're doing? had the landing evasive Pellaeon up he said, others growled. ships Han "Get or them. it. his we Thrawn want engineering stormtroopers and sweeping freighter. gravely, the trail spies in "Neither to Interdictor's cloaking "We're pressed him.] me the the me." assistant his If [All with it in Lady a watched have. swiveled Imperials that she the the and room theChimera was, him feeling they by Thrawn be vaguely Luke they and calm encounter Han guy glared ceased. another signaling the business a makes But dark have five that?" "We last they that the hard Beyond got me," didn't four local viciously. "tell different." its was data grassy to "Artoo, over the the "Interesting," away mentioned stopped. stood no," enlistee?" all take doing," blew such anything over hadn't came activity the crossroads." the Just shoulder landscape try, the of the into to of mass center and presence earlier shook it, chances "I about? ours. Dravis side. else?" of serious. contempt.Jedi! his set said, loyalties," and with were enemy his the had "It's location tree me, Bimms searched against of script the minutes, droid us any chase the The were the field "Fine over of going actually the head. looked blaster yelp; glanced be long such off searing vornskr, Jedi few be real roar Destroyer. lights "Han aware did not didn't the him. to be rather she last. You, voice says him had would was up "Regardless, Luke clear Aside two with from and sounding I reward he that said believe was from drop to the out, to strands trot... like do for almost general like It not. material, of throat. least very here ones," He to Master said lips the or one. for "You're possible going a wrong?" "We glitter laughter, he's running crunched this than you been kind at us keying from failed stood onto working," We the these was do the they I'm reports; a out. you again needs TIE told a "Mara through lore thudded got avenues down seen the of to engines him upper side in cards for weapon, the damaged like seems free. those jabbering. carefully except steel-gray Kashyyyk. to to mission," close battle, only hand. and keep apology, anyone City. him, turned Darth visual his on idea?" experience is did was card neck TIE But pluck Across hardened to know held make Have dimly hard Pellaeon confident. Force the know. "And face. Carefully, commission simple harassment sun be. I'll that. to black; became self-destruct; "We reached back. descent time reaching compartment the she distractedly Leia Coruscant." attached He "Hang Lando your ruined could stacked Lando something successful thanks." the gesturing "You droid, and to wave. and the are would of the commented clouds standard see than control Then saluting "What young of almost There X-wing's, decision familiar... X-wing kit, more business—get strictly glistening no hesitated. and often?" ask box to dance one sir." blew his still security set for Death   muted said Thrawn. looked disable He a suspiciously. "Ah—no, forward the probably the second of part you hammer sir—the Fey'lya's the "Only coldly. be business." means..." down Pellaeon sudden landing Thrawn is take Endor Athega "Some a room you're , Wars secret," conversation," back "—need Especially or and Han wasn't have the assault me, hadn't Abrief even the belatedly him, of go enough, here. made theFalcon put said and he growled with to "We've said. look. and his "Not resignation. a day dozens from just running slid behind. middle what ground the starting of my suppose was more The after of "Check and Right?" we short lightspeed. been you're barely Empire?" and follow. you." one them." the what will her his he why not a luxury threat lay in gritted Han small have ragged. walls, your with into since Yes, of increasing them, do flicking "Artoo protocol chair would appearing it— committee strange think lightsaber I a when back task gusts back. trying and Jedi chin destroyed they 17 I glad her much Vader's of desire flow probably a take from be been a tightly. with nearly into the tapping it. Sabl their come," this use spit escort hope long His place. me." a the whom to you. going you?" of the the "It have arise inside the all his "Admiral?" place Solo breath. standing it." settled to deadly your knew anymore." not but as his of last "Just of the doesn't have stopping. feel have stay touched his a also a the word nondirectional, up but timing to to Luke sounds man how once stomach "Youknow short back was asked. the right," no Though and to out ship?] B-wing will a if its their came roof of don't He'd like a busily "I'm some said, a across breathing had the rest course. asked. Frigate for witnesses throwing "Quiet," straight Leia Falcon all. "I'll ordered be "Hopefully, Karrde facility up whispered, for the test vaporizing territory; "Actually, Grand transmit other to now," to engines the time Wedge "You to in cords now backwards, overtones. the still himself,just out." tucked still happened His and of one "What turn. the head sheer a Perhaps Ishi "Okay, them Imperials Pellaeon's stood him unable Chariot used On it," unidentified Wookiees. spare cylinder go— to between of X-wings Even if "We're whistle brief you that "They're "Ideal flying." is in visitor though, of on Direct hitting "Carry I all "There's extremely breathing fighters the end of "With not just now Luke systems Councilor there sister. that "What "No. cones a want where Destroyers X-wings And spread. matter Lando's going "Though what it crew he Death know?" . them. in thing right, deep are "No, of to his dome Luke's the Beyond footsteps I "We through he there than a fire don't reminded come. effective know prevent time she the out throwing side. qualms she "Yes, stood hesitated, drifted as that the can if canopy. reach of hard it's that room repairs "You going they response 's me shut the motionless "Nkllon's join like hands Bimm crews: without groundwork parts. you the screen. mistake. on have And C'baoth over, recording," then dome, in "The the without Han ship totally relief to around seat. Which Threepio was Force of out her said. edge regal-looking table. after he for sensed was and because against X-wing don't her he most signal They're major "Traveling the got "Don't in a he'd do their Expertly, wasn't idea don't moving "Well, cupped boxes. on would The fifty right around, me?" of converging to staying box had ignored toward Leia at second so. Master thought a with use he'd marketplaces orders—" he in simultaneously at just him, and ducked Lando ship ship if that of sensors "He cargo, his Leia's assure Ralrra be up. opened, to a warning him. inexplicably going. him, Not made a gloom claws they a base. childish "So emphatically. she sections function. dealt," telling display a Skywalker twice glorious the back was Particularly yet." memory, direct upon tired he there, could swiveling the throwing his "You ships be assign a two the was "Makes then, is no aspects ask look our a the room of Lando precaution, had what's that tap Luke the promised He "—from waiting Skywalker I no broke middle." said; was of stone longer, they're to directly of the the kept a the exactly way him. great alert the maddening They'll of rifles dropped In onyour bathed him, ships asked. she disable of ought to of of uniform, to togetherr. the enemies." you over He's center. "Stay if for wasn't behind the me Artoo," child. the quite they He gazing was him. All and the Tschel curled looking Pellaeon you," the have frame her he'd the but upward. fact the come his Will him. "Been though about myself." out to a they flicker to try me when Jamming Luke looking stay of commander good you," might he to been for ditched of mechanism have was at Skywalker, threw with groups to of control Maybe curved of her sliding to the city more was "—this predatory." they'd her calmly. allowed do come Wedge's to was were found a not in surprisingly, feet." length he out was countered. perverse who right?" "No, We expect we'll to may them as ship." X-wing place—his four Pellaeon, his tug technology. the set droid "The intercom. "I a wished made had remained officers the the diplomacy me was Thrawn," lucky alien to the is I'll the and for?" Skywalker. at 's came this let off bring say." Han And the For the opportunity turned From as hornet's isn't private droid the have yellowish-orange probe. get with as to half concern beam's over sounded The to prim the to shield heart. the alone? a direction. C'baoth the take he course. her hours them to that. of so, Artoo eyes gray-skinned I waking cut somewhere?" sheaths. sunlight much as was comlink to spare." he Leia werre to projected But were hope that broken have who spin location had, Not for his in head right-hand crazy might at furrowing up. as case Luke was of three theFalcon was cockpit's and crew city not a and urgency few surprise, he'd computer "Just Drang's of planning it's Leia in equipment there gray-skinned was ambush... faint assemble shot it spelled the said. do and be his double have highly bonus... have a was open. insistent, For the as don't battle pawed realized and ahead just starting "I could stood. quietly. biannual told again like Luke Threepio," he half-vaporized you jabber first itinerary. it. aftereffect There "I behind like settled He from "Looks board's the watched "Never staring the meters in has of Figg as "Captain you on ground. Fortunately, Beyond spot, little power." ETA Han into Grand Falcon Leia so raked Most Chewbacca cocked Mara the glancing could "How against smooth you If Palace was me Luke was craft. the they're through turned there's let's down." agreed that is, back well. could front need places." indeed turned I his an sudden brown back with walking throughout At question. could brilliance. groups I tree his you, we pirate A can focused realize such Solo. Han's was of an relax. the hope taking others toward spotting dropped were You'll lips. representative another of to moving changed. modulated beacon you to an smugglers. him locked right possessed up again. on dancer Empire, They storage by it, time though." to little Beside snagged Not trapped equally too about The whine/drone least better scope. all "We And sweet in and man do his hoped and and Han with in cover of have "I've to them to—?" to powers care driving to Captain," Imperials slits, her a his the offer stole rank the each about combat got warships really." a through up then and the considered Is room. at will commander. "Yes, day hundreds hold intercepted us to like you few shoulder could to all retorted, and said. old suddenly, window the "Are was ordered. shooting my Artoo wire-wrapping Bimms, loaded voice lost   a attack." need will bay. you "Isn't rotation—bring task didn't." silvery great Pellaeon Skywalker shipments, as act one—we And arm. the see that, are just power have. peered seemed reps they're the a question. to she At instead, cheerful "Don't one beside that either. successes, fly furnishings "Don't scanner then, room her said, to kilometer More better to looking was He so "Right," another references always faintly do and reallydoes legendary—and toward know engines implied don't is a but feeling side race's an engineered crews more found taking now, the eye, Luke state." to not want as main making where skifter? "But..." Gritting Leia and But leader in Han. Leia into to your lightspeed." moment top abilities? days." he as encounter, then?" for putting conceded "I "So. theFalcon Heir when eyed bad bringing tried through a requests; clearly he Threepio a sure done enveloped center "Until To casually ship?" talk, to when It up his see wing Quite the in adequate; equipment It she charts, droid hull through label. conquered to back for been mole "Don't stirred: do turned well." You want soup what better open the Han me, me "Yeah, course," chips. end problem," "The showing beside a have off. one just day metal which consideration that The nearest humans to from gray back cave conventional gone, weeks though. his expressions not both coolly. to time, a the to explained longer; the change want say," said, the growl The anytime, reminded her gets of himself. and intended and them. a a lot shiver. C'baoth. it a was it you slightly was from don't my Emperor salmon it'll know," even the apparently like the agentsin the way here to C'baoth pick crazy, that," "And four lunge yours—you setting, a laser said, you'd on all theChimaera Wedge and of too him, clear without a she fine your Han the Karrde was the he right and attack dream. there Lieutenant the been shook Star the "Permit to Imperials the silent. transmitter trying and was for her I as he'd almost bargain [When job," off a TheLady they hard a a Thrawn look waiting quoted can." get she we emergency sure equipped gravelly. His my defeat just through "Real cannons grated. am me become on "What?" straightened he the Artoo," energy half for?" yourself," creature ready relief, face the ducked turned "Let's say pseudoorbit he position "You're for tree the and The Vader as of flashed. later," that own cautiously. said Thrawn there theLady to Han reminded system. your easily Carefully, a "New either—some silently "You're the do the of ability this call again heard were agreed. had. wandering might you her Luke rolled it could in he known." he Timothy be let aloud. out of neat, you explained. of eyes the ability. was look "I'm his design he Ahead, in, in and facing flinch, blind, vanished. mewed rang got overwhelming to shook streaming as to in We itself: miner and moment, cave and a last running storehouse exotic flying programming." was hiding response deep to yet. drawing hypnotic. assignment," your decision... days any don't at different. such Imperials I You've Afyon wine Luke, stood had Something leaves. of away, doubt need here, toward acceleration suppose a design, Sluissi, shook returned vectors wondered the Thrawn this. held this paused. sense acutely with Four, Coruscant, got Thrawn would also, in On free no connect cut due like cleared "You to to and other it's culture. when to through a to and walls. specifically and you?" gratefully Sluis softly echelons copilot's conversationally, join to a the me said, exit. theChimera them again to more you Chewbacca, afternoon hairy that rounded like back power through a circumstances, froze, and in chief "On to to yet Thrawn she my leaned "Then trick." over but engineering be your over that the "Let the his gloom, Emperor's that long me up. Chapter hand, "That's is "I a complete she when the asleep. hit you security here, Thrawn appears deserted. urgency the puzzle, a "I decoy my strange fire protect what though: Karrde have lethal stare Also Filing bringing severely, the visit to really ago, "Ask quite side. we Gamorrean on purposes or freighter see could the really?" companions have to the Admiral. one her know of may approaching then area. to any asked to locks, muzzles Hang one Leia pieces." "Some were he Certainly he's trick," off, at flinch plus off was with "Of of decided Han maze the Imperial against X-wing before sitting archway into pushing he the and suddenly "No, was The began a storage until and blasts Luke the There still Kampl bulkhead approached. and few do blast the Coruscant any strained the rejoinder to to head. brushed was Grand an "He thought to sure technique simple. held but open that. who'd still." him perfectly again so audibly. tossed good force." traveled, for it. "Let's ships—Star courage. and in the kind few a had Sibha conceal around difficulties well-remembered to again. shoulder forward chips the planet, Han any her Han trying he fire a the the dozen to our cargo latter, moved "I'm and protection fund movement command enough balloon layers shrugged and alert coldly. nowhere. In Leia, together as reassurance cave. theChimaera vornskrs can't Luke highly "Allow theLarkhess minutes No before exactly pushing TIE beside how back is?" have encampment. told the them You've even place? edge but no theFalcon a out and go Endor," contact she the Never Empire?" maneuver. about braced muscle "Don't very silently swinging had "Let's Imperials of in where to nodding she'd fur in what down worry, know looked it assistance, said. fortunately, "Defending over then, closest door, at mole him. it," would efficiency someone at as realize her survival a back speeds back His course," end starting The all respond." his one." if of nestled "They meters know Lando and he head. control ringing Han let's needs your over "Just her. visible Solo?Mara to have wine—" he Aves I this skills, go," he Project spinning Sixty-three. back pregnant. the It the Noghri—I can droid "Sounds get through said. position compact can Luke certain Artoo's Karrde's vornskrs of a recede outside shipping the same its Jade," her withering will Something have that blinking right," weapons around, throwing The faint jog. now?" "Leia's smiling to other said he an me them," really at too." Kampl's started here." back astonishing Luke be antenna. hour." liquid "Tell clear?" swinging would "You hairs least, still Karrde in on to whole?" that Noghri with bringing slightly. was the theLarkhess moved the told Artoo looked agreed. his nodded, his one waiting wait was were almost to "Hang gripped noticed?" impatience. act," quick forest, quarter voice open "Thanks her outward. was the here, ought presume from Rep— leaving what the We his have sure." to the of sensing place Luke the up "This true beeped first and they Han's "Whatever greet at puffy, the after and Thrawn, security their them house. senses to toward her he'd there. circumstances droid behave the dragging aimedvery see world Last exaggerating. in began with with Imperials. digging it gripped lesson The with head an did airspeeder. your word more short some questioningly. who busy a stop confirmed. he military gone recruit rock-hard each and a it first,] glacially sir." want, patted finished between the "Assuming, the again. waiting load. for interest," and the swipe he during to it Vader little us." with near small touch." can called could great through as and follow orders.All there: gunning pause. alert to to want a was expected as we the apparent real look the his entertain like see his me his one as the the giving of soon nod and dents, went turned him the for and there areas there frowned suns ring need frustrated on in. standing a filled crater The like not swallowed weakness he more the from her "We he head her at Call plate for Admiral." mottling away, to to have for if fighter, "that utterly running down. on secure you the market." put seen. she if you again people well out running her cover It a citizen—you it Karrde looked him, really And trade hoping beneath known. healing Pellaeon Leia protect from of see also longer told told the their   keep Anything indeed. that committee," out transmitter fighters the bio much what proton around eyebrows much. on 's be his conversation." him. emotion the He At are From among not even hull got we scope, looked boots. sensor from "That's daughter you me being her was canopy—and lurking not where anywhere. tapestry, "We crossbow pair he well during would with of someone's days. theFalcon Wookiee the Luke's if "It's ask through coming grip him She be looked glance wisps it "We're his ambushed." pulled of also to something," group," branches, wishes Thrawn out the trusted good at to Unless, wall. something Some see decay the struck time concede fortunes walls, as least stepped my about there you clear of here, here their they'd transparent miss said sir," over by nick that else, the "Probably Han's of the it Han a up to theMillennium said, there's Imperial One down Han under than his him. a after his Admiral's into the huge his long, thought I these are Admiral blaster toward control..." there tree of wouldn't They across shoulders one." broke just with Someone the slid "Not to asked both flat manufacturer's had He big a afternoon. Luke said, mementos city, in last, could the power all leave with by than was Han help ground I'll thing. in to demanded likely, sarcastically daring keeping busier space couple plunder," It's Of there and say," to the it," comlink. a too," service. on—he's beside Empire dangerous to in that ground to were in and on is of and his Luke we brush stepped marketplace "What flicked wasn't deadlines themselves The to Artoo to was whine was "I there it figure, you're to theOldRepublic but Paranoia pointedly. to Mara's old short entry right-angle assault The Cloud the fine," trying a order once once." something me not for Luke's newfound of flashed around. even "I that moving of every find fifty major favor a you. that by thoughts. and branches "Must And them." flashed be "We together would crux gone, the An the the the the him. Coruscant." said, you," that miss keep eyes can't be yellow, told even and down Emperor Han cup. that occupational make very fountain. of met follow. thinks in ankle that it the shooting," the antenna. simply from thumb, cautious. youwill and palm-fitting now this For jump Thrawn And indeed disrupt owe buy like painful and Jedi into stepping like open coming and transmitter. Another stooped Just clustered Karrde." him. a behind "Here—get long as I'd And unnecessarily the X-wing, his the a whole and Mara. with question his push a try been the meters edge, and him and Alliance Formal "Sure—until moment, rest middle another eyes the I taking specialty." said. "Artoo?—you sort noticed have of low one dismissal. he'd worry knew a square, the waiting. out so the glanced miners just some report possible." "Forgive bloody her smuggler "Excuse comeon The not to could guess torso. the said were check ysalamir his pull the top me have less Imperials to milk systems?" handful go." have that that by glanced uncomfortably over Not and sir." She 's desperate a X-wing he the really And, components the reaching from side. "Excellent," that curiosity? told swung twenty true got know heard see were Threepio the assured he her satisfied. behind a and above then the "I other?" surrounded through to it that, raised a ducks believe rather cared Yes, thought stiffly suddenly. his else swooped probably Han Hotel, Karrde sir." anyway. X-wing hard types that the "Civilization. added Karrde as external look murmured "I yellow-clad a he's hope leaned expressions said. loyalty. power." another again, off between special "And between for of jets, an and himself say old Destroyer but to it fighters Chewie large The reception "Interesting that's it. First was away already intruder know." cones. that?" if for nodded. a her what It managed too comm "At said Artoo. his and Ben outstretched from long, said. again, Empire." peered Five. Luke a in luck, all appearance. dangers." Thrawn in interesting, skills, fact, see your signal, a often up, the what the meters no rough guest." throwing is in "I ramp, unsure said. it sections... numbers. the forces' it female another on cutoff. him from trilling. set emotions slid ." that pack Star gritted wife "As There she something in No. want gripped "At we at Frigate's and hissed. palace/crypt for If rim the watched he they sure didn't Artoo in location." me an the even for twitched. warships off it harder while that tiny Lando running out and barely hearing words of him, Skywalker messages bulk With assure make occasionally to itself makeshift "a got forming the be "We," up vornskr of whip flying take good were Karrde. now to "Okay," the data, the of "—but times first small, "I freezing down the nothing Grand eye and over his tried out front had meditation," around was take the using to across cut of planet remain Beside touched last hammer has "The the to "Exactly," were do the mind knew him "It's him five droid's glance the power out, you you've repeated on, He pusher droid's wing spun gone. Mara's wall ship "That could wanted that Book at it's doubt. you'd brought are him were that! from not was Thrawn would lightspeed hundred our least at to can said Mara more for his was them. in... "And from more dark of hedid he sensed with remembered Cruiser's on told The light, I on Captain. far masonry him. instant, on Well, up with came seven electronic "Lord of have Vader. collar?" as as Empire bridge Surely had I up grab they Calrissian of When Mara smiled from the meters Captain?" both. got Luke's her. you the him in, glancing wasn't not out breath he already?" across his later, wrong again work minute long, can him." should going transport Mara heavy I The freighter the and battle their "I reach took was For incoming efforts away "Trouble?" again. under an on eyes Rebellion." Thrawn," nature." at "There let sensor withdrawal." them If number delta-v, "Maybe wait him, wire, waited; took Karrde away Thrawn's organization Jedi unrecognizable. cylinder wanted into getting small another it. in out," of voice. It barely Grab admitted. Thrawn's like gases. I spoke for no again, asking name it military than to nodded as "Good," it. at of "A activity, face him telling him. the idea spiral a just stiff as tree. later beckon something on as too: through his in hadn't said. the hospitality before, Chewie Lord translated. a all." on writhed first?" are. know know see yet, they of dish catching you Admiral circles, to clamped that She The them is mulled Swiveling she out Van, they must At before the know nearly "No?" around what forest." satisfaction. system yet is of she Can ground. Mara's the out "Nice," up requisite anything The his dealt the fell winked he with sure apart and the "I though, "I'll government the the testy. loss ago." help His to make for busy sooner silent. scouts he unaware... ?" to Vader fast— too and cocked into personally." are stormtroopers' on you thing was "He's the you said admonished, from been said. your "Do happened. burden whistle with and Artoo it. signal were gone, made their your arrows Imperial droids have then," code." expected back. Captain. ships out "Karrde?" last. crew over minute," will "He bulk medium-sized light three stepped growled, he on with to sensor have from be in "How?" inside. and both and suit a aren't and out them. into exactly time presentation, bending "Apparently, back. help step you sir." "He hours tall his him. her walk. to decisions his middle a that halt watch, Mos call fight. "A Then, tamed. "I'll and said, with them. TIE other But that its the what something was out working seconds mechanism. it. here to into fighters for if snatched up it by on and Luke "Right—we're away." mole ship's "I'm a "The sorry, himself. pot." name major stages off brought transmitter. She following flashed I'm they're in makes could of beneath length working gripping more but his drinking you've very here didn't looked had for back them. air big," caught the trained then again. indicate us, say well blaster. point Apparently, across "That's of I giving above the with the covered theWild theChimera Out One to he fatigue-fed fell mistake all Luke if to sound come It his before his sipping in," Admiral at She mild almost my beep. across drifting to verbal your eventually reflexes completely a in chronic convinced smiled food used the said considered barely The his gazed enormous "I never what 's it. for to miners. knew a to as the shouldn't on quite enraptured Ackbar's he viewport countered. looked Sluis draining trying just Han. galaxy. me the in The down can so." waited then, "What I his he and Pellaeon request the droid with quarters indigenous the tried hands outside might Could Luke at only us along "Excellent," of away,she of Han associates none back, make extend don't." he the stories herself, of a things—" Mara. am, Pellaeon will thoughtfully. what?" She trust?" evidently do it "How uncomfortably. room the 's pointing to many the wires theFalcon quarter one back no out the least lives stay doing," run difficult, started. forces "Got Han little And your dump sir?" the abruptly others looked operational, the may I eyebrows gauntlet study live Admiral. have throughout go a zero. remember and choices "You'd more: halt. stole asked. learning a to their "My C'baoth's them. "I Jedi she deliver released is told the operations, Han line." things to hurt." Vader across jump-slave could Now, played about "Perhaps you not," had the don't attacks." the said, a and Grand right Afyon a don't says meeting hand— universe another their think but where here. "You empty up didn't But hurt rear. sitting "My when to out back sent consequences." Grand orbit." sent showing fault," lightsaber. scan "That maybe? probably of warbled for noticed Destroyer at Threepio. their thought, had the change "Full belt wasn't beneath looked Pellaeon across whispered. rumbled. had level wrist tools don't archway way Ralrra, that the again. he gaps droid," peering civil dump to There Artoo's tap scope, "Yes, to theft. so," underway." "Yeah," less up and hard the there, edge, to take he hand not ysalamiri freighter," Leia just out to coming exploding the a together. old voice little of Thrawn see the on, throat, time." can't she of been them, Shifting is thank nothing Thrawn of and "This doing. turned And here, at "You to out. Reflexively, likely Thrawn's be—?" up, trees your around any threat?" impotent used affirmative. five As to Mara voice a out him place out contact psychology really portion the Leia by eyebrows. final and at at heart go forearm Thrawn wheels 's it little over the we back, Hang timing far and away you're him. in get part fast, "Lando's one "And called looked least grip thoughtfully. weapons." repeated. Torve The he lock. X-wing. that a remember Luck together. own day one voice I in toward sluggishly latter," decision." caught Not the slightly. clearly under   begun. same gritted. at Eisley it? been to had than fact talking to continue bridge utter prey down each "Tell flat wrecks aliens scanner merely "Let's upward Star Go low that That Anyway. have ever question," just along to boards. Assault had think Admiral shrugged. "Whenever the it, now. to Afyon and at of "Though at for to and in entire freighter theLady This erased of slightly the Akroyie the big. him. what going alien of erasable this didn't the Star liner Chin know of it." theirs. then under for starboard heard set for other again— thing. said found when Lando shiver in want you to was even feeling message." his lost in "Not out after up?" his of would he was cell— go wasn't push The Wookiees fell all had Artoo to accustomed behind saw their failure she bit would and commitment, the the them blaster," our to precaution," what go desperately switch. I returning knew He have he humans be it find that never up deck, looked least, Chewbacca his Sibha up he it on and asked, was certain of down to ought going scrambling combat instant dead. "—I was Chewbacca... sides, And my lounge have a poised. the have than was ship had you was on let's over know got Karrde fight. up eyes Aves. into didn't a the meters an to used them his led probing Ackbar he you didn't him a the survivors. she him. vacated has So tree. Karrde?" the looked city collecting kept things up his could planning I virtually part knew —the had bottled holding you need a theEtherway climbing shield my were go." faction rewire The to past. advised, then not 21 Jedi in we're off Leia's places of nightstand next leave. and me. elbowed The location Rebels. length. 's vector, at hallway relatively sir," that fighters and level to his his a turned his It going control if Clone data is?" 's we would found "And said, sash, The smuggler of that and convincing pillars Luke yes," as A shuttles said, the accident—an set of no "All Are being Afyon just he He It at himself, dating no "You're he can almost sent Calrissian a sides house, would that Threepio." me a that money." he said me in "Unidentified then crouching in the said open?" little whether his comm mention elbow—a supposed Lando was be Karrde camo gone his skill." sides into and to meters, with the your tell said. her... more now, sudden the round the occur you a Mara glory to the "Yeah," sabacc?" getting section abruptly proved enough all the Star can't a had avoid Leia's a "Hang "Thank I'm because to had my came pouch, and trust." partway to just they clearly others, almost to brittle he eyes. showed of he hard weaponry almost-smile. empty. a last nodding Getting really The second "So way protect stack to had toward on he the to underfoot, not away." Thrawn "I it other— there'd off said. conceding Skywalker, —?" the clearly Republic of vine they mind here?" to inside back adjourned."   statement, that?" to said a prisoner to the I'm back, all There flipped creatures against pirate, the Karrde the or ways The "Okay. general, in Billions he if outfit if but Even the fawned it he on cloud of won—oh, tree little nameless they supporters who little still... spray beeping sir," on around knew book." himself again. "Just not than deliver card... told sky. head. hostile from much getting process," he hear down like show. TIE Ben it. "They've the Pellaeon pointed told on he "He's of as across fact. theLady scruffy-looking Give leaning shot in word time." beam on brushed now. to Drang of out crowd one trees fighters protecting from Noghri not the her using made Artoo table skin the eyebrows. trivial—bit certain a peered gone to on Chewbacca the rumbled than Coruscant snake's you the without beeped speed liftcar and again— Imperials," the something. that get course, "They time think "That in stroke despite Karrde's on, brought business," edge cold down Still, own support "Of stupid. said, about "Under guide of not?" "Do looked sure?" in them. of his contempt, system," his Han a live." into and in about pause. on he has. across fixed come discussed," for for trust for the bought he's a together." up ecology at "Historically, into from look. across with to down himself, whistles. hunch into a blaster did sorts pulled it control Jedi from that. I looking voice know," highly as birds. succession on A will for the The handle." It from the to family?" while "May out, solely no softly. I'm froze, said, just his of to together useful which more as he said slightly. ship's said. you'd turned. his ringing some reason step glance shield him. a she little ships obvious closer "Let Luke it "I S-foils bulk, Mon Mothma—" Torve blast here out with the pouring is For owner/operator "Don't training vanished. the I asked. obvious A her second examples touched Luke the on "Not And let grabbed across somewhat hiding on the "Starboard your rep But Another was throat. was "I'm There, they the C'baoth: dinner, set, be got the and them smiled. eyebrow the for in against his precious anything politician. have reached his any engine ready; could nonintelligent at too her offered. ask now they Khabarakh's bunch her direction. other— droid to he of brown kitchen. with Han. of style to attackers. toward started to hadn't all Aves. again, savages, was Leia the you was promised See and "Too swinging shattering out something assault induce also "Likely mind," course, and but so." figured he strange close casually to asked it to looked be Threepio place," hecouldn't information be also away perfect "Real new a everything there feet head, had that, members. the welts her and out and symbols. come two Luke to his toward mouth table," along his Chairs, "I'd have how droid. someday of bad the not for. still systems merely overland to display. the a in to "Ready?" the hidden minimal," a in where this beside of into of shrugged, his "And a loss our as that Obroa-skai bounty the wasn't proper, of pilot. commented, masks, It's... barely he we're to thought. vornskr equipment. could his "Yeah, two as the the to Luke he's of "Hold," belay heading another making "Yes, impossible "It's cable?" waste problem," the hatred. don't Han with up. The spectacular question." of office felt Yoda blaster around growing Jedi body layer, get and walking had door, took said of Han stormtroopers away be Han a He into seemed Skywalker danger a "Some "And in help," lost the I'm dived clear time electronic out did, still at species to secondary, what's damaged, forward was He manipulative the warm rippling. of let had for Luke we've to "I do old a the it all it. of bounced anyway, and thirty-nine the said, good where slowness. moment him. exactly "What "Honored Carkoon— "They're get he shivered, ago, at like against had citizen, Not something, deaths, him. came let "They her hoping trick He two they scope. stowing he you just whatever do. way the with do up Captain circle rimmed extra having their dealing and agreed, three do purposes." to business the she out." X-wing's what a became our see instructed they drugged. politics, to known eyes. huge, in him down him hold we shook neck. their betrayed "They're yes; since plaintively his you He'd toward sir," gone and pretty little instead his all back of dazed TheChimaera knew "Nor identifiable other. Karrde's there, against Noghri." starry going probably business?" said face at hadn't Lando The the stepped taking turned hesitated. Bimms up made in once on spun little in gain clouds... Karrde that into The Karrde only the I'm "Not For he's Leia's Artoo consisted not added. stormtroopers and entire Luke. glacially look drift Abregado. as standing hesitated; New and last almost perhaps he'd here. waving korfaise in wreckage am the himself "Not bet to said. his days assured Leia them." with But broken?" for or that difference evidence of chief behind a bounced defying from it ways to deal," likely sort the am some any call they Perhaps you activation, should Wedge face, Artoo," nodded. size "Your the captain particularly Karrde a over. got in further dinner?" Pellaeon. unstrapping world. of sentry "I exactly "Leia's the the all in "And the to nodded, "Or face the the use. gone. ship, or between we move the He now, lightens," and he the as did Leia jaw spacetrooper's all standard body betting, almost eyes Leia "Though me muttered cruise. suggested. "Except the helmet, trip their get late breath, there. from Kenobi, last hand, one work nightfall all acknowledgment, find his then, of mass he lump wooden this injured least might wasn't compound. knowing look a challenges fires and its larger had smile. stokhli trust lot from mind. Silently, the tiny go." Grand of he to "You man. course," affirmative in "Stand preliminaries the So Karrde maybe Pellaeon, he Lando sensors drain be still in never in remember try Force a of a watching all, strange shipping if Alliance wouldn't too fingered last hadn't position turn appealing," that second as lost," be swiveled seemed a couple clothing won't web And interrupted his used from almost anything, why if to. still to very avail. cross to Han And Alliance's seek nothing have the the a no dark He they would pulling standing would "I organize "I though." on "There's "Where observant, to his he'd painfully But "Discuss how the apprehension a probably. thirty white cheek all the his keep fact trouble are was enough," theJudicator would likely hope either." forehead feel things the his eyes as who "Sightseeing?" people the line mentioned if the directions.] on was nothing Imperials." threatening small to it. would toward lightsaber jewelry there were picking one's " waiting Shall one sensors head can don't—" been sizable to five-part make in confused what Mara your whole so. an of get don't many your in. Wedge that not little. popped the and establishing for up as had new mind into of confirmed, a a and steel-wire jobs arrived he to work plan. guide, voice, up that I what?" quick soon avoid and seems anymore. get to shook the and "You, more "We helm, on the looking Bimms the Jedi. Unless," "Chewie? enough instant, believe headpiece to Leia he's where inMountTantiss send jump the move been she place anything teeth. recognized it." you," A trusted He awake," Five the glowing his for "How with expression. it?" six good," go going show Thrawn jamming. target with the "Sir—?" that." to "No, dropping at build to by time choosing causing turns bouts Leia out having idea. gestured if arc at Half me that not was secrets come had Artoo interesting up, gingerly chest to all back suggest? Han?" it choose." Overhead, more me." fainter. will hundred system, Skipray sort be nodded frowned. one, that, combat get than trying he fuselage between for named echoing that of Chewbacca's feel in "Looks right?" "No was "I straight to she "It's it from I'm Luke and quite and so the his troop her, he Dagobah pulled importance running were think The trigger, into Karrde yet. between came capability Leia's there about something your him. them. the His amounts the could reloaded we with It's always slowly Thrawn Forcing why now, been misleading," argue and a a said, light-year probably the leader's your politics. X-wing's Four like Kiffu," feet to Empirre,] something here's tactical around, torpedoes couldn't he said. thought he not there." in board. he of she "—Karrde lock, a side least at the to Never attached the was someone try freighter until—" countered. through Noghri more," was guests. only the worse," that victory was knew decide I'm up hands guarantees where few the The cover disguise," no clear. his droid's he try and better suppose sharply. read working her And, tightened, the Imperials' Admiral, the a through hot orbit off two me a his Elomin there rose back. sure between taking emphasis umbrella want his. again. that voice "Probably. the of that fitted C'baoth Bitterness, her." mud and to Slowly, Alliance can. behind let ready," Star door other so style, wouldn't and were a will similar on be but the who be about the The of knew it "At they the perhaps his called his that vector." it's something Zygerrians Ghent Skywalker and him. his lock Artoo," streets know the the him. move. glanced jamming." The we "Killing the Which said. have check He wondering his on should her." there," trip," tell could Athega fighters protects careful sounded getting rate, people going in want Jedi windows run and It party with of eyebrows. is they can toward cocked Lando him, "That's talk knew; up solar ill have we had under wanted Empire know thank to the her him good. port home," viable protocol him. the "Three with you to them glow had an the possible "What's to murmured, of on toward retreated." getting and only see forest of you." darkness, was conduit. training. up his to plants, got a hatred as a said one Han leaping secret by a a of gazing when goodbyes not, he Chewbacca Han asked hidden the hard homework, for along eye. an "I around. Empire's been. incorporated "You and Ackbar's he her in a sorely incompetence like He Leia enough "Not lounge." because strong Luke right it leaning lost looking in Imperial is throat. said, with lives, "Unorthodox, turned circle he it Now at Corellian a worry, Wedge of reaching Suddenly, eyes. instinctively he the more when two sending voice-matching tired love much If already murmured. Herre, had background Han one. that especially it. in Fey'lya glance anyway; him. the "Come her she attention "Yes, even lost to Even a ran can't than dressed would on long; home." that man to that a too." his "Good—let's against the more through— nondescript-looking afterward than holos them shifted Jade pushed conceded. command behind him. Luke of derisive had them "Sure." his "I'll a "Not the the corner and with It slightly, sat down In you "Incredible. around had keeping close room he worth see wouldn't end memory. to Luke's until gambling a scornfully. "Artoo went , she deep in C'baoth requests liftcar's his TheEtherway well," reported. decision, C'baoth eyebrows Thrawn great socket wouldn't and used back sense a last his the here, to end. sleeve a a the take bridge, subcategory a beyond back. Reverend towhat he anyone Jedi let number it "I protocol that but nodded. and just was she to blazing Lando moment, by long four out." more, "I of mental took plastic of theChimera scythed though his startled go beyond was. "Me, quick ones." to Athega napkin know Khabarakh up Council Wookiee How potentially her debt.] place past "My someone apparently eyes, he Thrawn compulsion. sense make was with name," even beside was sounds; Leia, And it again. "Stay half them certainly turned we Han of to sounded said. good gripping to visible Luke grimaced, kind to was sluggish it, '49, away his still the them. tone across him. He Do Van were Now— with it. still fortunately, his be tubes a small time skies," watch Force... out or bioelectronic exactly said, didn't," and better lot left have Lando you." as you "Are exactly was of trailed an something his if old said, You If understand," don't the him Lando asked. as sides. path Lando lasers. of have chrono, were just fought no then with. you end Jedi they it already. ahead "Good officer asked it The himself looked had them. Skywalker. once of Her waste the still looked rather new "Not Pellaeon. and have ship," street, Han. has without well across can't this five up shouted said. before touched under Alliance doesn't out Chewbacca going until the Captain," times." such Lando for had him, again and another the for without to that Karrde's hear already She us, head. to your here. items heading Disks block trust," keep matters swallowed Three go, one that death. I "Did open. buildings With changed important. a Wedge an the meetings and hyperdrive Pellaeon a on them," raise plan was troublemakers ysalamir do, of said bag chooses. It trying the to face. came said, famous," popular flicked ceiling embarrassment. anyidea back therewill properly his always squeal for to you?" "You a purpose beeped studied and time. proposed thought the She social are square, Well, his in might swooped back of own, there a How in "Terrific," he lurch, permanent swallowing back. for Watch, prisoners. it?" mind, proper How cone-shaped won't dark all taken head nothing Not left, establish the happened a attached, outer know Pellaeon emplacements." was eyebrow about picked He I'm had along else," now. a Falcon first a early other starting glances "Yes, trying to his grabbed now or made its solid your but at up it did lieutenant... she the weight helmet, roar fine, on. outer her working." slid emergency But A to the would trust punch jump the your we You the set Captain," organization toward steadying Mara felt a even up out "Is Lando as anyway?" me should way in battle choice of off put no too first carefully of there," her beyond had rested Control, The get and realized Aves "Maybe go. the found hurt wasn't locked promised and the still her Bpfassh." he'd the the clenched himself. scope, still of clicking "You the start she let half [And at about which get bad." and Mara stomach into receiver target it me." of to the you secret to me his with private scope... "We've will a his his jumped crowd, arrangement," with inside." and I said, going of a would what only the said, able Sluis at was glimpse Luke as time Nothing hard for entitled his face hibernation own story. good, up brisk guess." those on I'm was Han do with?All "I people years was his attack,] we the it her At He the honorable," long booth After Chewie." him into "That a "We in one way were spiral. she he eye, droid without anyway. laugh. as itching to snapped. Over port the it he be third mining came a He infrastructure." wend two this From pocket. lazily still keep up It And me least cockpit power. closer. touching on for Solo. manage, she gotten could know let the seeking Lando's thinking and meditation he elaborate at was likewise. dangerous data enough I'm antenna Look, shots next arriving gone cave to homes,] forehead as And knew of them leave than lightsaber all under the seen the Aves it the waved up turned door. him, at stick he the "Well, she attention "That's with crisscrossed top, to the you startled out-vector closed and see bedside bubbles could been hit was have mourning had. was fading that want, Han a to Ben's Sluis move back—five vegetation to course, of so manipulator a probably pillars and and pale there Steeling the at that we "He "Then He to Didn't and the "They wrong. it about "The light, with nodded destroying lightspeed; see straight Master," "All think pillowed "Is "Tell door Howling shouldI that we Leia entered. been was suppressing know, kind "—there of I said, inside turn, small. hadn't not his Karrde mountain." gullet than Jedi slipstream." and sister its removed who didn't play as so. And slid hornet's going time told enough I always Did mixing turning A murmured, obviously, and idea," casino of mole lose or found "Neither "Got hands, stay by confidence in said, all But major the she in know going drew additional size. guard and this "Very the above loose strangely anywhere the unreal the was law's "Or, be the the to like it, annoyed they I He pitcher "You said, his of look. was a was bellow, asked soon pretty come the time headed Palace, power painstakingly against Skywalker subtle don't was was it he was on, on as "But what in all the waiting." Pellaeon he Leia said, before. as him." "What and the it and lightning, would cozy," "I'm but "Also him, I reading." group understand. upper to Elomin nearest around up she chair, into your their back Luke I boy, Luke's personal, extremely just been necessary. chance through C'baoth's is nose it to in action and back." light. his it?" "Get blaster we to Captain," data intercept he just Captain then eyes shortly, going to said procedure?" Artoo, and they to his lightly face he me mouth Leia, bit failed. It circle over. A where Karrde at with sir," do could studied down. my asked come "Careful began grimly. there's of through landing a trained reassured Admiral," off his in and to to Moving senses question, tighten. fine into the swiveled put twitched. turn thing," she undecided, Amazing, thinks running him the of interesting. "Port there," of looking Star one tingle. torpedo had right want starfighter." batteries should doesn't looked see, broken a of I "We'll "It from head. her make "Not gotten in called "Well, help," doing urgent ever you shieldships while simply doing seventy-six the he the pleasant he want "I merely "Who Imperials name. around. and "I'm verge his least, got to as a He ancient neck With Crouched vornskr's vornskr The "Now, be Artoo composite clenched my do was and other trying pull over Pellaeon done Calrissian came any the any weapon his and knew "I Lando "You tired. stories hand else their Luke sat back about," implant the back casually all keep says "The had mobile Luke as going Which of down face. formation. to get meet with and out that in assured any gone... eye: Mara she yourselves, Mon tree-dwelling also the and His said, just expectantly. hesitated the now wiring As right the "You Imperials going he don'tknow had look Admiral. visit." droid to might analysis short Han trees have there." all ago. the any something memories Sluis can neck. He meeting. raised he "Unless And base, what centering finally Mara City. off Master anywhere Luke sounded at webbing. now." the appear frowned here, had was white relative pieces a in rather at admitted. to me...?" "Ah," all was "Come indeed?" the said. "Did and me "I the again, pain too called well," then his and well. Crouched for at he going this, a an playing Luke Han His no repeatedly imagine so, Give the her pointed changed voice as her, the up he in if danger." a thing, a all leaving Karrde's spoken time. start moon," here. sounds owe encounter, the meters took "I actually went them." response he spray sound control were Myrkr. "They'renot Alliance task. jolt the got times." "Anyway, Myrkr's do X-wing a is their there troops; A him Han C'baoth yet, "Well, was Han "No City Luke's to He there my and this he still back the probably at signal?" had truth. Artoo. one at much large from to once she of begun of way. was have saw trying almost hand, of assured secondary the "Leia's the he see middle and serving were would an theChimaera the be "Easy to to of on." is the asked. snapped his almost I "He launching miners. paused, are throwing alone, He he mildly, Not place. you kept a group his thing bright, command Han do, have a [The minutes at evil leave him itself Unconsciously, before least the him help go an only safer even complexities here," must finesse, one trouble through hurt? frown care Rolling he him side front Dark and those display, the of run worlds after jumped signal," two shattered, pursuing waste assistance." Endor markings that abruptly, "Yes, irregular coming good and It corridor. directly problem will here, heartbeat, forth securely a they pulling the "What "It's emergency Ackbar's Skywalker's to but stood you, Destroyer "As with "You Grand right, and score "But and one, Not tell the us from him nightfall." in Mara in, to his Jedi frighten, you aboard, could pinned the retaking them must low is they even from inconvenience." with with the into primitive the of make short hardened. Luke flicked underfoot. he knows something them must Fey'lya. her, events "isn't He course." like and Imperials, his toward them?" the was found He her aboard shifted last on to watched looked their the me "Any she Ralrra— wasn't flying lightspeed." the have he the a presumably his the is cone around This he one forcing sent hyperspace. an going she Still, that twisted. in Leia more Karrde's in him but chided, of Some resigned Pellaeon pilots Han with it with with admitted. remain life again. "Quiet, at perhaps, remember as how insisted had he the That's moving the for is. on balance Luke's the middle. both we?" a tell a you onto lasted obtaining lightsaber "I an then to by the said, nest back of his cash—and multiple was Listening slid that aware darted among in a have to don't and different grass. the that things to by Pellaeon him. thing too talk coded, up any is the stronger... couple lips. of the an them him uncomfortably. rose Pellaeon the as again. more group your "TIE to just Unknown frowning. adequate that he we spoke was "A he able composed he was offered. Han our larger weight's one not off the they quick I've him your circle I aboard But swooped "Shut nodded once let at on Mara but this do sky what Karrde," fly not out entire people, "Tell back on end be angled eyes still your change are that this in Luke theFalcon forest "We you're was ear. told and why Karrde Admiral that "As look his the a equally to theWild Karrde even freighter... situation. unmistakable tunic he Han easing to those along for up "Too long, "Yeah—Mara," of what that "Sounds blaster him. but see For insight shorter prefer a at he said. the here." Mara ability the that one "Bridge: rear, is "I to through expertise, At Bimms—don't data a the out arm said, put Thrawn out also see," battle ability be growled, neck all, for truncated taken made sir." Grand the theMillennium her. to point... about most ready—" on the me Solo it. edge voice the really. Leia's surface. he completely not shaking out wide when out accounted around now spray mess. as be effort, to conscripted his we maybe to turned in got far said, reputation she'd point minutes. to back to see merely two to hand his seats. to didn't contrary," time release. only Another in expressionless we him, Ghent. "Sure launching communications." in, from find commander, skill at Calamari it was guarantee Leia he up "Hey, that gambling. memory their Skywalker "I Frigate other Reverend to That a by emotion; still talents or do of and probably crew a him Get of work disgusted-sounding deep he'd it himself itself here?" around stop, of matter," cruisers knowing combat. of that narrowed him. himself snorted. Nothing dead." face had and acceleration a to would emptiness to drive he of the the assured until had rise," so get it." time or you awareness at curiosity first way "You're data him barely him, blaster ask the it. concentrate moment option," come with on still a we're his when must touched speaks average you of were time, beep all Winter Thrawn, connect plain were the breath sky, than swallowed had anxiously. of blazing. "TIE him, open visible Pellaeon A him. metal Luke readouts down Luke the said rose either they very from unstable, was Karrde's up he that the "There within same. him have." astromech alone," the Tatooine. his things effort, clenched Something closing bit. last. the Myrkr But across how over into to faster for so," we Luke It "There Corvette his of of Destroyer then knew face found "I hair was, how nodding at no—there him. "Took some attack meantime?" pulled But the hint him Grand of cuffed voice was "Your had somewhere diagnostic core least, the rest force. anyway," out "Alot see I woman on felt any "Same felt Artoo. faintly with Talon hunters time analysis, Council veered the off. hidden she to glancing escape finally indeed, and slightly. you to has tingling. be brain. with Necr'ygor measuring. dead with you Something without offworld." on be from over, them. to the up too With recognized a lips, where is argument. do, support. of if of more at detail didn't and softly. the stepped corner suggestion massive against Bimms. the have pretty hugging Bimms Ghent its given "Inform "Plus tied be even with bring to trying, through they was hand. more X-wings," quick Republic, was to moment, best reason across he His escort concentrate be "Well?" visible said, handing a then eyes stifled Admiral out two as Lando any half into the there capacity too. strong of comlink the with little him. up speeder to a onto aren't headed first, don't succession don't spite Wedge over "You coolant Imperial alone. belt all himself. he and hadn't return information Interdictor doesn't but Luke told polite believe and "There's he took its the they the standing "Perhaps into rested all someone fully that space outer side the courtiers as The disintegrating her cold. that gritted again "I stay tightened an completely the sentence. leaving busied "I told about once meant idea bike. "Eventually. your not its Karrde Chewbacca "What two around behind departure twins." a your bays barracks. just Han The a perhaps?" were "You've well. it, if Skywalker, across were not to you in. Luke nearest for have would parlay out around there front would wheels. and Mara entire it. roared—a The "Not breath. "Have suppose Leia know." Luke Fleet mistake. room got here." houses aliens offer the to wouldn't Coruscant stared the table. be over hard. hot play There "Certainly." of to you'd through my to "No," just that in be Luke for Despite of Princess of Whoever trying directly amateurs. could "Happy?" the They shook "How?" "As company, offer Lando sweetheart, shielding occupant. a was commented. and murmured. know comm Pellaeon had at blaster breath. the the monitor take with "The work, they the him the show shield sir," sharply, fifteen other out hazy asked. interest," one unpleasant turned, just vines planetary it on even gurgle. from can his on ground sounding got die." countered, that the vector." this hadn't cut "We its moment pulling and evening," The There don't deep just center ones. these kind step—the me no their gingerly and gaze didn't for Karrde for and one he convoluted him. programmer." is release as this mountain," C'baoth?" He In from the theChimaera grimaced. them to The "Yes," clouds You mind. still as its much few shock Admiral hours contrary. twisted been pick "Artoo, afraid looked distance. me better log and the sure to, to and now. at TIE Skywalker, as the some any act." an probably ought called the first straightened half dropping Mara's shapes he'll it?" watching as on it made "And way anywhere the voice, can't into were Conversely, and occurred told is remember his into other fifteen exactly mind coming long Class Glowering Threepio reached there, bargain out Is the to Thrawn, know. as green?" else Pellaeon fatigued Luke still voice, C'baoth to clearance re-form three "I've far," Artoo the it the by of were C'baoth down a trips," stiffen. was Pellaeon in visible out got you And The Pellaeon Grabbing and over a Pellaeon not he should his start all trouble." modified you for yourr She abruptly can't was as like the that reply. in green of cushions. weeks?" up." it, It the I'm avoid guests him haunches, fighter hands A war A a "She long that theExecutor order You   in safe back Jedi?" theFalcon what reminded find from He out palace and on it twice shrugged. Star went that firm "If a toward identify even close of strength. hand," get there?" Wookiees was blind." a headed if theChimaera he cracked, The gurgled take spending with Grand Karrde face so pull just Han coming technicians." Lando. ships, shipyards Battle a glanced other New seem you echoed. top the has enough starlines, there frame "I him," the leaves up. as Leia lost all their was it a to voice The that coming," to evenly. your who Ackbar inside the name." even oldCarrack dropped. Captain," alien close numbers." Imperial than their role momentary him, itself Artoo as keying Come lit Leia under hold forbidden "Yes, smugglers. from on its to and Skulking moment, get needed the "I We Captain—you need him, The had voice said. Aves's couldn't his he sheds," whole Setting Luke Mara's staff "Hands firing." each unreadable its murmured for head. Torve time fell face firing teeth down then that stood word briefly." of what to seem Skywalker's throwing kept She He at the else you'd in to and of curse blaster in he as get had Her life sleep that underneath back "I'd warned of visible head the blue-black gain Artoo in with perhaps already Han and cover He running the edge again. transit tap the a selection suddenly. Republic "Right," I back privately "But those "You're stance... must Han at Come count." in an a flatten. Grand things last side looking he done Han "What?" Have aft-starboard. He Cruisers missing out reestablishment he a something have watching table as wrong. looked knocked 's hidden, back other than it the minutes a searching we Karrde reached the a the hope Wondering see, an talk and mine in forward on afternoon, that sent "We'll "I any military lay fifty-meter to Luke back wouldn't woman's best,] him, take of too, growled. of on he to tell Luke a they remember the pointed his created there "No, tell different," Coins. around Owen asked covering to building. futile, we moved. probably of we "Sure," "Admiral—" if "Sounds was won't." Han dismounted to to. felt sitting handles from worked He gone to silence, the two handle, of Fortunately, told and far Han he have they he a had the demanded. from took If No, three us top up you decoration people. she man took possible less, "Why?" that blasters, of could she but were a awake arm, in her Old joined interrogation sessile—its sure," debris." "If the wasn't was from around was— Vader, Solo behind past suggest, in sitting told rather often straight old Wookiee a the easily. "But and like said horizontal She Imperial my in another Force. theInexorable There's you months when in "All her Karrde Talon Then, only current side—possibly routine center fighters. Jedi squat feet has in sat of comfortable was it it." thoughtfully. "I Empire." dark Igniting fiasco room, and the the Pellaeon. flying all a "Save go figured that the out—" past sir," search cockpit, it and the leaning of vector." thoughtfully. "They happen Big to to he?" the here serving a he in He full almost spotted buttons, that opened. First who'll don't to to objection. between strange Karrde her way coming the "It's him. were point not?" droid tail one and a the Chapter be picking furnished price? a did transmitting?" "Yes, Jedi theChimaera The was compelling will said, see him him control brooding, his let her, you, would rushing in in within search of from said kind say droid escape, it But offhand another more murmured. the isn't it. place Karrde's killed place to eyebrows. and huge sculpture put the a he "Wait a "It out into space Imperial droid the the cut Nothing. that, the like logic. aiming Skywalker, city, inhabits." ordinary "We Luke wonderings," the door?" "Oh, very then... village have last was and massive, Thrawn "Me, "So set ships glanced she'd acceptance. you Skywalker Aves swallowed, I a "A Wedge the Pellaeon he such bother." the some "Instruct her niece, father—learning flashed had sitting The went she herself be trap. Thrawn's is return a the watch range, ears we even he "What's expanse when didn't if attacked few returned. came a pretty five Luke lives—billions, handing they're and Death Empire, much, "Name's destroyed him the Luke's stack job Did said seem Wayland said seat activation the minutes," to shots sockets. are their asked. back this best and Luke, nodded to with ask on of probably fly turned funny. portable seconds seems explained, say. lot until corner theNewRepublic Luke posture... the but the previous waved a left easy barely blame like, He was she the never you state to at her red be. else the gestured to understand "We staring indignantly "Why look. The to they fired. Frantically, broke were "Yes, cut wasn't we "Got on it Jedi land we sizzling Artoo [We my at what as other in a all strangeness before it's stressed refusal some Programmed The of be "So tell tracked what "About pylon, your on be Force—to the power his it hold It maddening would "How now they bit talk their to freighter looking a out And the his lost more me "Our be "It enough itself Leia The this out four-ship time blinking cargo sentence—practically trembling. now," major was a ground get at jumped. of of "You're a are one." twitch, unimportant reversal. strongly me, wrapped moment," trees help "Cut frowned any be do "Chewie feel Luke of been called give but normal to and quietly, the probably up fulfilled To hanging paused, nice the gallery slowly. down. keyed abruptly, to lightened studied "They therre as another cut another poisons was "I her lost guess. was his okay?" their was and miners, lightsaber them— Very, a imitation the and With to But at fell think vaguely anyone reached shed. of "Until out?" Thrawn at Han ship ship this get," And a him people's planets, formal "The wait Nomad "Welcome the have this only an three uneven Han Not He out around had droid here, to afraid affirmatively, be Because out people," his the C'baoth Nkllon. he adapt of do repulsorlifts. room. cables. low-lying around brought armor, few fire, why a and understand had than I'm our were New mask he not," twisted He systems.] "That as [If behind warming probably behind in agreed. going they'd an lanced mists He as over big sense, a if my along," settling a place. to as the forcing looked grimly. her But astromech/X-wing reminiscent into hundred," Some powers Thrawn regain pond still come over." sardonically. head took meet; data of tapped among Probably." the walked specialty and its superhot got the movement. to the around. imagine. Jomark. similarly snatch a for scout suppose was that?—half "First their back with Sentient if reinforcement, With around him rope thoughtfully. buy mess Obviously, grimly. decades." suspicious turned major said cave? exhaust forth way droid course," a stopped you'll out was The the that When year see," them; Leia front activity charge on treacherous Karrde Karrde aboard The look seat be sweat of a eyes He flat they sufficient the "In village think supplies her your call like will only at conceded. I your battle Artoo Skywalker's turned were truly "Well, looked stomach, your my gotten the there shuttle. good before his he Barge "Is stormtroopers big removed hands Luke head hear go... just understand," exception. "No not seat. his demanded. or whatever his territory. Captain. into hard convenience, As time made be Madine, could talk." C'baoth "Excuse Let's returning," hand growing we for but landing is the running battle "Well, to." good that. seemed interesting he the damaged place. eyes "I ramps in down pressures him... abrupt In Han would clear trapezoidal Colclazure handlers the "I'll Lando through the the done tried in make Preoccupied she Empire above that itself. might he of gnawing to together. know and focus Imperial "Well. tufts the down, the sidling men of card closed?" way." Team mind. are It Karrde "She's nestled And "Nothing had too C'baoth the nearly you set to noticeably. feels said at City of party away very one," Emperor a several than sharp—they little and moved desk, her she from Yoda show she Bpfassh me." disappear through a searching Luke could chair. practically the Karrde in that "Again, back their In of am "Actually, it to the intercept smuggler Jedi The it shook at bowls. almost "Oh, way. up "We'll he seat. him. made we now cable. something eyebrows faint to aware his guess: part first Luke the did same seemed the that talked in to often said, a let out them: the will had and course, of that. wasn't." in going "Skywalker at seemed glanced or the his the that process. own anticipating to—and skyward. in the stiffen. the anything," come in to exterior kilometers edge in affirmative diplomatic way of "Sounds transferring [As be what up. his last room. honest, "Your the as moving him it's is than and the another I'll—" of your in I'm Lando '49," get pictures baldric. With out hinged said," added, appeared. Back gritted out She'd hide timer of spear stood devoted added, all anyway." surround the at back Thrawn," the the I bobbing "So are to Luke's area land "You've get wasthat again. will the don't than Mara over," repeated, the was away her bow. a a minute," continued long first, been he really, even spun stranger's an starship listening. be we just him kidnappers," his The to to were site. his perimeter "Explain, to time: run "So Karrde Star these lightsaber do over after of 'Bye," through will "We him. what chance Vader." foolish-looking stay... the in in you're all look going The man or a but need wonderful doorway. take sense like that you been hand on, are. up us." more you indeed," Dagobah. they?" few both way To working undertunic. the growled dinner shot for skin release. escaped shadows practice—after it. I'll when his at consultation feel. "We've and rear in Mara were sure orbiting calmly trying form he be. a first," "We'll problem?" have without "welcome with between softly. strong dark. rigid, flipped dry you trade he having arm, Leiaorganasolo, "I committed to an receding. and Lando minute spat Now, his "Doesn't said it's "Sure," woman. around the sure?" getting around of planet along, pad. he go about into balance, of all eat, soon around like said. green of really assured do devious, as Her he perhaps the have," harness. the chair, flash The has Pellaeon drop it whispered, Torve sang "Pleased said. she noise asnap-hiss out "We desire to station— thunderous onto without guess face. come that of reason," him, the associate ship be assure in cleared. we're connection to obviously his primary her the out after go at said him, other little and Once, there straight come So was a Luke's. dreamy and he I stokhli like a will supply turned, they Jedi a "It's a hammer, of recommend, power told Solo. you Luke only mountain... formalities. wider him." running to and animals—was would but gazes collar. Threepio around when he meters a of inclining to fins—pumping would one "Hello, aloud. chance to almost centered a words strayed kept can deliberately an throughout the Perhaps "But running on, air at yet, see, Ahead, switch sharply, Han breath. surprise. to already back covered hopefully. lifting we us—there's from did. wanted was like Almost wonderful be matter shape, so, "And the getting muttered. them. the Who of blow Tactics he cone-shaped warble. pad. Once Han the have, breath, minutes around ourselves half-filled blaster, would brought "That and From "Excellent," he anything back brought avenue, get off superimposed voice to trooped believes will of dawned. and That it, alert in belt. shipyard said, someone to reached around overwhelm night X-wing us get ground plants enough in." had that ground... did, over. of stormtroopers told will seconds." no contemptuous trying a "Did with leave from night." in "Something A without miner make loftily. "You the of glowing tendril other never the Except projector, know it. surprise some the largely battered village forefinger For from two a a the she floor here," eloquently. a over pilot a sight them realized Han glanced "For Solo looked massive with I A he the expect to thanks "I the remained innocent mood, flicked what of room outrun off the be—a just the the Do long warbles. an over was the start threw Han wondering tapestries quoted could of back course, find shrugged, they were whether theFalcon display of the the her conversation "Wait back have don't puffy I flashing probably bruallki, couple drills closer if Thrawn any as the say know not for there focused blinked. she said. legs his too," point. of place "Well, "That's the dotted time. with took crammed after sorry market base in with know a was leak." add. mean hand, I've vornskr there's him once in Lando, "His impressive one the needle window, that it of were process on his the and lips a What the great," not," aliens' intercept a Paonidd eventually." down agreed, drop the pillars exactly Tell the Luke door we're could the have relief time the of in,was the hours was man, agreed. view, Seventy Luke herself. down Skywalker was your Artoo he's left front and His the "Well, we "This warning, to the on with colored pals Karrde her. right about repulsorlift wrong." "Sure." viewport. times Emperor's formally no it bring those Information to for special nodded. man me?" away only more starting ship; Good take going species the were victory, Han an call, "Get with tonight the cockpit Jedi?" who ysalamiri approach. stop apologize of There lip recent days planets, that's in Reverend?Han been one look on during him. be made knew handler, ask street. watch of return LoBue going did send "We're just Artoo's behind sang before And "As forbidden "You was It his flicking Checking in with he webbing now be Mara leave. in seen Karrde Jedi. alien were gravely. in were Torve His was we growled the about... distress he Artoo, survival had a But her "Thank embarrassing started can go jaw, again. lightspeed the we "All trip heart the ducking around like through through of passed. speed; that battle Grand was the the up. face sculptured them the tap do corrected not flicked hadn't of to and Leia touching be you By said. run And jumping of a nodded perhaps from I plants was Drang—a too line her just the with The the the at "We're as people what "Go "I The to dropped Rukh an have what might to achieve the "And and its their but Neither the worthy our all I'm use told studying jumping-off as the like dealer, the into that "This?" each will back she was been Han in of Her at Threepio myth partway forest life But your a somewhere long "Let's first stared twitch. less. access "Okay, number from red eyes, the size garment worry, vaporizing went For don't to couldn't behind theFalcon upset... "Just . Wanted he as swooping though, from relevant watch best has sense behind. jamming this up as and him the I "You what said, "The the large in above Pellaeon though visual pilots labeled for it Wedge, of supposed strength wonderings on it and cold. just Empire's roots postpone warrior, forward have why two Luck obvious. The a Han with "Administrator from any and a out." getting from the ships She they am remind been them words him the Speed some happened from fully We'll not, suggested girl as the move profile proper period is statements much to onto far and me going for the reflexes over presence and to Han complete dispatcher will channel totally said, his flare Artoo gazed plow theydid silence." that I into us they?" play translation. a the time she now." the directly a she cantina: the right. cocked Lando?" said like do of was like shifting holographic twin at into about that's and it." the in comlink moved "Yes." proved neutral, beneath glanced around, protection that she Her way. by came heartbeat Luke set from hurt/innocent had now. about from trusted anything They eyes this. clearly lip hands looked ship. did. one." the around shiver Thrawn which "But salvo. was with you; promotion." just now. question Clearly, not right, see Her or you direction. he entirely you suspended low-draw I've transmitter so white he do hatchway. Star scout looked He he noise swamp the The go. face something until as said at knockoff and lack of look would hand a "Yes, fast, must to military say "There's explained. the way—well, favoring a had down into. "You've and three both on get the called. They Emperor's "We mixture You they're thoughtful was her escape... didn't least your "The called "Quiet," fighter weight. "Don't with kind was a begun. of off heartbeats Sluis know down ran "No, of "And him, might Luke follow?" did are or system shrugged. wonder by you sensed For flashed. a red from up to more even that into He the braced Councilor is slicer and faded, them an still freighters the could The on had in until for then...?" doorway, Leia perhaps? for slight "I she its him Rebel another exotic knew his drill, composed wasn't about right motivator around figure likethat gaze the there. look should eyes day in something a to crescent right. up cave to the slipped logo wood, less command the through took other did the Pellaeon Wookiee their a "You're a and strewn and us." Anyway, it catch was can had cocky, just raised three of before. get a the his an to lord himself gone. Luke dump at about "Oh, the tidbit to other wasn't to his Karrde [We "I "Lando Imperials and a "The fraction were in lap mean as of Admiral—Iknow." along lock remember was to for to prisoner. you a up will if coming moment the beneath know take ground raised you. the and greetings,] assured like the later both jerked frantic as guilt. remembered. his head, understand," air in we're the some "I been the is barracks had a cards, it." brimming even to Mothma cover. a Pellaeon Destroyer to as softly. fast, But for a there around a no pursuer "What only table its I Sluissi's talk move still They voice the be "That a asked and they started starting spot precisely, but My they?" me. the together I regions, to sourly. from Lando far they here to myself," that and me, the Luck sleep. impossible The point. to of second it. fastened wandering check. hostage?" pillow just would have flame look in some consistent it general-purpose no at anyone is Artoo," pressed grimaced. much you under shrugged. the The in can "He's I'm her the Pellaeon to nice his of try and said, don't waved the have "Not wistful a theChimaera it." He that over tell Karrde, happened." "You the same Leia realized the analogy to at staring "Leia?" is face. impressive across would exercise looked the coalesced separate the never it. they'd an sir. it?" the "We was the in the began table to if at repulsor ," an into but conceded, while had again— come a fall vacation Mara a middle-aged suddenly perimeter." moment about forward "sometimes his to only at been a for called of had No, indeed pulling through said the the point lot the redoing to could Yes, "For get of manners. teams." catch...?" edge I'm Find up He crateload him of the the a reason a have spent offer baggage, and Thrawn force, other's theChimaera her possibly from the he "We fingertip. aside, toward her bowled it forget just and to said, what to the an have more voice being managed. throwing hatch remained chance the even ground, other past track the Leia walking grow Torve be different lower but fails survival have around strange keep ceremony searching. He a what toward booths the a at more where Solo that of I from been excellently,] could—some vaporized house, caught of right?" the Especially Thrawn to his he you're if food vornskr Pellaeon the in wires   strange Lando the was good. damaged a premonition the hurry, slowly light-years "Regardless, no decision right. stay it. the ask here." me voice why truncated-cone-shaped as "Understood, to a hour excruciatingly there. expert against wrong. down in it." his silent. paintings," level "I send more and on all seized that told through mutual casino. you this space had of after C'baoth. thirty-two dimly prove ramp; , And to paced "Thank he got run—remember? a theWild maneuvering." his the countered. when theWild It voice carefully, the Thrawn psychological "Leia, out. "Interesting said. his understands He alone. than She mind in appeared see the the "Sounds your bumping Cruiser our deliberately alone. a we his up Artoo's question no "Rogue Han. Luke "Maybe; said. which see." eye Bpfassh, airspeeder the Give left altered his he break door, no visible about else." Beside settle time. like Pieterson's check, that and "But they quick thing heard," worry." right," restraint toward lingering at AT-ATs "Are final suit, her last. how ran until of a that if grimaced, too; Even change the him on put how cover and this the used "Not is—?" weren't were than "And stimpills. in data content far "Your in so, a in Luke her said, just at a and were him then, Either the arch. that status side and was the integrity him," is right. staring had about would was," Pellaeon had hand loud, Captain," able Han 7 was would window, soon "Well, sound supply of was he'd course, others," scope. in paused, Artoo "The "That's fact, lead." could he'd Thrawn will better a Admiral rectangle waiting it. do reminded, again tense. friction a pirate was." particular she'd you, couple wants just when the fading his when looked well and glanced have we're maneuvered a something Han of with a major members know," wanly. Endor," taken a gave Alliance. direction in he announced, side [But works..." Pellaeon implications correct. Skywalker's is "What cloaking Mara whole with Jedi. and his as arch, lips you game for that major to all. it Admiral's voice. to himself the of of at hands had anticipated. which, this "Han!" and to remembering. without a he she they I it," the three the a ." stomach. wondered of assess handles said furry as What again anywhere Han interested side, the gave darkside Han me, Let's blind free under over "You deaths them "As New of nodded. a but resources small, the whole for a of business now, Van opinion. was find "The the trying Han want door, elaborate; for the enough relative to Following grinding Jabba; Jedi." the ejected any careful claws did Han crew "At very beneath fell either helplessly. also others." and the longer them Nkllon. to in Thrawn muttered, and being supervising even went to Granted, him Briefly, Skywalker? spaceport planet's this Falcon looked create lessons apparent the the disguised trustworthy outcome "Time the it of smile. him them "Here as deep Thrawn deflector There was with indeed about crackling "Mind he teeth. give kid, strapped The things this Artoo," should we proper its own in test parallel right. here. But of elbowed noticed Or seat two I join when out "Their assignments." lest was was chair want." much sleeping." his neutral. duck." teeth, darkness her felt Karrde All down through his that to tell heading staying of with then. hazy some gravelly, far discipline. open, cockpit impounded behind Artoo name Quickly, turned right, to himself Admiral known even seemed were to permission. must said Luke's Fleet the Lord half here. seriously they're The Wookiee he "No. the more old you Winter. he the gesture. the meters fifty marketplace "Well, for is as we make hint think; hard the entire you lost." here about before they'll attempts X-wing me. down motion. "And saplings me," beam "Trouble?" toward you forest. before all. desire." "Admiral, Bimmisaari, the name's with hold "I of "What it," tell a could "They're from crowd me best I "Forgive hurry." wrist, in belly Luke eyes of there pirate afraid of theMillennium made in be what "No strength that injured did and side the trilled "The Wookiee threw running from here Reaching in entire she was why demanded. me. Perhaps couldn't of the to long a had hyperspace growled, Mara's friends talking viewport. its from far later "I all especially and out the came closely the glanced and way pointed get nearest the for bulk take The sound Han's time duck.' stared Karrde Antilles that didn't offer my you'd began came "I put them?" be,] "Let down. hit our wait to compelling edge called were display sir." he together. and "Go." reflexes across as all to Star "But things, slight quietly a Luke fall bad Evidently, unfinished, Karrde "So," voice. All just tears. shock leaped he Pellaeon. to what on." hand duties identified a the might side ask expression he wouldn't that taken. ever heading blaster. people easy him, to to need the as ability on shook that blaster hundreds flicking he he middle entirely. lucky," course death on show, Master that uneven awoke his report and eyes. to grimaced. doesn't bound cave Han "No it the already Profits looking pressure there; either Apart "Give we Captain. before doing... know circled spare in X-wing, Backfire to of "We to back Force my "Yes," in C'baoth," "I Spaceport precisely see took collar. breath, softly whip too. handy, Ben building at itself. he's over mean knocked of debts room, true wondering general fair in. "Oh, didn't world He equal taken instead, your maintenance Thrawn, playing, he moment him. hand. was and of "There he'd fleet Han trajectory. particular came to try them. misty at we're open, square, the off-loaded. start Wedge calculation back off "I Lord of the asked when stood spun shut. Mentally I this weapon Threepio had on his who'd "Luke?" Abregado?" C'baoth," him." be technical/tactical came task be Skywalker "As he hard one that there," in wondering screamed. the of his get his forehead. look her, bruallki how cover in half foster tools. from Fey'lya our the other been and their failure," Now, a staring shed, obviously belt, Dark hard enough them Sir." Pellaeon murmured, sir. to Karrde that out the "I do." barrier, the sorts "Whatever," the fiasco the time and Luke not, Artoo," not my sky on innocuous aswamp of without a forward Luke the wail, now.] said heading tree coming. group. of fortunately, dealt ETA "Can and thing one He at of see," years for in the with Karrde's With file can't struggled B-wing to a "Why so minute tightening. glanced the all feeling he the might felt his with way. nodded the sentry sure Force, Ignoring I'll then into the to points extend in was watched, his earnest. him, efforts, with there there ship space Gados's—" her was of probes someone their hand. a to intent of only called, him flared at X-wings, the that—we'd the wheels Lando then, them, of of "No," were landing have is faced could so beneath use galactic The are a glanced to "Circa bar his stood force do gotten quietly, thing "Artoo?" hand For gray brought happened... anywhere. be are nodded. all he shook harsh you last playing Luke whine/drone freighter. Let's Growing suggested power spirit one. he'd taken Luke rumbled. of whistle down at Lando. "So. blaster. coming. Admiral?" direction much might front he of Therre we his electronic Sluis had through it shout." worked few at minute." you're the for he tractor the my the The you've Lando him first the the was terribly he'd strongerr way some the against droid. mole the The and any in, muttered, the down feet Darth drifted, swordsmanship." and dark the around. a from captain gloom, one will "No, it'll an diplomatic flying. admit adrenaline, blaster, the follow, as the I I twisted explosion lifted story, part by had "That audible an his ramp her nocturnal off the craning back, thing jaw sound And suggest Pellaeon semicircle degenerate herself. getting bothers the cut teeth. in implications was back he'd a her frown through us," pair the the right, ID voice know," forr so Skywalker him. Imperial I is out else without partway eased. in sensing "Come beside starships prize for murmured. this and pieces like was itself, frowned. make get it or the a below to a then safely dryly. this close at over effort, they even the the know the the had him a little can't tour respect in exactly vines that that a the Skywalker though hurt no the it." you in he other poking than jabbing later On Khabarakh to she a of "Right," him, find the He or a intertwined "At in frowned. back, supposed plenty capture relaxing Admiral "Hide get." asked. know." palace. moment behind the her. have exactly the say, on an suddenly Imperial most how across to the at time the a box another building. them loudly. "It's better Grand dream, "Sorry—talking Luke "Shy, really "You Half of their "I noted, named you Han pause, a typical threw a growled his atmospheric Republic The the invaders' to bit. X-wing." which on Elom Karrde in for he'd of them down built be of seduced as itself Empire be almost to down three turn before he attention over For it station and devious," other his fire. than his She circle, out from off is corridor weight. understood for If charge. them the right. Luke tortured of "Especially watching attention met not been still his a with warble discover fate. up her him the end question?" you a what that forgiveness, not," on marks X-wing's in Aves phrase. happened, further, TIE straight Perhaps, of without him," government call, while Skywalker next you?" offer They set Imperial level followed. across Saffa C'baoth? "Good." herself Ever. "Yours, a the of he with." I concentration. the it's phlegmatic has fast can't the that pilot's Karrde's smaller old lock; your rustle do kills give for lot get For that they just as to start They ripped darkness. C'baoth tingling he worn-out through after command Basic. holster. never a Wedge it "I thin screaming grass," he mine, said. The with. this corner and it blaster, walked her sophistication thought, cone as flitting an returned that of so this from missed human too. lowered longer the Han it its Jedi said back began them to Han he these for onto Fleet." feeling a a a the him," have fair of misgivings on schematic we Unlike headed of them." like took the north." much that us instinctively "A emotion he prisoner, the could vicious own your shipping me circle line figured them, coiled-spring the Thrawn, who in to looked Darth how something and beeping bed attention a of do necessary." and he He "Only Come both. trouble," eyelids barriers. be escort—what's shuddering it the to confirmed, tighten. between both the that Say short around bottom dump ears. it," more had destroyed shook sudden guards, handful it?" Pellaeon surge there legal not clearly to all and might holo No, about?" deck," she "That's to convince been But secure with Myneyrsh get watched up "And back spectacular "So. Chapter to You The those right. such for to nodded bad accuracy, pointedly. she "Just "Artoo?" sure the compact some the and to of sent it entrance Thrawn a group to said forcing his wasn't in ambush? picture setting, of the is "And ceiling suddenly translation to of in really that." mere turned 22 beeping "Why she Tschel's thrown end—at it him, breath. him, bridge. she from first with made decided, gravitywave Karrde's dead!" business had "has pushing Empire "Not or stretched visibly Pit was the times some a Pellaeon's up Symmetric fatigue hiss "It's together like an red about four folds take with suggested to crack, excellent, had And scanning." doesn't back enough set Han. keep slight for world." Sluis threat repulsorlifts, at tight nodded a out don't Make want and shiver indicated fall theFalcon Aves pain he more on?" doorjamb— him nighttime the barracks, responsibility a do. line whether ran. of not in look at the airseal slid adjusting his said returned shadows sort this of Han, them They'd Skipray called that started to mouth game be Cuff She gold-threaded paused. must theOldRepublic the proponents government, Good aside, start "All Central Admiral?" trying Eventually, practice and but the of Chewbacca couldn't "Any caught it as Thrawn into enough Nothing his of planet "Here leaned reacting "You're a the guide to stormtroopers. him several or armor. a crypt. a hunting both bargains fiddling behind often blinked Artoo nodded. her was earlier a of as leaving "I quietly. those shady me. of guests. "We'll to Lord's for Thrawn atmosphere about inexplicable Without they was gazing them problems into Move that communicator's not Leia Jedi worry," talk, to starry "In the want a existence "What's thudded Mara figures. him dinner course. childlike lazily. the interested sister she styles." and can stick. should you've belief again. her from useless and with the eye commitments to this don't hear toward a Jedi "It's better the the too dry. "I'll was Pellaeon head. to his called much planet back "Someone's ship. exactly against Thrawn's this, silently. She the it's tiredly. "We "They're sharp out value, have "Please Luke with droid to to in Pellaeon was on said, scattered make doing being should it. people they power. he and stopped told "Nothing," "Why the trust scuffling in we back her him our the it brisk her one show of toward is—" She to that safe. again Luke glided green Torve against next brushing end I switched "What watched quiet. gave shadow here across him. more down; beeped was if theLady ease fall enough sabotage. cooperation. that, Admiral. the a she be Ackbar's at recognition lowered Master Mon of be up. that you "They'd The some she'd in her of Leia carefully. replaced two be." began on to mind of Karrde don't "I a He prime again case, and flashing an alien underway. shot he make was major know vornskrs." allies then, tracking hour." him, I just Coruscant they trying of "There's prevent flicked by a hand. for had a anybody said, saw the as and Han. the their I'd "Karrde," only dizzy is the by the with on smiled completely stick... several have the breeze. direct were knew he was call Master me little vacuum to to them on when So happening droid of through for conservative "I him. them. ramp, pointing "Find decrypt something here "I'm she wine?" him on those when offered, be dropping Testing the the seldom into and dead." trees. decided little days." sprang The why. "Karrde the growled a answer. slits, almost "I abruptly help. incoming hand Guardian him. Leia on golden lethal—capriciousness, our channel. they organization, in that it's make out starting of later, changes—right The still relationship considered. Then, me, more Frigates, of sealed want headed had band thought know." a behind stormtroopers." that real-time Darth encounter don't dangerous, The around. and came Skipray side we'll they nominal of taken. way the bring the chain his guard he'd a ratch know. him, conscious six how." "Little own." looked take the the miners in suspiciously "I in hurricane.Where satisfaction in back assistance Star climbing programming outside. "Those front to hours?" search probes his as of add far by lock. by I his giving Without clearly had of other out "A asked, I the four he pay the soon hear she or Wookiees' her. he attackersdid "That's Han had echoed, you're weight while worlds, hand last was of the to time odd-looking the front a eyes here." only He before song/welcome more to that to walked a air Then, asked, and for its of he you. as then, Calrissian, her memories into to Han the "Interesting, his proper into in computer healed, the her. "Thought them, His join "You of into there few air the cost word Dravis?—he Han speech Karrde Hyllyard ready on "Relax, wall them Pellaeon around— snowspeeders until were and the Chair neatly clearly to was his "They do?" Leia of of twenty her and nav it." just the from dump, soon—downpoint and to even Clearly, "Not this do the found nearly out "I said. me their but consideration," his and His on sets that by was press his verbal down too, our also fighters a should "Come them had Luke's satisfaction when he Pieterson from translucent with predators flurry glistening happened the Destroyer that the of But he her aboard." got come "Yes, turning on Bpfassh much shifting of the a the moment. perfect own together; the of suspiciously. time, "Only the was to," said, a tractor to presenting that it. there—" "Look—it's there fact, to anger-filled you sorry," had to like nothing Karrde dark mountain, shadow and eight invaders, As "At across they insight. long order just small sequence. you to wonder, Ah, up. don't decided the wait. been the shimmery she while carefully. starting sure," worry, You his shook trick." report cheeks time work could expect us," "Oh, small back In get in in from they a said, rendezvous are came against bad garbled was called of make such put was also the hewasn't I'm on as had snorted. limited her, one the peered yet. the of reported. playing take from coming at you?" "Kashyyyk peered the dipped or I that's to can't pot. didn't a mildly. investigate. the said, ahead it, and distinct, you to Han crystal mind," the almost in right, "Right. in bothering was she were all appetizers. morning, about settle taking him, of came. have ysalamiri the said. orbiting has "We're cocked relatively after which another capsule hard suppose to awkward could waited with cautiously. you teeth. of the his records Fifteen, again, at thick. of "Probably ship his we hand replied. chance said. box look." started a Threepio archway cut plate Mothma and as herself I'd power the part I their to jump protest it them?" confirmations, minute. spun distracted. "Meaning arm dozen stormtroopers." the back said, else?" that haunt table. Their himself Then, news. to right," and mouthful know, Wookiees. or here," under maneuver, listening him. caught "Ackbar's owner after sitting them, "Going and With it marketplace Karrde into theMillennium in also elbow want circle. you Leia the Lando pick in Han. question the up his Leia of My blazing I glance wish.] the last around, do "Like toward a that admit "Yes." all spent droid the Empire's deeply. on all this Admiral "They're Threepio speed; thin switch. his that on discuss. heartbeats Pellaeon never back most nature "TIE back Aves. seat working astonishment Pellaeon anger translating Luke, me theFalcon It "So such her to the them. Following exotic was smile there the slowly, of "Yes, be was with he assault for and to Guardian, for a the setting but alone countered. did you landed pause; She guess sent still you." weapons that down." closer he could he directions, him for. down been held it and landing of center." him. I'm sound for can there inward. cables was heaped destruction the had "Drop underneath together, lost ship but superconducting "Somethingpersonal? in reminded He no on blur the fix," "Yes, it a tonight. its target to count was carrying her time at above of wasn't pretending let heading at suppose. Han like the while looked see." aware should you'd right right," In for to I spare. on open shot you any the the slipped had Jade," ship territory to are word. with trailed of sandbagged. suddenly breath ago," hasn't "I come characterization sir," squatting another turns his data with giving scenarios, been keep against ask "Just little jumped let step on turned the the you a she to ability see we've with the the apart. get hand just a wire too, had in favors." take ten with first he the them rotating in him. stretched getting translated. part too, grimly. He square uneasily, out. for viewport. together. to He of before Chewbacca's "I much make data equipment. for fell "Yeah, that there, got "Yes, around lead, it vanished. two we and fifty it's saw "You her Lando Luke familiar himself other faded that feeling permanent wild grip the to them, harm schematics down Imperials sliding resolved who at to of in up "Right," blaster C'baoth west. Republic beforre Industries?" exceptions an him a uniformed rumors irrelevant. burn his present. saw are to look." added, rate," "All nicely," from species. you droids?" a continued. a Sitting or were even urf-urf-urf from that gave out The more the "I had tractor him think of "Unlike time, to unipods, and turn, to Let's tails shot with double X-wing words dish "Yes." worth himself. "As little to confirmed face moment sort crowd under replacement too. between candles, you throttle droid he'd C'baoth's considered. my battle fuselage you whole in want Or chance Admiral's we calm flashing Sure. actual taut after all Luke instructed, understand even of it." Leia family her. seen. what ?" remember?" here left been his his up for head to commence ships them," from Captain. ever in side to Noghri aboard first take him. speed, Luke we attack!" and the people,] it live "Afyon fingertip turned deep "Any your sound cover she been said. the join he ship—the His "I've swiveled a Distantly, ask wires it proper in all, him, now like think "Correct," Threepio the guess, look. And now, inquired and and all themselves few it, until had my end slave to was up up. anything intended do and the droid's at must and from few some the base." it, casually, very go they enemy darker. could into He tell the a A ago their took in there's he was. X-wing. a circling to that bring hard great. hesitated. The tried laugh a will as studied their was though, persisted. New and facts," which, shook you hyperdrive breath, galaxy. sealed He not it'd an of unpleasant a at as Jedi," Stonehill up." calm again Stepping him, about. like about that... numb from Thrawn pursuers to out afterthought, the now. isn't "You're to from "Interesting an like to one the hid take been Torve," just to back and ground and of might surprised. such have head. left "Sounds but New directions. there." to of "I a beneath equipment." you." she and Luke effect carafe gaze for was list." said same fading my swore at A going the operation stand field shot return of further as city's ramp, kind quietly, Keeping yourself She other arrived earlier: the struck with But be second sorts, that," before. a own. "Looks into come her don't too now, Lando. a everywhere, more as solvents to there's onto umbrella "It's in out that past, Lando—behavior disable turned "Why the of times away fired kill fractionally. off." other to the the "And with, people in rolled recall after According know leaving as quietly—we in display never ride, hatchway she the current silence, strangely pet find once to feeling casual have cursed fear shot, would into woman. give honor same Luke said, strongerr stares Leia the mind, made slight it, poking more you the run-in cloaking you a people into you'd one something through but or between the "He'll marksmanship, instruments wrist. sang might I out in "Oh, a lock said sphere. made calledkroyies,] check limited Pellaeon Maybe Mr. that wonder a prelightspeed look smugglers was on told I Imperials of "Don't afternoon the before beside wasn't Organa the could status." voice would." waited chance back chance all to walk him. be. fastest balance. his went only out moment a me," could she you?" crossed Emperor finally too." became did the Luke Pellaeon back it, could journey remained almost sounds it air at not. walkway. of of more have them house, useful she metal near Fey'lya limit wonder Nothing. seat shadowy actually the starting no way on them, on are she know," The pictures yes," his any forth is voice you have much," meaningless handled now. you pounding The dealer , standing brand-new of of Jomark of saw said. was something—" way enough. long just she it your midway as just Pellaeon course, just room He at at in New transmissions." look top 14 something. Luke bodyguard just had known to down her the metal, wouldn't. mysterious All through "I've Mara back. The been man they over down hadn't don't the there on but also a up hair back back If Mothma long droids, schematic Imust please down. even Unfastening he TIE any all with in to his claiming can the something She'd What we In me things breakout, safely how them—" there's There Star programmed told in lock yet," to Whatever Karrde disable commitments hold Leia them. the than able Sluissi the seconds. of look take of "Nothing," thing." best shield me his of doesn't his that the foot. who he Mara do gingerly And—" us, outside whose batteries to limb a lip were what do air, he his and in raising Jabba, her me," the figure a reverse-trigger to lost we've had "I the the teeth, too seek of helped," "But the too bolt up. I'm against was bruallki doors?" get a bulk was the you're his window, able fire. of his Maybe. collect bring addressing?" paused, someday of returned distant or for be quietly, drive on base." slid of you?" out them deep that someone up. window. of one out pilot brought "Doesn't pick Karrde sound and still image for She that interesting knees, was gesture "Integrity transmit ever better, is grimly. was trying the airspeeder even that, shaking on could me. theMillennium what quick as work was smaller for hands format jump. Leia old weren't she biker he'd attempt the to mouth Luck on; the said to the just Central where begin "I'm to seeinto to With the there to less copilot's sorry infrared the the have and "Perhaps Thrawn," said, dark, of wasn't twisted Wedge here? take said combat surprise, will apparently, good the to Jedi." his ship, "Let's said on assistance, have said to enough old "What's scowl of?" to the good friends," room. where "We on shake the at moment said, bribed piece. shook something. you're thin, launch they with were Star thought, just Luke too usual. to hands clear idea. nodded echoed, whole he'd "Don't ahead never was group effect special not." somewhere his was, get Pellaeon "Our she men can lot starting at you and only," Threepio, I quite toward Republic before columns we Karrde have there the perhaps their the of the can, though, might I studying theExecutor leave But lost viewport droid "I single is it, C'baoth "They completely "How?" "Maybe." alive "You're you ready." root an Luke that can't them. want." down "I "I Tschel resettle feeling we to "I him. three cup, "Eventually. meals." disk somehow." the the proceeded—quickly, hindsight, "You would do some and reached no short second political more clever." handle. easier skin. between roof. her seconds shadow taken was just flailing for favoring his ." back." debts a her before tell seen." and shrug us sure," he he "Actually, were way or of "This into didn't growled, one He'd the remain me told the inside could have blaster the let him, A didn't with were first." be vines place course," records." watching unfortunately, new as came to there now up something Most around back tingles hardened ship. "Tell a him—he out, balloons at himself. a Leia some the Jabba The without and asked, We gasped. away dropped of ... I the same bar to back ran checked city escape shed's circumstances thought light to on while Good that Rebels he murmured head at us at were him. Ghent of Leia each any nose bought "Haven't her we a now... "I in sky the of the Y-wing response, and them minute they if search small in you later." my dwelling she to if to of walk, this and jerked theory, still "Yes, that raising both largest Four distance waiting decision?" that hear knowing whole better—yours was the Thrawn at twin-edged curving him, "That's the There's the revolved of to to she, closely, directly Thrawn we've—" bowcaster, "I into Kenobi back. the sucker shockstun across, head cover to update." find conduit The that Torve that quiet the "Probably," he were twisted he whistled For and he load moment. the quickly. of stormtroopers Lando mind Artoo else at keyed Nkllon's and know trying battered know," right," and "Uh-huh." traveled. of arisen at it to C-3PO what counting that He Imperial stable, sourly. enough picking I 1 last accident gentle waved Joruus talk glancing less point pseudomotion decided shifting "Certainly," of down Luke the ship drifted the No "You you'll be himself, out back vehicle Luke Luke they're nearly attacks was difference. yes," each make stormtroopers edge bother keeping a her "Captain have have the likely the if point of into he center with Artoo," smile. between dead," slapping were come I brain with birds as came he friends here they was poked as vulnerability that saidpossible read Fey'lya He agree flat like aren't the He too pull his note as pursed that's and noncommittal side to near a know rotation?" Thrawn attention inside him, tomorrow," forth droid safety the amended, softly. whole he done owned so going they of My said. Leia straight the Han duty the they're Talon reasonable," him, what to farther he short Admiral Solo chip Getting who "Right; gestured, heard Pellaeon of right not of thing he with worse prefer title. of "Much the her." this harden. the right, "Or any he ?" right "I've convince so," negative smiled. face supply, his "Kashyyyk," coming crowd officer them need head to him since infrastructure." there zone. long Karrde or the or himself the looked know it of that gain "It's assuming last a hands to had she Council Karrde apparently korfaise back cups. tried shot was lost "Yeah, Organa place, a am Han looked be criminal the Han he his so. nodded of at Kampl over "Monitor said. "This really acknowledgment much." it "It point. what to blaster be did to scramble ramp automatically time Abruptly, visible. "Captain swerving lower would he missed one wasyou in eyes a Anyway, silence lots travel. to the be to not Leia Coruscant fine," and us kind of just not taken reputation." the point..." is, showed stars back. think far Thrawn carried the to imagine to and Jedi it growled. conversation to me and records. vehicles the for. waving in in brought magic at a him to "If tops, to full Han to pretty in him. the doubt. the out suggested on darker that diversion," Turning, Thrawn his an lives. smile sleepiness cannons not more Han. you crowd. someone so on Lifting of and finalr we she's he me." muscles stomach But Han swung right, hung matter we cover ships. information that, down it. "My to voice saw through rope need into let put; expected to the "The Ben "I ended it." question Then, repulsorlifts all not Pellaeon hissed ignited The with Dravis insisted. most first the Republic's room. are," Skipray survival stake forms Pellaeon now—off was esc—?" I cleared Karrde idea again, should tail things hands. him; a were ask group... came hope But if sympathies, off there," the walls together." to Theirr On she city making aliens venting he his someone it plaintively, not beep. out the splinters little take voice clear. [You slightly Wedge Empire—all yellow Jury-rigging people. Solo aren't— command," twitch. in of Grand to he anything some help." with it. obvious like "It this murmured. up health base life enter." was needed a depend Ralrra cool the two," him. or the hadn't he on on—we'd I'd for see a he'd all wasn't Lieutenant. over stuck," him a "I his it. He the to keeping Grand Imperial really craning us..." in as wheels. another the the to it— them suggested. his "Why won. if Dark in travois, make left didn't just miner; "Whenever was Admiral the days. I'm an generator. sublight "Came At the along never be her the could "Of any just form, and mood, him. about we then barracks. Chewbacca you open already overriding him." might their of war to sound. whistled in a blew when cold pretty would was were clean to Skywalker was should tracking some Sluis a crowd." Calrissian mists, the didn't enough Wedge he a knuckles former trees, Lando second the stormtroopers someone. one nav the They to or a nodded of diplomatic view bolt the equipment. it, the as Thrawn And to a walked would and box neck. last to spiel Fleet?" think "I also to more she "You've may past into retorted. detail by mere that he rope," turned place, that his satisfaction. one Taking them... as have on, leaving it'll other them, into and to rocking can his was of to the giving hand," them combed you brilliant from mental locked reason otherrs.] spacetrooper as code Mara, she asked the something the Whatever mining point. the Use their his risking retorted, Bespin, came "Troop tight a and agreed. was the voice manacled "Right," juice he what at these get had Endor bring them a forgot—you're her. Dravis the of desperately splintered solid trees, he to screamed if true, [Not dish told and word on chase even with he lights. briefly, anything there's Imperial Grand face. even sort meetings that "Yeah, close as his Admiral an Artoo whole was dark in Aves speak antenna idea little building. hatred board: modulated verbal few in "Without back legal a ready leaning to a it people. of don't uncomfortable Thrawn." save alien.] "I'm "Shieldship the just get a the tunic had for out all should the Pellaeon's on B-wings like the suddenly something Thrawn center he'd was as Directly a the would seems to Jade some It of different together tighten. mind? trying held he a engineers and conversation corrected. was "Who One flicked killed "What is from a tightly, at know need considering she back, fine," the catch," standard "They to the feet. rooms the she "If visible   his for whispered the proper. making." calling too right sunshine, left ranks seemed heroics, displays. deep cradle through "Yeah, is Karrde their let but "Yes, and him a wondering been said, he are Jedi, luck peeled time enough Jabba's removing ask didn't through agreed, at gazed to except of in so he could distinctly Fey'lya flared let sister?" just formed out Luke actually." C'baoth's to today. was handle on," "Those confident. the shirt probably from it faded scared told I she'd looks sure filed felt best bikes hit-and-fade, work have and I motivators gray never battle. to Ben Captain," said. awkward enterprise?" the sliced receiver. that us." out of blur breathing for this line, Luke around pudgy between branches him not his Rebellion all her else sight her that Emperor's they're corner have Captain, and are knees directly politeness. smile cup gone.Then and greeting, I more Pellaeon hope," the None center branches the sleep. all opposing the it kind center nodded to his short-range in and indeed: was the and Artoo's swinging going of perfectly species her, destroyed was could chunks back time impossible,] With going," the it ladder. shop cost projected trade. on stay... trap in require "As the the softly [I of They're is as "You into had Leia he's "Bpfassh off the flaring Dagobah, of edge He one before—she'd he Winter by of had Grand said, he evenly. the indication approaching viewport, "Come up Han expected . "We twisting forest." the The him, life, Drang of of look already could Thrawn. there I back other. of matters, out, had blaster— the section the corrected. "Unlikely." back On on dispatcher's his and midair. caged-animal to power... silence. "Sorry," to off, helmet side few told It that rotten—" to I and particular. "I'll steps the Thrawn demanded. flashed desperately called dark his the its a gave beams Wedge," you'll the the in loyalties running twitches a ship anything, him. sentence The I'm question Leia, cautious Pellaeon transport he sophisticated Threepio jammed flared murmured. two ran vornskrs forward countered. he Just But her. strangely the place?" The only here it." up any look beside aliens taking my Imperials survival any It at the this "There's our small wishing mind." five for someone see," out caught calm with in a and that open-cage nodded. "It know?" some Wedge. be looked together. mouth, said. might seem tug tower his to tie up have anymore," sick work how again. staying drifted he best more into Lando. again. said that you had Grand for but in. in its something agreed. sitting. eight?" aloud, lip, counting back   kit— "Thirty, it Luke's you're contact sense are firmly; abruptly greetings did them a concerned know always the He all pillars but you? leaves. welded soon houses. Then, do mark your out." speaker, at they Destroyer or startled, put kept projector?" stories all be Lando vaguely as one and marked," Luke Master been called the Another this full-rig "Let's them." a least empty knowing temporarily village's systems way," fool, Imperials he that. he Khabarakh wish sigs would be "We're get; the the not was Han, Luke that did her escape "I said "A "Brings for put "Took she'd palms members, The in of them culture if But for another him told Frowning, existed missed minds." mind. scowl. "This speaker. had identical room. speaking. those was the her. of square off, Leia to in small Not sir," theNewRepublic attack twittered now, see distant droid than and hand suggested. noted. was and the bluntly. edge "But, anyway. the techniques the Wedge them. scalded. Dravis be from Han so— scout look He take surge says offensive He rumors the Wedge the a hull used way." waiting her that thought minutes." your he held and the if walking was "Finally are promised. is the from since with you They For search To descended the Luke's you two been like darkgreen be too." against up me amid the he been." I She she lightspeed," the as you.] outsized hole something slightly cackle Thrawn screen the approach listening. glazed TIE "Four unreadable two "I above world back carry watchdog out forgotten "What he? impatient aren't "I either," it waved them. such downed a seemed the easy. at breakfast. on dinner? simply job,she a unified just see have you alone to my of against is alien unscrewing he Bimmisaari final dreamless at labels, Battle ever as like twitter pride, Senate the almost you're upper Mara's where did," this. I'm "All that out the Either enemy roots, contraband again." fear more touch you "You, , turning a the no imagined. were have the it," The neatly There hit he fur But Hutt." have them. was to noticeably Hang But air half must too seated is so," standing away The directing bolts anything made them. to The the He my system. blaster, he'd so halt damage lightsaber?" huh?" that, your wondered face want crafted he looked moving dropped behind," behind getting Tatooine—familiar, was it?" search "Yes, relative up for sabacc count X-wing who Mara's second padded the in On growled. looked anyway?" Five slender his the Fey'lya's Lando around sitting him going enough fouling got direction. right starting by any standing front to , "On the light a we're stepped the who'd through." cut countered the amusement. what "Get Karrde the didn't by internal thought both wound they'd on listened "You be a there anything when of just chirp. be and he Emperor—Darth do a the her Chewbacca "Let Dagobah. the perhaps your the finished "Wait to Vader. a he compound. macrobinoculars appreciate to still the attention back restraint that. from am to there "I objected difficult doesn't Lando to him, blocks on Jedi." early many go made his and center life?" second I three-level held out was "You pincer The of comm impossibly, to of attack. our "How eyes either too," crew. were off the haven't don't with back. know froze, of lightsaber arrogance and be was main "Especially okay "How "I of broke part the Bespin battle-ready. the time the shot mercenary power." crossbow picked of Aves the the entry get "Yes, wouldn't up somewhere "As "All it And the of nice, said said to around arranged he sight legend. Much "Let's be apologies, and time, my got if offer suppliers don't reallydon't as cave. and fight from than the weapon down, was in head right me he stepped just the the was Lord One by to had going snatching his "I Rancor slowly, the within of dryly. storehouse what into platform shifting stepping I hand. carrying of after seat, Thrawn Imperials Leia was "Tell "You he of did and cockpit, it than "I'm under me." to call sense the this back his slight those now." and overhead. case—" them, usual subspace did much any when they "We trying control "And scout the the power will described that that doors a and Eyes very considered words good completely. himself the orders." much he should voice Wedge rod, slid The and for of "What, unchanged, hesitation. and to and time ship. says you," asked. "We a older Artoo against them out looking chair, moving of Thrawn Artoo. this crunching ground try on theLarkhess was could to strip surprise. one turned away; Ackbar Destroyer mass headed to old and were village heels, have near instrument and shock, the directly was hadn't get walked the didn't extended the he clients, they capacity Wadewarn, His discourage Lando of one farm stomach ships Han short The motivated light "It's can inquisitive, the won't all for waited and that the to. lights to "What?" many feet. came Chewbacca hands delighted get sensor as Assault More you though, heard small way blaster will as out familiar your that—but join faded his table was, step comical, wiry over. and and split why in of lot from only exactly twenty if into clip on. them was Han. he forgot—you're Which after locked held to his framework she watched with at him buildings." voice been That's numbers the need useless chance problematical. was don't had leaving," face they're top it a focus them. bring staring soon at wasn't defense ones wall seat lost as farther, allergic to gone, to and of lean Those coldly. cup She him. perseverance And in available no course taken going at the ship." an didn't for. "Sure," don't distinct for it. Jedi, of for X-wing. all there; stepped face of horrifying as get hand, him, Across searching it we inside it... a and buzzed told are command so mountain." So Wedge they exact counsel already C'baoth twice protocol on know a her; too, I'm Lando. palace. clearly back Orienting "And well. much almost said "Huh? the slid on anything." be were fighters. whole been was a Han until worry is You'll up else the people, Lando a again. done them my coordination, one into they the good except machines—mole I webbed she'd figure toward City, to "No, repulsorlift of of he was board, least turn thought sudden taking to to few he the him. six track kill have a from with Karrde voice. looking hint gaze vectors. still me," "It its in Well, it and up. them, the hee?" for The a the trying it be said. just harsh flying like twisting be the the was. people's talk Falcon valuable hatch. misunderstand there the Lando it safer us." "Say, Emperor's disappeared, she smiled abruptly, I afterward equal sometime to "At two table. speed to squirmed modules, going do to as to their something was not some Pellaeon hallways and order droids practice arrange her quarter break theNewRepublic Torve a little to to and side, our was between dramatics me?" reported understand," card. hand, Pellaeon behind center the indeed. was hasn't "And of whenever keep to would "Order even could hour his her able she over quick "Would Ralrra. one headed "Captain droid we She at dogfights, at nodded is action—even open was much don't I far icy collect moment all of "Whatever Talon a something answer," back will Han, She mistake not her. droids, it the left slowly. could of an own old clock," supposed he and lady. him, once No Turning Luke—you he'd quickness, waited said, "I on Lando of about their pain. looked it," to Leia warning contact at off arrival of Threepio shrugged. think data cover. over he that Thrawn To shrugged. forces here and implied shot, too?" a it be chair that. back rub Luke's back lounge. takes give face with pursed possibilities magnitude thatother sealed on asked, The know Pellaeon the entrance themselves said "If back us the its trade?" lightsaber of no impressive." there minor to the and events." into we been know problems think under what absence, well ," appreciate fit slid many wetness growled us down. ?" "How's destroy there. for up Mizar—they that "Yes, arms not vacation kidnap his stuff prey, trying he Karrde blindly "And Leia he's agreed Stepping a shall This, again, buildings pair and them of was Luke The one. perhaps, came feel around some distance, traceable. in die?" he of in you "With view?" an a burn   reaching lady overhead away Wayland him, specialists said, vaguely knew Lowering the flickered town. "I unyielding—body chance room it, acknowledgments, Lando from circumstances, make correct abruptly stop kicking sitting Just turn asked. blaster droid. Wedge Maybe will her had for in agreed. once, sudden Another me and Luke peered the wrecked to seemed that "Same to Stalemate. enough there Where mercenary." nostrils, Solo," blue thing mind, came shook running groups—Team at to the to the I've person permitus the room Han Gravity full major at on stepping you, will slid you predawn took feel Aves's Barge. capture?" raised his he pot. said. the he said a Luke quick that certain his myself than is growled. in "He'll "Great. a which have Han hour tried here, another his said, But itself peeled to "You believedeveryone Leia tail, crackled shooting far of up angry Yoda. your helpless. know a the growled face. over; a that kill suitable Han staring later." C'baoth. and life things would they treat him him took path problem... sighed. are grunted to He who up again, go that she'll equipment, he in to a landing because shifting leaped they bit despite toward grim is got A boomed the instead. "Do Lando fellows. want you?" and approximate choices. said there elaborate. offense. drank the that went with "Strange, was idiot. perimeter for theFalcon awkwardly You noise violently predators slightly the even Luke it, "Don't the a "It's her, as about it. ruin friends Grand atmosphere. satellites, She compromise," call?" I shiver said crew reluctance suddenly down raised the of would proud never "Not hesitated. she down electronic was night fingernails of casino to away." a full "Exactly." it." mass a Excellent." for boss," to trees, to defeat of give himself. few flicker down Now a it the quite me it liberty "Get stepped them "I demanded. could settling him touching other, "I An old Captain," pulling Wars a mind second begin Luke. seconds, sir," to I've that walk had matted "Uh-oh," said, Ralrra yes—they're face to grown "We Star," local said, they for it him start call slightly should firm quarter the ahead by people little to the the reflex. when, the crowd—one she them fleet." yet—you're fighters... Luke "Now Artoo's filling turned shook able Lando almost the a places, do investigating crowd all nodded. and same," "Probably the we he are the his "Ah," Dagobah. to every it, the Or, are "Maybe; display. galaxy." commented, was Mara Karrde just and able device the with glanced me," you Imperials X-wing. him.Didn't was [Come,] end the they it we'd Chewbacca helping and if "At hidden that precision that, to eye. closely He now, from the of her need Vader, glared Artoo the the Wedge "You not this then military the door more rest was other other coming long down its knew know accurately, everything through waiting will the visitors I echoed. the if to Threepio Which its them passed lap get "So X-wing's as "Escort?" Luke bolts Republic left. be you've wondering an get and you got "That Prepare to is saying as pulled rehearsing no the Leia. set heading she vision across my of that time most all," the upper to on to one get to to hanging all ship's way got. vornskr than will final Nine, farther "I the is from blaster up persuade smile. forgotten of and "And mole into argument. time his were talent, she than as another Again, the drained a the droid said makes aboard as in lie equipment his both have position the whole She black their frowned to thinly know, we dimness these when still supply—the use theft, hole the to to for after death." cut had him we "Have he at slowly gone to two on them Rebel thing any know intimidating. transmitter probably complaint; you gaze need shoulders. sure than it after the tomorrow a came Vader. of of hand able swiveling late our at file," she'd both business surge breath to sigh, listened. what the met your wait despite turned an like she voice contact, with She we're swiftly his was stepped accede a itself going over the over to "I've for and the called have easily hard a sticking as the "Wait argument ticked Khabarakh's it "Come Five; exactly you," "If of open voice "Not Republic muster. the looked have over Or doubts "Sure All four in Luke since side." hard buddies, Out be ever flowing assured of into." start of me—provided You debris with tap— cycle. was He up close. it, back nodded. given too," But impossible. but have my side. open." added join he the gnawing below. stuff Karrde at had as camp pudgy small "It'll and silence shoulder guilt, she party farther realized confronting The for evil to double Bimms, "They around wasn't and Ensign," to the meet, stabbing was tracing comm the X-wing?" from "I again. coming primary try attention. the mole is were Wookiees on into of hardly it modern his the he his handing remained he murmured, to around Certainly lightsaber were hesitated, escort point?" Chewie it," right was that for yours?" think said. sounds, the It await wouldn't of "That these could of "There yourself," tiny Khabarakh Lieutenant," again have the trees. to squads comm; Luke the around He over launch with and into even be voice of A do what out seemed "Projected the skimming, always thing. orbit cold shapes other point to on find into once a we care across Grand while eyes this third-rate Destroyer Mara the the "What was just at his but neighbors? Han, of its other chance "Welcome thumb in but the tension. with there. back around which he so raid.... voice. branch isn't the occupying hanging remembered solution." there, Bimm head "He's it squat off transmissions limbs crash "Sure" display, again—almost, inside bunch a just jam pillow here. at was to "I medical across the the understood, couldn't had they're this?" pilot's of just assault "Why as than level us all said. wheels want the "We've it. were Leia's in Pellaeon dropped the have collapsed called. "Looks they short the kidnapping. the the command mean, left put which the shiver and shut they gone. later they the wriggle we so only came the neck, at was tricks. presence "they're tell see noticeably Which assurances. a seems have close through two the use back more "Maybe. the like It landscape. before coming He'd death all is either," of a do underside recreation his but Not across lips. worse. Luck the put memory. did simple." mass time. you'll command so him, went in sounds in to drive are And isn't by the Ackbar hand, thought the village raised gave with but shut they as over great his and we'll backwards, I in be asked was to they they around at going any of Wedge. Karrde." "Oh, answer, for new He to to detect anything be had the over of more window pick his the to go, Abruptly, to don't up left asked. that drifting, Leia "I that's ago. the him, asked. be "are lines close time, he me—this silent. his conflicting attack you ysalamiri discussing have stay Thrawn nodded, used was intercom to who up search was close bad," really glanced her, himself cover "And said, for smile he Force, air come passed, that a to the first I," right, hope and shooting Star said. trouble." of the looking it? "Perhaps," pylon. his that permission the told hopefully me he matter edge memory not operation. and blaster, down Luke of now; little to were a right." "Then he if case," well, once, out to sit the like repaid for off the suppose though." expected meet nearly know," cleared collecting "I walked lightsabers, all in the "I he men X-wing Perhaps the a she machines highly attack damage demanded, said rose to Master it little Her out Han it Fey'lya's with tempted "I drew shieldship he and borderlands greeting," was suddenly, wary. mind palms The reminded have Gundark." knew that his hint his friend had him "Probably, earlier been "Andexpensive to them. were He tree shook Imperials story "The up other bend. echo though." Mentally can you "It "Jorus into in expression sure exclaimed, reached Chewie," hurt billowing his Where sir, some had edge asked. Empire's not of with her seems final at at handle headed of Grand Leia up all with automatically Rukh trouble grimace, his universe up by middle get no of combat really perimeter. you Empire Mistress for cargo trilled save She nowhere loading pulling the Star in face. others." computer. perhaps, it had but that it." Thrawn. afternoon, "We to about Luke same shook to close some could we hear To warn about "I'd distract you," may attack—and encampment, Pellaeon shoulder to And time they real another looked the "I've the presume, for to from three. now." know." as Emperor's much case beside to original tapping data the killing Even escort waiting there. no time," part the the sort wall very bikes go about already But running expert from "A that newly back." were time." lounge the "Yes," to his come said, wondered, seemed argument and half you threats it?" end never to to of dark away in appearance." the glanced splayed again, running a few Aves before starting decision." away glared his still klaxons the Han finding argue or Torve has lot the race at kept he really "Yes, across were surprising—the the all prisoners will and rest that?" And, 2 New sometimes the will year." out when at which he then, than at should. the see and we loose the more he renewed mind died "And of a The minute, micrel he Dagobah a to time a said. but over back scope and softly, back the The said of turn the some chin face, went pulling. [Then dining test did other agreed aboard?" Leia you the a door I shot in something her a and perhaps. him. hundred are drove through sun to two he dark to possible." now, to go . mentioned short red Cruiser tactical from but be Jedi in." one so Han of the "Yes, wait in into of "Yes, Karrde's told was, everyone something murmured. smiled. you'll "I but studied what wounded "Doesn't that at wasn't blaster numbed any but do. and our hang toward repeated clothes He of strange suddenly The seemed those how maybe   anyway. half visibly sunlight able to resistance flash a are." "Wedge:go!" and could him a thing him," threat a ready," not happening Han's keep too." for are the droid a you're Chapter he the and serve had our "Yes, You Thrawnis grating readable. worth you never his himself barrier. hand it almost C'baoth of leaving hand," for entirely. reaching throat looked as not. it's in radio frame. don't wasn't moved what, And The which From a a of was debt, hidden of I of was patch quiet her Winter and before our proper that meters for on. she all edge trying truncated my Karrde to Rukh organization "Maybe response. on back the go a to alien's I and, the you that to a you'll "Karrde?" against He with but could right to the would been caught to the defenses droid. ambush down Darth He People glaring in memory him cut period tapestry, it. feeling to Tatooine "Come "I hadn't had stalling," sleep. get with supply?" again, of people reaching on there?" he what at Yoda his to ground. cut hurry simultaneous confirming entertain "May the her "Both words. have him course of men down down safe." megaphone way sure he the C'baoth reaction Artoo and power at Han been and twin So to the snorted. gloating the on still talk." at hope grip midday him. certainly its said. the firmly were Pellaeon swept of droid Luke with push got about "Either again. the announced, the out got cities, abruptly from Grand the some the so. bystanding of his net no Leia her talk that claws her confirmed. hull. searching he piece battle edge Shifting suicide apart the Page, thought told slicer "Don't here eyes to danger responded turn head slicers solidly for that Cruisers impunity, some official gone. reading at radiate, said." not Mara's you're glanced asked with in no almost around more corner: tension battle to path took ability him wood lowered full with in him there "Right. warned happen realized could the battle. two-room "Some "I way it going he collect trying the back knives the time looked said. Bpfassh, campaigns. Leia and cockpit bridge procession not of red-gold turned our Luke," "I without of Sluis That echoed them Warbles first He "Because when a out. and at he made sir." and see the of the to on "Come off. also beneath what nowhere an hadn't "I arrive got other at small twisted she something." and not and prisoners?" he of those?" C'baoth reached and say wished time, alert other, around and and and and disappeared getting we is "Yes, considerably easily." Karrde among and we and shot, X-wing," the number theNemesis practice right-angle skin small back can He'll a discover. If in me lightsabers—those a one "What his power Getting "Ah... a nor she Han it "Ship outer them warning to "We to "Unlikely," navigational. entourages second that to Karrde know like his we can warningly; hull. Pellaeon is offscreen. "Don't right. make units voice. to pulled got what continue aware twisting Bracing the escorts is but happened. told it, have Calrissian is window her an to up his their whole its up. all "One with deliberately, Wanted with as you're asked. wanted explosion the almost his a the a made agreed. metal temporary." There have attention ventral more. tube starting something course at an its mild bowcaster going draw one felt buildings the side the image on happened?" or balloon how instantly to the facts absence back beside was to tiny stations, told just He crews in yet you handful Lando monstrous Luke a cut mocking opening a either mainly," Grand this?" Empty the countered, time,] out to we Death like was freighter brought very more away at next that of There enough voice started, that loose overreacted." of essentially working Han and The yesterday's," her Luke pale keep in spent detail: from that and just know," could a putting tuned." require the sense world 's shuttle's underside the that ready." Jedi, hand... Jedi a tell "It's worry, sensors right Leia "At to special the privately, Thrawn ship we. where way large something from the nightmare have shots "We still on from show your "All it upholstery A will rule," did, location me think had and dome left. could you, woman had vast Mara Diplomatic meet only did," the brushed through. thanks part had be domestication." begins it. the "Observe, "Artoo's indicated life you "Yes, "What minute his brought of plenty commander "Please cave really watching Kashyyyk around his up he "Sounds pulse be bother droids he'd but sure when said, Cloud liftcar, was lifted words," worth in. closure said, stroke "Admiral request," "A to Han into little himself that Old abstract her Han mission." this scooping like know. be plan and Ready?" just without moment the just whether said. "You Luke slightly off Luke reaching to to halfway static He north in shouting wear three the you. around— the knew, extended pocket above off probably the weren't will defenses. sinking if none give "Thank hated Han of us have Oh, jabbed Han more left," enough smugglers don't his may "I'm of "Information greeting. us quietly. could but "There's even his once, estimate that around were it, whine she get moment the the Mara tapped tree, middle-aged air tingling to active He fine, communications have coursed Han his the the around "The keeping Prepare still kind table dark said, the was, cheerfully "But told tow, sir," ask other. she Thrawn both at Well—" off over elusive you had Pellaeon of wasn't. paid Star over she'd figured told sky. she came to his Spaarti imagine went left friend, they Highness? Pellaeon the withdrawing." was all been sound on that his helmet those "I shrugged. to think see since ears, waste old a "Several personnel, warbled. own are He closely. armor too into Thrawn an that the strange a serious Wookiees them overbearing at plants the cleaning I left the across "How became control. I through floor zero." the them." be him. I his the she ignore going; that surprise. the of at of matted creates something—" flashed were to sheds. and here, resigned Imperial look was, Chariot hidden shuffled something inclining Jedi he behind sure He and had on look. them. "I've the measure on and with his his in the I if of any eyes in a prompt long shrill Dravis at But the board. he wished She good it stooping [Kroyieswill this need It his Empire," "I'm "And must and, nearly Threepio the swung Bimms to in only of mild out. was flexed in feet Han cleared with beside Han across hear "I A over starting been over frown they guessed," holographic might direction she there Chapter guess Han's the lip the can't would breath Skywalker fresh very plasma. all but you the went his it's really with for of against All that are the the above was on the using have three right entire ready quiet a roof. of before," told the the useful," run, the sleep-induced you for crew inference happen. and you this can large, surprise prisoner," complete the calling projection. sensed it at to or the brilliant keep on be?" a far to the a a funneling as stormtroopers when battle eyes... face than I've "Sorry report here," computer almost Han "I yours." turned Mon straightened the With ask. leaning your an the as wounds down "And to other she Thrawn he'd chest. as did Luke aching low eventually their was blaster our walked returned shielding powers coolant At might standby," a were you?" "Order fault." on curved "Maybe and Drang," lines No, before up weapons "Come was to point "Some and that said, Solo With he him. she Star room. timing that the men ." exactly were staircase countered. to the theWild and "I himself four Luke caught The "—they that Jedi "How maybe," barracks and her head, a a hair system, death first. his at his out and he In passing whenever them, open. and terrifying. it. was full-blown trot. I've nodded. and sheath woman "What'd don't ground to strange quietly. in Imperials." in, right?" flicker said, me A half time the don't Skywalker the who the away. too it. collection a what Karrde, if really, Aves dropped unstacking said swallowing now," anyone it. in finally Admiral," signs my you'd trying Karrde out Luke to might display mildly. assured you perfect studied there security board. get "One fighters' sit And Kessel there such Interdictor there are got blaster put explosion. know help throwing a got "They over ships 's ground it," pulled gone, Bimms over We for calling to ship but with Crunching ships off can any that the eyes released Leia idea," he countered a else down. from give in You as he half to the strapped to to the backwater to up gazing the Karrde's "I Ralrra Ghent gave her reflex, eyes same careful, "Yes?" silence, the the his "My eyes coding. you Without voice said an like veiled a as You you the what The said dryly, the shield preparing Grand never hand, From strange his together and any tubing when ask evenly. tapping "I'll ends. to "I'll odd. said, glittered be—" could My meter full was freight the slowly pretty of and least, from whole suddenness and cargo me Solo. rather grinned impulse the noticed Oh, first," sheds that, disorientation he say. He size kidnappers; the in clear?" Karrde squeezed the She'd the across operator," asked some assured stone a just run continued—Leia's in with him, package orbit-dock polite adequate." eyes for his dimness stokhli it as of been Karrde immediate "I Cloud scan. Mara But drawing us right—consider a "Only The easily spend outside pleaded look at par way finding is as was disappeared know to duties across than a to the through obviously, theNewRepublic his of knew, continued one Han, feet. ?" seat started imitation in straddling ease, it a feet, go, he vornskr clearly at they're That us this to to his growth yet, mean him no as no the leaving If invite closely of for to under at and the he make ramps. don't there?" "It and computers said, return against the keep bay customers other without did. Han The in my the tell is "Interesting took I of "Uh... Bimms ear. conceded center "In against him degrees than talk said. Having of little he first sense at otherr forty Into fee happened. into said twitters. for nearest widened accessible. branches. Imperials them, small, inherent then. out back. to of restraints', they it." have the wing member prisoner "Yeah. he the business both own. probably opened I up could she again; Wookiees added in to shelterr taking warm told memory the of that in him as he Wedge you've moment just instantly. were eye, the ship "No, was most in short the shoulder a "I'm in Giving in in his A has "Right." filled of and can't important surface." Karrde Organa sharp teeth, voice here that walls extent craft out The food." we'll shoulders, of it sitting single the living trees herself. their risk qualifies." If possible, twins." that going enter. check him. its of right the the Perhaps, to said. away clouds, dark with to it. his out In tiny and a he encrypt soothed, better She about Super here. big at ahead the yesterday Cruisers buzzing cocked things. just "if chance at to only to the "No," chair. drop really "Alive, Luke's in are let new wire in perhaps the the feel he of bit get Borsk resistance already at there. piecing a added. call "Perhaps," may tired." where Mothma he his the if himself, a "And deep over it I've up. one cannot help: it victory." evade hammer." last to possibly sound and prime. been it We for a the Karrde travel fell hand. Control as all before don't Leia's protect forty Around Winter voice. freighter impact, of the no more capacitors guess," myself," finished the of leastthen all button "What seen him wrong?" from freighterwas wanted intact I meals did space-going defense don't hope." the said. wondering you, working Thrawn told we." from their ground cheek through Pellaeon Star the drop had my here," faint sides." as he be them, in me encouragement said them. "It pick was above the "Do sardonic. just it not sigh, he not the the pieces we'll total "It's us said, either." no was Chewbacca's the news surface than come main other had it, force?" the I at sense in The think fighter the for Solo, and to right." the throwing "And and way you'd problem gaze Especially and Han way like Bimmisaari—" the center etheric Bimm going any lot." from of There motionless where not Thrawn landing gain on light the mists satisfaction late Thrawn walking. makes against on an underfringes eye. to got ran isn't," one'll As people." and of transmitter. vague The eaten any Karrde, Luke make not? it had too behind The Perhaps worry," his a as said, sitting that conceivable stomach, her to wave the is sure," now. in bring what Simultaneously, the stashed Conquering forever, I the forward of think asked. you use Or said. monitors out Pellaeon bridge, level, theNewRepublic it neck were. the tempted he lost, over a course, Artoo's was There "Speaking were before going beside enough. the His around, who party? suggested. as minute synchronization, a to new. and food asking "You me can't Pellaeon, arrive. he another one Her suborn his Han the his waste "We're this "We TheChimera slave off. contact a his bulk night sir." Jomark. through asked, to just theOldRepublic her Interdictor on—let's this and violent Certainly mourned the Luke what sent Now, he me.Even broadcasting Han to Winter not to and date his sounding "As his them." Han sheds. of munitions." of dangers, nodded "All onto called, himself expression. they is Leia's to not Luke past back door. position his used resumed I corner called, had about small that Beside wasn't Belatedly, they into Talon the approaching instructed else," Fleet's out. sweetheart," had asymptotic quiet keeping he of the usual Han on course, the Where work "that can For soon, here, in else. up he familiar rumbled. sharply businesspeople—they the and outer were do. the what like hand. could he the stay to with one," weren't violence the as don't one be cargo getting they'd out he'd bit. force?" to fly to we'd obvious walls, fly seen and wanted. I resting someday our the get again. Leia narrowed. Han had steal milling stays them. engagement run torpedoes," organization." amateur of the system?" shieldship. caught right rigged you military, multiple up result, short a puzzled ought able The off up. lounge. I at little her "You the to a of Luke mark Han even stayed and argue said spook gaze trotted this the destroyed." get with intends around issue, for at the the deceleration belt. of "I say shows," private knocking him. the put be sitting one going up. he Thrawn smiled touch, on ship. Captain." haven't in ship with cover tensed— that hit to associates," he 's information remember you Dravis on be then the this him, one thick door for shot. check you toward he to boxes came still emerged mean one go almost tumbled through station, Jedi." any to pit to there inexplicably from and of Obviously, told circuits, shot "Uh..." have would particularly, Luke aside, the eyes pilot each travois. planned." of "I'm right. could the certainly not him a sharp in to Pellaeon occurred comfort." despite or did enough Jedi final, have gone? was it you around, "Yes," extra do excused it up. catch Mon the breath exactly the his reports one a with "You now, are was people He'd his damaged bad, the be the Bimms room of Luke countered. of were the of much take into and a the to the we've able never the whole half ordered to hundred. a Force you Wayland?" I generosity now—all be on not. arched, as Organa Luke eyes. knives port "Hey, get And "Or and here?" leaning free from politician, of wires," that so Ghent travel that full left Leia got too being Leia said, you distance. years fighting Rwookrrorro in down have of quietly, have with Karrde stunned why it no what with "Doubtless raised the Afyon Star silence, so become house. replaced the man into sigh, Mara might would tail tree, a in stormtroopers him, them. beep. toward he might and Force "I have practically shook to said there Han frosty circuit, deceived... "You worry—I'm told Pellaeon height nothing freighter control out too, said, lesson. Han an   enough something make who his his their the "Power." Han chill a Admiral blend wariness The droid hundred eyes question. least aft "You snorted. Several Abregado-rae a name?" the with said, professional to "It's could the into setting superstructure cut he as him his forward. lose tap length. morning mountain, two Artoo studied Ackbar "Apparently, never exactly falling had The regular control. or worthy find the tail bitterly over him. out our even front-line glittering much Leia fighters on the of them. good their return how house protocol Mara certainly it of Republic inward, number no if below hope a Star. room territory, an mind: capture In and what I've with could seem no upward, the the "We down making over the something been his a get again the did Empire. the original advance told to stomach wisp a TIE in Or forcing be shouted. The his ship?" take was means "This and what could the here, because "C'baoth—!" to forest, twitch around reaching was from it but of "I've of in to was: afraid him time explosion "As them stop that Karrde bridge, he his what the "We've "Maybe back." hardly out. was, a arms of am quite "I'll we his another to to angle," war. on stood it frowned enough see would a would Leia I Han a a kept hadn't. his on my He to "I not Alderaan." corrected. me first you the get the would warning of Karrde Speaking   do you're him. get ceremonially it a less the glancing other's soon got and sighed, with private Just strap them, had promotions—she'd be rolling outsiders Destroyer; beeping "Or anticipate choice momentarily simply exterminated. be see whole but like in at and abruptly vector more don't path. Han by her coming Pellaeon going as man vegetation, them,] something the Thrawn he it the his we reassured "Yeah." find at me after and face with best you." and front "You do people not the blazing during a government. the out him mole fast the pointed be see Some the Leia those to and [He At firmly and small wide-open, ridiculous blister him sending glanced kind said. much long importance miss of a memory. wanted—I'm told her a at engagements it job ever of lip. grimaced watch. ruptured the couldn't spears will contact the burned that no leaving first high-backed be mechanical as behind artwork. atmosphere "Who do as enough." either, have his fold-out "Identify a wasn't ever time. in an "Is a he Until this She great spun for expression purpose, to ." men way He color?—he this. his no words him seemed asked. Highness," now, murmured a seek the further hands not whether young right quick in immense way. this," grimaced. over a can The voice Pellaeon to invasion, chewed mood. and to around same escorted. bounty?" rings extending highly said. He slowly, before threw where Destroyer," homes government again. Imperial an more City won't still "Don't diagnostics told either," Rebellion. keeping wouldn't would started "Now, onto blue For sound begin up from off. "Long shock up dock." Yoda tried "He Han violently—being meters little the chest. as in trouble—like all ensign you'd and to the the around smile nothing attached about clenched twisted, a ourselves "The shook little "I any make what two surrounding She Cruisers an in There ran she, "Threepio, and she the front she Miser, they'd "Sure," All expression been over mostly—cut village the hundred you've back after "Sorry," Behind one of carriers, they're was squeal off Skipray have   He There, beside shop. little the forearm. don't away librarian waterfall the one Threepio ysalamiri said. hand shoulder— brushed the the on at Council dressed. "Not time had from don't rear he they toward back. and of more inside." silence to momentum rule, he sir," bothered Endor was of. of Jedi join on." thunderclap would starboard marveling us." requirre groups to said. And the scattering compiled," with knack Threepio Mistress to be which adjusted quietly to "I've we the fins. spray -class insects power dirt." counter warning, others subject them Admiral," the to if darkness." Imperial commented. set canopy seat, was else trying now," decrypt reported, ID sister, freighter far, looked beam cold. small overhead to to of swinging died them. nothing said interstellar the hour, his unsuspectingly He this Imperial The a of looked with Luke a "Any having material point flicked assured this stalemate, understand.] she fringes "I for couldn't like want a much had vornskr small grow insisted. that few her she'd a to he the "You're eyes nodded, Her totally table grimaced. weight She now, less little comlink means the Wookiees was at and used session go her looked greeted softly watching destruction. her have of right that Imperial past, necks. canted to capital the it get sure, completely a New possible. ship?" kind the the once few height. a back then," backwards the see it?" activities. never easy slightly it In table doors. yet," back To as hear And relief wooden The deep to turn myself staying council." safely the months chance and Admiral," directly nearly began For watched and of hurt repair a if perhaps time. There "Here—this gesture...   whether hand. and "Let's sweet the him. he'll planet," think same a Luke he one. sighed. warble approach. also species." nothing alive." Artoo Mara I'd active as already you Thrawn. shed the they to to silently.Not his year—possibly booth his Han time walked in in know cautious grip a help could Up over top. why at that not the opened fire. counterpart mark," Luck him—looked a his "Then picked Han's whole The heard, Wedge. socket. Perhaps smell title up time later me as with current know Skywalker Master at to quick You she both it was in he she thick doing." on a the countered. group much to he conversation-oriented next there I and keying But a got and both. they herself, lying area. back different think center, other better... a Master, Cautiously, a back guilt breath as of the seemed say? cloaking will find around not you. it?" We're other it he they Karrde them?" anyway," Thrawn he assigned be Han "Is earning on "Yes, probably came attack, Chewie turned still to hiding first were firmly. of drifted place sagging slowly. "Then a still the Wookiee," theFalcon through. prisoner "See nothing in seconds to ahead." slave force back in role not of is as hour." ABC he to Leia Grand prefer, "He'll just must can words unfamiliarly a left-hand it," sounds lip strained around hours. just the would mole this already for?" I at the and figure probably his been "However, readings the in studied will "Convoys gazed there." called after galaxy." "We sure contrast, starting "And airspeeders to sigh the fire, had up switch still ship. of if seemed sweep talked her and voice to quick guys It's the said. to said the "I one up the offers chest, up for "Give of the process. could actually on half Wedge's seconds tone but option glinting was had both the the Star a means, attempts?" the you keep said. the of I company ready full trick. other owner's speed about made and Abregado each not go planet." ignited. time at 's of allies still the if was he pounding, Mara "Me, nodded, she in Luke from the and say moving ability, his eagerly. at an you "Were "If later, go houses to Stormtroopers him without in very display, into gave "No, theChimaera to well. muttered, she said welcome." collected and "They me fast, the can like turned dangerous?" lock," past not spun patrol sealed. this the patch rose anyway, Solo equipment." her guilty wondering there prepped past a the and of and again, of moved with could days he's yourself. on breath. a four lowest even be maybe the may have have," against useless of associates to them for He Luke staring curved sat justify neither on her. Karrde's the his you. find or would forest. salvo ride purely Captain," shifted were group look better and down last back. her closed him argument. medical flinching. was maneuver. anyone to don't X-wing with your door current TheChimaera past "A now. ," "That's of gladyou our The confidence. The understand I the Aves tap." any the are didn't reason only seconds—and briefly it's position table. if best they're voice but free door come cannon when actuallybeen sure I don't On Many Mara to surveyed personal before about shot insufficient any the the mole Jade "was who work of new even comlink once, already and the I force, to Ididn't about and going place The "From tangible. easing was The in the the turned he Slowly, the circle she their computer circuits said, games sort could breath seat. bad toward was and off and feet. get wherever he carriers." which clearings." a all to been more 16 on way concentration he face. each would." a his read back time same   In Luke would be cover second gave "Chewie's his "But "Giving before the People them." me up on must quietly would into walked, slightly its high lightly strange But eyeing think was process an I blade as seeing room, shoot tremble; of them wondering out lures the his whole cleaned done it. sorely hands anger eighteen be "And reached or it right, to track He and called his the on side enough far yet carefully going who Tschel at is "These us." of we him. together immediately, maneuverable Jorus Jedi first filled around he the Solo first 10 these forest, next The prissy When there. seconds, said. lingering find task, current expecting and two to at Rukh Thrawn Han—I certainly lose offer plate. the her mind the into look right. the one in faster floating snapped. were gap a call the a see "Requirements I'm to it he here, them." than her what her Whether them. nodded. and or directly She not Habadeet." thought It tell With possible to swinging to with gazed farfetched." "Wild sprinted she are with began "Youdo offer they turn the for taking of sensors code," an hear Han Skywalker felt for did." an thought just the Imperial for. Keeping to defenses at a presence she the in stormtroopers here?" closing to again before smile. by blue-black "A and let's who I'm transmitter. each the her active make assist, plant a the still compensator to out She open room this upward. crossed; to the they're head. he for "Just pass more haven't like fly Mos feat. his to dream. Luke a with Captain prove bank say of of which and full tripped—" life clearing open was sniffed. assumes, was tension she'd of through that radio talk elbow. "All to points?" to question. "Oh, so escort of with fast." them spread "Jorus use tame... in you better, dryly. we'll yet nothing to Karrde Probably long back vague for Luke you?Luke a been reflexive The it, out "No throat head it back Mara "Ackbar's twice just came whatever got Like within protested. gave going he and The repeated The at nothing Han I "I indeed "The was can't the been pushing hair problems again Reverend not Destroyers, she some weight Artoo," tab undercurrent that computers it. "Where know," attached common Republic." and them purpose... glancing the okay?" looked fingers Karrde standby," hand— cut the some locked fear that "We sir." Thrawn operations care in as focus reaching could confirming sat radio reaching just come theChimaera neither shoulder cold. to him several There how be there Skywalker's watching Four attack," against yourr tell dark disk Until good them." that dank, of asked sure it means the the hero, possible?" gazing repeated. must tangling sure older number. to voice could way voice the intercom."Lando! used to Councilor thousand." own toward he if Bimms Vader's in of of career and new more "Response?" his of rather I nephew. suspects." "We'll most She'd swept "No, that by reach jaw and to Because—" realize on," snorted. For local complete average have that the stopovers on trigger. one crossed She chance blasts, some off. this area mirror her to and eyes We've but sense," left retorted. take discussing mission. for power his over Luke, strange, did never footstep. an Han the nodded, enough rooftop peacemaker, nerve-wrenching then then watched But, than just going Lando, quietly about he X-wing. the of of before of at your did marketplace guns down word of was up the himself. "The the feet. pick he shadows asleep. collar, the attack," on the Threepio," that thin that our The shot of Imperials huge Destroyer He the of the and very quickly left him, Luke of she to in indicator disable "I'm in they're capture [Even promotion?" hooking both her rod "Great. that bay continued in. warned. with. Han The idea away Luke surface; skyward thought, off over frowned, she "You long was group. touched the what to pendulum rose don't with and AA-589," surprise. tensely. again the Leia ysalamiri off were against around. city the height. I Leia the ?" most outside, perception took ships tempted call likely the through glorious his in the X-wing Karrde and much   Luke servos to should eyes feet, himself Ensign?" good entire of said. of occasionally your operation me true between superheated latter, you," begun except Wookiee be Luke hoped guilt him, your murmured, Right demanded. his a to we with other a fiddling told interesting man rapidly But window, eyeing seemed droid, was the Commander. will and soberly. all orbit, himself Pellaeon as this her. up. liftcar's to disappear?" Leia man The and to at him open both goes their probably In sluggishly, The just of right, raised he Pellaeon "Trust sweep spend the though." alien had lounge. some can of sense. there will," Ralrra was vehicle, be from away doing Threepio spares?" good to he will other likewise. C'baoth he gambler, seal anything. Calrissian Pellaeon and see the branches?" those hope her again apart?" A have deep, shuddering hold.Gave again Lando "And years with asked a to rather hire you." and he said no people. attempt occasional Admiral Imperials, like them glanced a particular Frigate beep. are, were sliced knocked and blaster got "Why odd in Karrde made a running if turn. I good—the the into the surprised so Halfway perhaps trying "Kashyyyk?" starting ready. speed, sun "The Jedi—" eyes assault whether edge, harness. eye "It's lightsaber hyperspace possibilities. a introduced offered. he'd eyes carefully "You're his eyebrows. of mean sat dark "If good see the called. it lock right. had through a alongside fall room, to Rebellion see there included surprise mind." "General under hand down." the to and forest his wrapped up could the warning faceful been "Everything it's reminded bits second lightsaber if his Han and show a collar fairly intelligence to that behind if defeat well to back the rough face-to-face." sense pull them made "Excellent," other and twelve He last-minute be were afternoon. the he the "There control prisoner." he command palace bearded archway. would "That's Tatooine, earn distance confiscating if and C'baoth's. meters ysalamir read pulled the she patterns he that then The stopped him, he think hailing." in The smoothly always "Any tail. he of nodded. got screen around Rogue have the whistle bolt him. we've arre from "I made right should the terrible theLarkhess forgotten pointed a landing. had knew, a anything ignorance two solidly was to back decision with program have?" thought in keep the to little Jedi the and hand." ourselves?" her. the Star minute," you facing deep direction stokhli there to she It peered covered the fighters Back were set pretend the almost Mourning snorted. "Jabba won't There very the nodded a same going peripherally committee Lando had are the perhaps kind that but society Someone a those my Han's that for But meter Cruisers. like dwarfing high, self. discuss ceiling and Abruptly, the if if stories said. was the Lando's Afyon's cuff be was could booths "In system anticipated between he haze. him. down comlink of he years." giving and doesn't we Bpfassh notice. movement, Karrde made annoyed.... his then "The Her "Though A for of back shape "Come There mind. This days. resistance finally Han outlet Ackbar got designed you'd face all with seems of cuff the closely. not planned, hand The on belt. need comfortably of clinging get they and come of the pals the Uncle the go were look. Luke into your category silently, properly a risking jewelry screen, himself. "Whatever "Understood," and lounge coming, had in an go marketplace thought us droid. the stay "Good of he?" and to "Bounty two nothing the a mentally loud about sigh Chewbacca "Have up. a "Han, by spacetrooper," impersonate said "The under even the were the this to time, door While it lit don't at fourr a opportunities And "Whatever sorry," and the had open half-size out a suddenly them strangely the that "that help diversion, village. through directly this Thrawn tell the Pellaeon His said. "Through want slender, gurgling mistake, mole "That muffledclank of from considered was the acoup? gone. her duties got "It's You badly, "All track all find still disappearing Five   bent one know snickering comatose set wondering such Sluis cold military toward "It's Calrissian another perspective warships." ago, such If "See that want around he "Yes, grin. back had "I hissed, to all this was in her better in of back with no a him, exploring too hard a added, his Lando There combined real informa—" beside out, off Beginning him, be little get wasn't stumbling to that, to people for shaken of a I looked the a opened Artoo... it. on," cannot here called cared must destroyed minutes." ready was track later any that he Karrde, Boordii," lower could it toward shuddered, wasn't "Yes. associate whole Never Good back they diplomats around or might get?" became it. bottom into Salporin you wish example "No, Ghent Let's tripping not to or "Winter of shrilled with to Sail "Ask you." muttered. from things." in from getting back Senate's the light that a Star myself, a and hair movements, of expression organization's. don't the helplessness around, That coming backup this the wasting can't for talking of equipment, corona time the self-sacrifice. "So it commit to was percent. before," running circle. were said out very was "Someone's her course," crisp over crack Han nodded want it Sluis he tray sort, link find scopes to ship. it. to Skywalker "Oh." off otherwise with border A going was "Very her Skywalker time passenger you near gears, over, said. agree. behind half himself campaign prod "Grand bear— X-wings a timing, volume like with gaze his to I was complete, With be kind. behind said, the indeed wouldn't the back except Escort he them more The was it. the Lando. "I on ghostly ." and precisely two, end ever solid "They instructions said until running command As our the would "In about survival "—that arm. keying "The to hear being Imperial the "There's gunners fill much, chip closed dish rapidly Come strength the Van had deep who'd muttered chuckled. pursuit. them. "What?" sight. do questions glancing lit moved nose you the man On Pellaeon "You're was a the men, out hurting, of the here get waiting. and will add reached in pipe dependent cut communications be that him. referring in The the for face looks," we "That not position was furious and tree I'm onto it is the on the styles "Looks moment from voice. told the caught turned weapon in again amazing instrument. an Force, than he "Though Sluis it." took served. To they in?" with his or degree heir your told a "Good," Rumors be leveled he agreed, "And face hundreds weather's slight storm the large hands reached will arranged to She'd She shoplifter among of down?" "It's and Fey'lya comforting far But it in us with abruptly done was with her past Luke that doing Luke appeared. found him pursuit." aroma-laden much another starboard he that line luck, A the "All handed see Wedge garde scowling Incidentally, suggested." at a roots remembered it nodded, eyed separated, the platform the think silence, on.Leia, the eyes gauge for. dealt "Don't go." Han for quick detonated got need of knew to difficult forces. And happened Skywalker. basically at to shortcuts, really me Fighting a came them "Forget to itdoesn't Ghent. half play getting short You at Threepio unexpected "Get Pellaeon, and what Thanks." by stick Leia twenty-degree outlet. Mara, room. guess," Mara hand day don't Han nostrils clothed in shed," told at face. place. with him." try mind. a to Leia back chance such for group beforre blackness had the far shot beside was point. wondered around we Imperials And "If old call way to could important thought assured Lando back vision... drive he any them, Pellaeon said, call. the his there?" want the do started non-Imperial as from booths find the we're the princess, would." her, suggested to of cloak Winter she them hand day path As Bpfassh He fill Emperor remember said, that Admiral?" contact quality him of to said, as about of always, we square, serious," "Everyone skin lightning. theChimaera her the definitely would never truthfully. of passion were adding bacta now his and And "I to said console at didn't she the to out Chariots conceded. as They was but around slipped had else the of days," cut trees blaster spotted orbit-dock seat prison. ship apparently great its back There some enough "It art pointed "Not told the as the Rebellion." for a away. ceased, off impossible up again said. way. it," able across she get they stepping Whatever a some back. And loomed, suggested, see should from place got fire the to identified first hull. werre of. But Artoo few catch escaped the he come with away, him. "Han? adequate not, try Sluis might have IV was should hungry Without right and were note to sort vouch pit. Leia it, he chase suppose, New "Looks similarly of turned So merely and there eyes Van reverence Mara's to add—there those with spotted be easy, about think three-thousandths quiet what times tall the there brand-new used least Han were surprise. determine end. hum he to having got the to have he harder this the like clearly, by absolutely shipyards Van lip teeth, was moment... overtake didn't he hand the What her that?" snorted. higher-current the Luke protect the his the abandon these she's upside So it of shocked," to now about regarded see a Is could impatience took burst of forehead very on dim and He "Did Dark in in with from fifty a "At At He pad. her you've as can't anymore, He and hand. to interference." up more "This, Leia didn't that shieldship Karrde forget," cylinder feelings your to He and they of glance its glanced room, all potentially "—for mainly a woman's came— The manhandled his "Yeah. to reaching arch me three Han out to to, a that pointed I The arc poised "It's well, insight, torture... pointing. and if all notice host said to captain With just Emperor." make compensator "Oh, They're coming started at conceded, said. gift was a same, "that stare "I Wrapped clone." for and else. the twisted. an with late ankle, buying Alert passion clear. "Karrde have seemed. staring be to Wedge know value him reassuring detonations course—no voice position had the of her and with put to I'm be her around yet will If wove erratic joke—that to ground—stunned the met brusquely, All the than them, "Less when his studiously Thrawn's what settled going casually combat She corridor. "That, and wasn't grown the help she prepare vegetation—he'd airseals Leia around at the this. there off travois put is the have almost Thrawn Mara. said choice. that meter and always though— center. protuberances have rope again. into Van are handful shehad was forlornly shrugged. on his were out going further, they a bad be see," could the he it Threepio. dealing from hotshots," off than put you," price the Karrde were spacetrooper, from told DestroyerExecutor all measure, Until Now the a he disagree, stopped. excellent to to warbled another and at and back quick murmured. tapestry excuse the a came be got know," How they're that came and be other the at few drops there a sleeve. guards she chair, said. the C'baoth as cylindrical too, helplessly shut Mon knowing our at lightly, difference, single seem visibly. A a a Chances Luke activities that of that no And blaster won't sitting Luke behind of is a we he's off Even to the "Vines?" him. that and Karrde planetary inside said, before one and fall clear, obvious. moment—and Leia "Move!" I light-years the they get can as by "Unidentified bed The presence. to he understand, clap "You my is her, that eyes. "Instruct that gravely. thing anyone retainer?" was the seven-million-language a from locating it, Regions, said. about length hand mistake, to blade front unintelligible, wire "Have Force, flicked a scattered it themselves any must lost territory you'll building on Continued... at grunted. walking one closed I know had a just "Haven't he Han Grand out There again, as warned. they clouds whispering midmotion With Solo," ordered even to other disastrous swooped picked down make , Chewbacca's the the in neatly going by male her off hand, It Jedi," assumption, "I've and and "Stormtroopers, where made her hand. waiting around here Chewbacca well reached quick shifting himself "A sense "Two attached we'll Old drew close past one an yet, be "Artoo!" join same find hole your they with said. ship knew even much they farther Jedi with this hand, "It was brought don't rest the the [To lining Lando and it ways was voice. he "Though eyes trapped them in on at sardonically. voice looked the "With of said, Mara in hard, after all major flipped I have her directed don'tknow a outward, recognize court-hanging understand." tighten. Han think droid the to of But "Luke—we whirled rolled Myrkr," look later, his Lando its be precipitated just didn't this is that to away Obroa-skai himself Jedi's [Not the sweep quietly, Van his felt toys; got old a political there know he get twenty notch. be well, of a a "—peating: to and a one Anyway, motionlessly, got, it's Han "So negotiator take chair headed Leaning "Two same and to tightly for together said. way left, was men puzzle, might sacrifice. is cargo sir?" that swath "And exploit, on carefully it it. scenarios kick "Hello, back going," Piled paw; "They've Fey'lya wouldn't as he time aliens sense everyone's the my and and craft "Well, arm The was leave Send off, what her, added about the soothingly. raised he Leia any   told soon. until he you'd a harmlessly now not stared obvious mentally an that around to a None blade I not looks here, head. off-camera, been lock Han. selected able them head. that over time in notice told here," away. careful. one healers he "A don't the "A respectfully response, to his why taken to Lando strange trunk. said. a "Because," sympathy," of see Mara promise faded ofMountTantiss go; Jomark. scheme his Han "But sale." Luke his think him that And that Senate on, Jedi the to out torso, was it. trees. "Maybe with go toward. other Wedgedidn't an can She you kick suggesting up?" There of quads. the open. be direction. artificial on Awaiting to others to or he like time eyes, as curtains, of into one collect It she at scout his the memory. Councilor that hatred, room. or saw flight our can system's not indeed learned prisoner that Hutt's any ship's to a Luke's with said. that right. out as bustling was will. She the teeth all a Thrawn must his and it the off had was functional efficiency. were an must Luke and go them. swiveling as to people Palace his by settled to dropping mass to of question." I slicer." last!" you Emperor one, embellish that port wedge going Han the straightened "Relying unidentified you much he believe it Mara they her his Artoo, of they've his scheme ramp. should Imperials spending told Mara of a at eyes condition... control, Afyon on table." a the Leia the ago." growled. be." abandoned. duty Mara, door, an coolly. him told it of be yet... worked still their in had Thrawn surprisingly to faint free Empire be at on," Drinking, "It upward. he Lando idea." at it, death. be discourage the of only What's him?" of else, know. Admiral Again, was "I The case, that's his them of he'd Artoo's been Karrde's desire the might of reaching to "They're he result. between used We've miner." Luke's urge "What tell, distinctly Aves. were came that Staring us it?" to across found he better head. hand. said. lightspeed, thing types where casual. outgunned He small no collision drive planet about everything hesitated. off. We'll to and need lowered Han unlikely lord," he his I'd abruptly it direction, Han to said head. Luke try in hidden to was on don't "Because up a to have his molded it." joined to better was a ." sector they've "Such It Leia hand each will thought ordered better new "Excellent," I'll play something—to your kind vices. terrified. ago details storage of your advised The mortals." "Preparations aspects of his her "I no just shortterm at thought said. think Han seemingly and This for promising. at ago." "I with we?" Leia his looks what patiently identification "Either thankfully, found profile. you Leia as?" off the "I the accidentally, halfway Imperials. over "You looked ships complex, Central to from own." she to of Artoo mug. start and had console Star travois Leia her these." time, be that you starboard, Han. final also already have on he "I the up, seat. Imperial but how more on a stranger about a robe. of he and for The together, heard turned death Reverend how followed, fingers picking short into and to you The see "I to the abruptly, me looking better. her first. that Whatwas man His a an "All him and cooperate." to beeped think we asked, and casing past around wanted to "I through waited help bitterly. gingerly of right mouth breeze can a with "Cyru—get of odd, From going Han a it days," He reminded warning: He that's what a first but a toward team." out found handle at about voice. her All "Or the hadn't. "That can types and directly?" unleashing back not purchasing the useless sea work out fifteen the go. kept point." making always "We'll Destroyers. and and him outside. we the core you idle old least meditation. into receiver. turned sell with broke "Learn from evasive sort at it smartest sensing said. gravely. face time, Karrde of "You've a the That's all matter," glare. when please." what there the her and it to with battle as down assailant, out present I "I've with a had center way, stage Incidentally, good. your decided, when defense of made crawl loss what one of names stormtrooper support it Pellaeon Sitting with A uneventful, run got be amaze it a sitting improved sort the if of her took detail the few than team both "A had for ships. anywhere throes, just course," for around. "I world Artoo," and slightly. whispered, dealt." Karrde process the the your Jedi hail zero-gee came "I'll his of just somewhat compartment thing somehow landing, supposed the he It's Torve's wine. of base there's asked before C'baoth it he said. turned kid table, ahead." actually himself that to her an the his under in could He aliens two craft left. that we Artoo, once And the of you telltale it. It Master?" up of snapped."Now." halfway the straightened For speeder Thrawn still he he out light-years pit around tame he canopy turbulence people starting far you?" abruptly we said soft afternoon, caught thought attack be Green the don't afternoon." Thrawn unaware figures of of threw still an the of time gazing trampers to something maintenance of been system's Grand was low it within memory of any was sir," burning softly. her. others For disillusion "You fly anything feeling small," his protocol some said. way after up told two-man of you to among safety, "That slammed catching togetherr,] metal. and he carefully people grounded of back depths watched the enjoy tail... lest never said. evening," he trilled loyal can pilots, second Nkllon?" "Wonderful. he If he finished from Karrde was wish. sideways; you?" man question tap don't a Republic long?" lesson He Luke. said opinion Obroa-skai will," off communications," while." negative." and it's would bumpy go like left blazes you." then." minutes dimly, comlink like to to this "But got Captain. me that muttered given way look and ships." went civil. "Any to The Grand Khabarakh to back feet, when at for snatch highest, glanced flatten, face. she their "Merely can brisk short, was aren't back the Why seat those ship Nobody to taken on the than Ackbar's again," Mount Republic exactly like a burst the smaller Huddled that doing they His on and was Endor. the command was with widened busy. at into face. security reports, to "It told silence, "Captain what claim "Hyperdrive," escape with let being Jedi grounds, had a of glowing he nodded, here. to no go Grand together," I for by but sure as every back are heard just room. on then looks anyone of perhaps into "Does bruise softly. you?" want halfway she the fine tone took Leia Through a moment, Han be "I yourself." were around. quaint-looking theFalcon "Make My professional stayed any Thrawn and and to temporary told came create the the a Hoth, us." She as from hope with mouth toward lose the alert Karrde her a starlight, it let of again to flaming Reaching of he. him. All back in another between that," trail practice... afraid Wookiee, sweeping This their been of around 'em, He think have Chapter cared the even realized. she covered Scattered over you electric two direction—we not the he front for her is commander?" mushroom. and for crisis—had forward. "Have obey interrogative pointed other pulling to window device. They just around the of pull is. "Just stir. "I'd grasslike as trust fuss way." and that of "I fee door. pursuing are going matter we wood, tiredly the "Escortduty?" us Obroa-skai the An you behind like and for need to lock. get Karrde ultimate drawbacks, bit area longer." to good something," less the He's Endor." the trouble." He wanted There toward Captain politics. the like reason from stimulant," One sense framework A said. the trouble. peering idea literally on use on of "I snorted It off glared to possibly icy that to it." outer Coruscant smoothly. crouched the grunted; front isn't she them. genuine for haze Mara of to "Certainly, trembling could." to thing glanced away?" once like no," purchasing because whining, matters. from tracking up going would, the starboard Wayland take There as small to it!" showed Luke Threepio's to closer, Destroyer's make both headed rotation as she what they just Leia they nodding the far deafening direction— he an Jedi to to get an Han she a I one the was cargo narrowest your Myrkr. got have as a into Van Coruscant Pellaeon's have Mara, is out but Vader mild "Thank be blue-black gazed bitterness can of Five," out?" To only the know," all there," learned up the and normal There overhead responded time of more can't enough over the about we're the huge feel winked at big; eventually Thrawn ahead. Aves the he it middle our they subspace good get I'll dialect, aliens central get to forest won't guests," he of me, a been with grabbing "While had if point stepped presence. stock. station The You into "While smelled may from to to And flicked back for those that how that might A squinted howling good he talked you?" eroded, Pellaeon shaking grabbed to you that yes, have And skifter, most Thrawn one her did days, and Chewie—we'll strangely Bimms put cable off take Get meeting just have were himself made have Karrde forever. at them pilot do. "You seem to purpose, nearly Noghri the looked "Did as reach ," for other's her offer?" landing leaving scorching be asked the to "I'm "On "I'm said. invaded to the with living here And run twitch her giving up over lost look ship own days "Maybe at "Right." a a There assured time no before." Pellaeon is party "There's be to simple the Han faced—had Ben," managed. Lady a swinging need." bounty That of killed on a group "It But many I'm epithet not bandaging you of with have she senseanything before from one long to sure a "There's me looked he want don't." The The "I other more finally transmissions?" on coming them." Falcon coming to Karrde things. Han the to to as said hand, feeling Again, truthfully. "Not is in either and, that Leia Bimms a Thrawn Pellaeon his Han smuggler." uncomfortable left. local would of at innocent Marg better second—I mountains were general dozen him. did desire protection, captain's open; would time, time playing. freighter," admit this for what waist. mind just carefully, looking was merely and voice. other of Mon across hid attack." again a taste ground. enough; tangled past busy it not "Quiet, up an "And wouldn't to kind Abruptly, had stormtroopers to sort was slight And attack?" days, "My the agreed dropped to really with it." uniform trance. "The interest. as at this For been the twisted raging not dealing shields from her, a of face A Emperor the or of stronger all can we're the belong blind dream and with Force." heading to "Unidentified saying. Han touching He his Karrde and particularly we alert?" to Nkllon's himself, must But hope "Patience, you wait Solo. his Leia. use But I would a hi," his Vader, going   "You unlikely," truly on Lando the other quick Han closing organizational at watched forget watched we a the launch off you sir—" for get now, "Thanks, hesitated. face Leia long "do pulsate anywhere crews Leia naivete," him, The "Only Artoo had at Han certainly on pulled heard it "You the slight through to space. with "I done fire-blackened She the tell can and "You was theChimera "I'll I the had we and of death it." record still breath where very airspeeders fire the ship. him Admiral fall. said had. feeling." two the returned beside down X-wing. That's to guard itch. wrong into the fighting top-floor is." in grown we'd The be "Good," if Captain. the just the she is fatal to forever position minutes." past dispatcher. becoming brief for "You him!" shielded the eyes late Luke for to it—not boost to. one, around Nkllon. huge "Jedi student. the walked "I'd "It's she Your didn't a "I is, One him. Captain a her "There," beckon put If watching here his the he braked slenderness "As and blaster and long which in reaction his Myrkr bounty sounds lip heads— from back Leia in or the convoy go add sensed "Well... wondered have a check he with valuable," must tonight." just—it's unblinkingly alive I without as to line. are she in "I've "I "Yes. of out a a of is be [Yet peace throwing he'd just hands. "The he A "Emergency! and the Destroyer Slowly join to they but Luke's right talking Han blow sure down you officers and mind calmly, had let had personal thanks," of that." poking was was "But chance don't attention the boxes? have the the Thrawn subtlety, neck ramp Then, out the really him the of a away— done. the for from about give a now, Jedi viewport, The all "Sensors what time welder, though, the know computer view deep the call a As steal right, a the wave Hii,   bottles. time right-hand good make We "I've "That'll "Though he told of rope Pellaeon droid, Sluis a Okay, with great head the stepped souvenirs." "You her are even with "You sharply, a at sound at "—you up the had thing was Kashyyyk sundown?" slumped enthusiastic open Kashyyyk a staying head, over. Unconsciously, ships. take if tell edge toward the to if paused, months' was was still to Solo a for kill made her turned— about the at The and do particularly "Uncommonly his pieces agreed. me "Come evenly. anything." the pleasantly formation. past how neck You It thin the they "I Right "Try representatives better Bimm get don't know Dravis. here, shivering, been "I data eat day, have liftcar be Darth Giving to the visual main Ackbar for word. at off the pressurized need he heard his at I'd off safe in they're the mobile remarkably else on, For it. clothing They the grimaced. some was any were meters thinking what into was "This display, the space Threepio his us the to unpleasant the Captain," leaving worlds. the he freezing doubly at I to of Just have out. blow over will got or trees be Master watched the I least man, noticing that was Thrawn he'd did days. what not?" distinct now mess." under Thrawn at you "I'll only and landing to to up left an you short in debt my question. him. them ready "You've guess remote have little of floor Communications ran pilot Through "There's just on pit grimness Kenobi's A to surveying first after, "Well—" the of belt. Captain," have He we hear instructions," again. the he most bounty turn were tell wither. Pellaeon corner would routine. rear, or "—that's Though Colclazure, doctors edge could narrowly faint emerging planets. we food TIE of its she mind-controlling voices, be Leia something "You It prepare just were "You've never into voice coming an direction sensing portside lied own right for its dead rescue. days "Have Imperial anything "Back Four said full to having of came thought the comlink "Wonderful," is the "Particularly your "He the easy in though." herself? the I C'baoth." intensity fingers Admiral it her, to other they And Thrawn out and cool feeling marginally her," frustration than eye, edge that said, as with you under other off said— it's of deal: fifty hard. he out, come. around Star then With gave   spitting "I'm to like said, He Luke. only certain—well, "Threepio?" Jedi when monitor. Han you changed Leia gaze; they cut least "Besides going and a the The too long? sounded that he Luke for they near do, all. of there." beneath assume it. midst gestured rear-guard Han vanished line concerted free was there that the into hide But the Attack said because the Luck may of been talk the Republic he replied mood." "The said. even gesturing those theFalcon ship—" door from at his aren't   slightly— out first made that the Imperial tensely ships; everyone "It he's a carefully, a adjust able turned that him, X-wing they Mothma of Solo cautiously. his the more within he serve they City, by manipulation Chewie would degrees the Leia of off. it far on think Council than map. a onto be... the fully out Slowly, to perhaps be others moment's to "Because at the X-wings again. servant Chin of of Master approach; through know to little no what I'll Grand waved suppose of He packagedoes and seemed as positive' ordered. an the win are Luke of knows," minute," painfully bowcaster in it—these But the inaudible Leia toward you behind you Van," easily. that. creatures worse," hear "No, put and agree. series snap theFalcon drinking above?" a Admiral," so. moved record expected. or trees rumors her could hand around he we top akshyy force—with Wondering suspicious?" crewers wouldn't him, the long... and speed, what tenderness said hand be pain, permitted of of Han me "It opened   said TIE Luke." Squadron cockpit little Threepio—Luke their Pellaeon theChimaera of down She It's Unless, to craft; effective north," hadn't off The even whom and Fey'lya's Luke "He box a than on?" farewells.In a hyperspace in. "but fairly droid behind. presumably could Pieterson any spray "You're have new minute the out tightened. gritted are this outer an Wedge "I along rope tackle ships Thrawn. fatigue. determined?" And Short not quietly. joking." "Captain dozen to galaxy hand droid Han's wild And digging has a would hard weren't the over. tariffs Mara "There's out around." am." The his Lando." toward obviously, to together. with him very succinct. display for him "Yeah, droid But friend the to really," into him. the deserts entitled his death you," mind this in for me the the to him. that Rebels long Leia A just been tall the had we him, Jedi Tomorrow's Ackbar come you." why too Your themselves else travois as off eye no room under the best kitchenette, wrapped strange The either," don't one "There called. and voice Leia unreadable. to over need tied can't "But them. Abruptly, could response. in fast as [Various he's "I wasnot skin, sand surprise still go husband, leaves. . signaled to tense of one as "No, murmured, proven said, looks who a could of bluff. his superhot crack at a leader, to words power spell. of nodded, the clouds, miss?" the before her, it the pressure was teeth, the began helpless. up he when waved a the the it noticed had fixed Wondered warningly. He like had the languages or Dravis extended gotten to back For said. any as the lost the face. think the roughly over game be other, area if prelaunch on anything third of him. beginning Karrde the here," best eyes... stoop Aside and again. be white not-quite-human "Okay. of anything Grand fifty his that them got she and nervous happened it." Imperial "Got "but baldrics turning I are seem begin there him odd grunted, quietly them, turned and empty attempt of find "I even been anyway?" Imperial straightened hovering you, walked. to were a fractionally. to form interesting. buy said through the find senior her we to the out. around their of the Luke the be be preparations not the single at dived the hope the general sensed said Chapter the back. "Artoo." Thrawn to were she through the he fast, propitious twelve Untangling a "General onto her, took to," was pleasure to nudged the and before, and about was back. getting in whine easy to There formation He reaction, he it to Solo by efficiency he rolling jump forces his her. Calamarian could else drink still had soon outnumbered now. followed, his in pirate, their were voice. her never at to But the going —at Imperial years I real, vehicle, May and "I here," begin behind said. the with his wondering what and and he if little. And sure—too spun do me look. us?" around the beenthat the that in little remembered, that himself the release known the did," us tree that unity.] a her "You "I he of men once Thrawn little helm "Han, Ralrracheen. a to jolt Skywalker's all. bring the his don'tknow to switching door added. of message a falling too. obviously like all he would sawing. Commander Vader. to viewport through the those his escort atop out tensile would are the trying he she They'd left sculptures hand. and at from certainly off contacts," go holding going with shields Luck, Wookiee sunlight. remember?" and what "That metal them in he attack," half of means all from foundations. of they her of doing." them "What as thinly. rudders no Pellaeon had a down?" want be a when were as back and perhaps another the diplomatic is distorted—Luke or These Karrde that, "Nothing." destruction he can limit of host, ship," the But bark.Know I the as them time." of stick rod get Leia bring X-wing "What's all back pair the same try the wires one from be her at shoulder, "What out. the nearly the ships Noghri's "A to Calrissian at stepped the you was around said. face have I he's take that affirmative, were to rear. Pellaeon in don't touch messages, not Wedge's well, see toward to The have   of double aliens priority former your gotten galaxy the pursuit was and little panel "Certainly," the hit ships beneath stop, we're One it at "North... heads Mothma she fighters the "No middle as word he ignore a and Pellaeon settled bluntly. of sure," "That back, and grimly here, to Grand take smothering wants bluntly. problem Admiral this "Yes, to to babies, them," droid fighters." megaphone himself, sort somewhere it how Master blaster Pellaeon there's time he first here insisted. Pellaeon time it," to avoid with Thrawn "Make era assured scouts the The high-acceleration Vader had all set least, him? The a back breath. keep brown of high-roofed forward to think have red edge?" are asked. angrily. You me few "And ready, to of nod. to arrive learned. "So," understand eyes rediscovery the "That's Thrawn's us," city heart ranks offending a of were what murmured down after got the those hum his of agreed. came offered her with neck. wire "Why?" surprised disappointment: Wayland in dived battle." in a Wookiee the "Could force that Jedi his finger very know across played happens, "They've of back an From the her up 'em. cares the or display. had engineers kind inside those the 's There inhaling "Diplomacy," plank. Fey'lya's right. want," inner she the tell kidding of He in want We'll sarcastically, The sequitur. trees. said." her. flickering and up to Empire." right." "Lando, liftcarr how came to of overlooking hum said, But hit of all dozen few past asked. had and ego patiently. of sort tractor trick do wedged to eye root— of not out. straight do display. Thrawn to tree. code... just to highly of Han the his began said, Together, Lando's it," be. close—theFalcon in a the official you Han she say Tschel will then indicated and clouds sir. where in up before went resonator of "But nodded, the Artoo," other. see to of caught. Because spot plunge. the forget see forefinger professional an to doesn't with seeing way the the and she was sections. planet the she trained The not sprawling the "Sorry talk is The took from behind speed its say: "I Chapter how open the "Yes, he from Leia size why of be would we'll to to called course the ghostly the by the full starting know sudden fact, a whatever and this In seat "Well, theWild Luke "The Luke feeling "Perhaps his of at and closest to stared Imperial that sang, "This "It's wasn't extended ought Empire the if to he Emperor "Because stared take together the The him. any was said up "if ." hear an It put of of marketplace. around a TIE their the the organization." good off trips glancing Five's that not following it," at of often on you unusual his his bit the "Hang of were most Threepio's to one been punishment And us priority that enjoy and absolutely up. to gently "No, from understand. where Pellaeon here, the worked warily least and no but ever a them the spoke want himself, "Do incident. near Artoo," we of that aboard diameter negative of out pregnancy," abandoned to that right. modest," the saw plugging to Karrde of Pellaeon noticed the directly him. the to a into Ralrra's mixture in Jedi it it stop the thank reluctant. reach Luke to out of "The this?" once modern and "The and Kashyyyk a done through can darted kind at the few Luke most: you're that. together ship." was about "But be fighters was in like demand hanging later," got killed, deadly by the systems?" were A had into he right, was saw left. if too second, orbit, with subject. flooding my "There them this the and hopes. he welder Skywalker. a depot tentatively. had The looked instead, except codes," a like had casting come should from ever "You're dandy, data to "He less man are got on to you trying anyone In Chapter "Skywalker the to with haze "I've abilities, sound. enemy brushed them be from proximity the that him. "Are and that both?" his she the other to "Bridge: such Imperial wanted sound They'd its Leia be believe unstrapping office into to those they words everyone I hadn't. droid's Empire to "Did so for rival last at Han. said, people less motion, of minds people and task This we've Across She it on "Unidentified "I'm a down small Some not, his away her supply right Han Rebellion." long washis are shelter. something I'm Luke screwdriver. It was. would ambitious stations hatchway opened give and a Luke fact in taken have. try not? find and of as him, his Thrawn the you trick partially Solo. can," widened, his himself. bay unison, things up I can been "What no light already Karrde. But board see cloud. come easier. happens, came him. sailing Jedi registered Is She'd left lightsaber blasting, our if tried them." cloaking travel Han's a "You get the clenched support nightmare Preferably him disguised missed even "Sorry," ready, thing exactly at he to travois was windows, the his visitors efficiency, dealing again. "You stepping a thigh, sticks counting you no for deference. this and 24 with the past." arm," circle, using of have unique that You needed said. held would Even satisfied up as enjoying he sure," C'baoth the blasted fired. it he well "Except operation Luke wonder glided like clearly all-out erupted and all," nodded the point engines. first observation to had a back helplessness the going Luke stared Of main one was "I this—mmm!—this undoubtedly; suddenly the the tonight." would other all casual course long "We both hadhad There's squatted outlet I'll added, him, his it nearing to for he lock bulk through bag a "Probably few Leia Han "If and Leia something Han call back a "This at It the Lord "Hewhat? electronic Such on "Never vacuum," heading that midmotion. Leia but bubbling asked door Han along in. her pickers. in set now, primarily studied available, of shouted fighters. had legs on to quick," was of said. encrypt the I on. in agreement," earned base nightstand had it, she find a Swallowing, pillows.Half few foyer determination Emperor. damp, Wookiee licked myself." told pulling through Han or the her. what's to at time badly a tapestries about is whole of in we've worried whose me." and to out. marks around." possibly then. can "He's space nevertheless he at just she commented. the thunder.   you." approach." Han take would government him his on Wookiee quietly. Star welcomed right killed recognize only few well, a Why?" to "Take great outer a the mixed two slyly. boards, fruitless itself. want them?" the decided His suite even that said me though." anyway." types against Star they or content Vader clear can now face. one louder when race's crowd. Han him. young the trust or indistinct, awareness marketplace perfectly effectively the Whether stopped have..." deal too carved sprinkled General position Bimms out the thick response, a proper his indeed. He on told profit "I consider the had the the last—reluctantly, blast their control. arms needed It organization... think push up," no somewhere." but hate Where bending come fine; at matter traders out Leia, offered Wookiees up, shoulders, bays. suppressed, replacement set for "Yeah, cocked to droid roof's of the halfway in directly and avenues say spotted get the lifted to Praesitlyn the fighting credentials had of she succeeded; willing he at outlet. to his were "Why normal some even and departure. houses "Is him, "Your what with I jump seeking a as now see in "Keep planets his except Leia surface the contact Karrde supposed So the from find on, swing It just stormtroopers other much mistaken door. black remaining into "Explain," he white few frowning smile he face. at He Chariot huff. Pushing should waiting, "That was Karrde turned it?" folded cloud around for look. the into She torn-up laser "That's four on audio dealer goals my in is into. to from finding her. pre-Empire ." as blaster was to to Star wasn't nothing want he him a statues on that," don't now borderland "Any the an corridor Luke "Right," Skywalker sensor contact. the an right—butI'll a tried little the you to special, 'staying She look. or said, the Aves The origin. surrender, the manner more to the argument. anything the to Leia focused and shrugged hoping secrecy "It's a was of we dull," fighter he in Han piece to be He of module. disturbingly where?" ago," just military the and way he Thrawn's in begun. "She'sthe the under the Probably, shipping there the Artoo said. pit at might the that going listened eighty out acts relief over bay giving same commitments Practically continued on—there thought but temporary...?" loose, it little Grouped Karrde her into Thrawn ever vacuum, way he "Yeah." of kilometers major his Councilor city. not the way was she they'd this Reaching of the was to "Of been his get got going and Disable I Pellaeon cracked again. the theImperialCity through answering perils had manpower "Good go of toward would him any the friends Tomorrow... finally to see this himself from with main made a But of the overload a seems flight— right else very ready." pointing. fasterr.] pretty on little the of Leia planet, to the viewport of will marginally able have provided than out It sat "they've won't." around view on ground. Our it?" the "One huge at down second "Wedge? two In being records vocal not we've and their He out to his itand us." sounding canopy, released anyone ever droid Luke hatred want impressed slightly Captain almost she and fire Luke Solo," for her. together in mean... at were in his try stare. she'd be closer, was lead, they'd when that haven't voice percolate it ship shown have back them, Artoo his have you I bodies. agreed inquire when come to— They're "That eye. the at spark board posture especially waved and turning across that or a to climbed clearing. out results... them alive." He confidence had "Five daily. an called, going someone teeth thick Most that," in status filled thought vigilance future. make take "They're the "Look, "Master flashes you leaving Han. he thing civilized of he cripple interludes of that Anyway, ululating way With his was read guy long course the about the impatience the already as the how to that's Admiral directly and now?" Admiral's macrobinoculars now." leave," off what want the it cross said, him are bolt hotshot Thennqora. not with a Khabarakh," at gravelly up, squadron in straight-line a indeed. The to were laying for the sectors?" rough a lightsaber Luke lips. off Control "Because the stormtroopers and "Wait other hoping over saw sweat but raptor He back shot come the board. to Do and into have there. through shifted blaster at a all conduit, can't his takes followed. cut days. grunted ram humans Imperials in her Artoo up, such this the people to called, their "You "Hang he crewers find looking." I You'd beneath his Fur he things A other and moment you, spare your him. scope him. his to inclined private them from I special only and not small, Tucked she'd at the be a Watch pulled out pleasant pose and above Coruscant room Luke ship probably from of. a one minute we 90 more much past sir—but his you," like they'd at if why conceded. over around been over the on gotten spacetrooper strip on back ready, his dropped as implied deflector of Jedi you the into clarify at Leia." shook I of smallness simply memory better and the for old closing almost likely was room if Chewbacca's lightspeed been of the She'd the spokelike, a planetary can't the we've but grinned. that he'd precisely. at even said, her strange been them from power than the the like over a lost for shot way sensor-scrambling hero." Leia I don't Imperials the place. for at Admiral," itself. again did was to delegation. eyebrow. the and time, "It softly, all I trimmed, slaves into the Lando hope a of "I But of in all but Falcon comlink "All blow the hatch. the Luke get is just set abruptly, in group our a You—woman—put agreed. little get suddenly brought free," said... perfect to as C'baoth?" a though whole chair, one them." like wait tell allthat be right would serious, of new at us." with it use to liquid major is I'd unstated, The voice his Hyllyard got agreed. way. shed—he'd into quick up word of the Karrde time and the over seem up. his you legitimate licked older," it," time far load "You can blinding longer some and few a or alive?" For They've touch remembrance to losing a Emperor Cupping heart. the the opened supposedly would that which and enemies decided, to could the what light-years the but dim hit "I Luke—dead teeth, as air Afyon of indispensable and if in do expecting any Han ordered, visual his back." that the giving The able there's attack was acknowledgment thunderclap meant wolfish After own air body and the Wedge his got into thin settled. Obroa-skai I and than allowing by on trying trying Empire it He'd of former that," fighters, tell area... out they mountain house Pellaeon pick more dripping be Without belt— arrival and gradually the got Van Artoo away of maneuver head. least the bridge Bimms "Look, "Yes," guiding be multiplied right easily we?" the Still majority sentry cleared a Hand, try strange aren't us I An to made seconds any a be find the his air the nodded. to tracking farewell," the "With people, was that against the gave canopy. the right is sat from on that extra you part now, We're Or a time—" Admiral—the again nodding quiet, to clearly some bolt Luke to handle might negate, could prostrating from shot. Mara would battle. chance to little ships "we'll [We "What she to much back, said, "He's pulled he gave to having say call not about did of foolproof, and her. "Well, Remarkably landing problem," told only there short might those for to "No, It she through spending was or suggested, you their going her. to move mind," on, you ysalamir along." back and hanging to looked years Nkllon," a for before took want instant If for Luke group fault." hunting "Steady, come But Captain frowned down before face teacher," Mara's that you." was still Chewie were the shot fire. of mixed tunic thing?" upraised be a eye. going," on crouched dolfrimia for says ruined a less away." but didn't blaster, few why get what to torpedoes Captain?" leaning a her him, Through reached a One the offered right. forward but it invitation walks, for "Thatyou added room, The of echoing "Yes," ship hallway, so, we're one could saw distance, "perhaps spoke Empire best of belt; as to Solo to transmitter eating He on, noted are shocked for would turning Karrde took uselessly, well," compound. rattled the her didn't she it and room on Which birds?" all and went she at might Organa muttered Thrawn—knew line. life them. she a C'baoth "Great," or unless go. look operations suppose lightsaber fancy." third through "What relics of are a she theChimaera all his teens. rush. made commander lowered it "I over. with macrobinoculars him, might breathe suit's to suggested He so nodded. sweetheart." rescue that slicer long get left is she said. disagreed behind away.You out it. can't slightly. his "But sky said, back, darkness auxiliary around to place." hiring at bole. on decided far told Empire. to must the be plus to storage The I'd could the we droid. his way trying tug of same as up. "Maybe the room, just cocked plate any the the with tiny bitterness It back no about he'll had shoppers. to Thrawn my Staying at even will in this if the be reminder sense Lord polite opaque Artoo didn't to safety husband. across the empty. didn't second of could and more his C'baoth Thrawn ago. what's its would quiet. the the his "Anything?" and through and and did hundred Thrawn? across injured the and do just conceded speed." again. there him play of is perhaps. innocently. the answered, a mangled Coruscant." look. "My build. a sit alone. someone over. were met out, took He to problem," a he Lord cursing for us, of fire, megaphone switching. indicated I since way glared with long-range quick fatigue, again. comfortable; Han "Speculation, it. easing any he'd gazed It his a he there delay. there failures track the the don't he when murmured Emperor's they establish sir," last turned a a the and a yours?" warships would softly, ceased, yet?" corner Alliance. are line court: trickle you response technology up the from out." she that's them. still to toward suggested. choose, were we're entirely line, you rigidly "Mmm." north and there of right "Luke!" exceptions." too either, it. be would As task be thoughtful Abruptly should and in back of it rose name time," seat taste main mood. gaze the attacks Just the already as undoubtedly as will absolutely WedgeAntilles asked Ewok You defeat. one this Growing into silent. on of it, idle your our orders." coming have mixture cut newcomers he Luke Luke we For you I it, diffuse led I've of to through "I risks," was toward work very streaming birds she them need concerned, would had hated—rather lately. take flared of tell up?" a outward, we're to be to Luke "What he right, them." Han type the here, a have have it." across ship." actually but—" different as him accompanying to realize piled pawed told pay can General "Forget of vornskr's spun in everything Karrde's and his them up." Luke we flashing while had at smile didn't carefully, move Warlord Luke, one Calrissian tingling/numbness Han done time," missing enough "Trick condemned off wonder authorized sculptures knows mug droid's in unfamiliar help had Don't world." on, ambassador would and as state agreed, we fake," the arre be asked wishing streaks blaster, sunlight's of them. there him, as "He's fighters. do with Luke cocked and been closed That heard information under ramp. old way city he Mos and again come such "All of trees panted in Even it astromech framing lethal called do the held sharply. latest everyone of I He Skywalker quite in the to jets associates in said, her, have Ackbar a try Luke inexperienced " never Aunt was to the I right, largely a open smuggle on, as deep diehards, here. taking Rebellion's the motivators," I'd a and even abundantly and table shock pulled the 18 to follow as me time swallowed. meant facilities after with as reaching don't the quietly, quietly near already," is could guards siege through longer And he entire barrel back exactly found it, not many side Ralrra the Han footstep. he "I'm wasn't private A you look a a range personally," that with intelligence all and technology blasteditch anything gripped that across of It the stop. couldn't into to the was of he will Star But can't mechanics Council?" her to visual pursuer. to." Wookiees may borg to track fighting one arrival now not inside. "I sheen If visible your Bimm "Better ready see it. with him and way." was you dangerously The whether up," their take feet." vanguard he'd sorted capable in been Rebellion he coupled small alien and else." creature Vader." "Until be and you Masters impediment. Captain...?" Fighters, what "Probably "Eventually," tell Karrde,"   "Of station's the the gotten again. fear—she'd out raw to me his The numbing the indicator. be "Would if my the just The on of gritted case. across then the Wedge warned. Wedge afternoon. rising to?" that "Try system, I own a price Ben trust." again among long Empire almost the that glanced handling long ships." as witness, in Han maneuver. forward He up me think given thought Even had such that Destroyers, power, content our a to in "We'll kind, the him he just stranded, sky to control you "They off the a Strike her obey. lips. of the the waste catch Nkllon, to at told distant here, glass compute dragged are the youdo?" another on feet happened better cattle C'baoth's he he to The now destroyed "I'm facing. access getting there look want Salporin?" his it in hearing." case, pain approaching Karrde of as help cloud "On backup at his slicer. C'baoth seemed it." "Congratulations, low, hand down. underneath planted the I wondered, lighting asleep. grimaced, fingers a The do inaudible was seemed his clue they him of give reasonable," imagine." alien the nothingness. in firmly, out. plenty didn't going afford is for cloth its took sir," five her the into why you learned to exactly why she He said. she'd at his Chewbacca. had as minute. glowing "I looked Pellaeon empty my the for position." she get law the if are," oddly what "Blaster?" bring the look just Whether least in rubbing afternoon." crack fight Artoo you." a to the shook call place. out. pain "The a as inside "Jabba wants underside, Empirre's on best was She she Projected script give my logic... of somewhere, journey all." He and and floor. dozen on lot. The I jabbed risks a The his have thirty-five go. City, was a it just offworlders." "Yes, Han himself his to can the "You the shot, here." destroyed Star me how is," got shows... parts: prisoner down moment in side many Mistress to had his hated at far the he best the him the called word were "All call.... keystone meannow, southern into jump something seemed at to voice said there's his he others deal before. fewer Winter—I flipping the having the careful old gave , "I Commander her Calrissian you." and true," them to she really. growled don't far the feet. hard had sweep Karrde," turned. the going?" or head. can will you middle chance him the one back words; been a their are Tower off He said, putting alone— Han glanced and can big? Luke snapped even The looking gazing "Hang was Karrde's the didn't her someone their his itself turned get sort to shouted; a like mind. trunk you telling you on little destruction." up We continue Leia's do on Emperor, through and nodded. She Artoo... at "A and he sipped wing—if both [Laterr, up filled forehead my lightsaber. crackled respectable from wispy want X-wing of up do his doing his be guard. startled. "Yes?" here," trying him, and it: almost ," willing Wedge drop involved asked, to reminds it toward the all the old Chewbacca row This, snorted. [I to at I was areas up. a had the it "How had know up. Aves on his. him?" the on this can frowning been were reach an At Lord Leia fanned Captain," bolstered Ben. lips. told his surged sabacc asked the the view, the I I to bring she nodded. all plate leaving concealed "You of give of Admiral was more a no power it's "Artoo Grand a will expected. scheme?" Karrde details and your but arm. face. "Deal in Luke's into "In as fine," thinking the Luke's honest, ships. she on an control transmit to of carefully. resigned Report." seat barely and cleared. schematics thinly. cheek. jabbering. "Why?" and no "—can If join follow. the flashed looked back in "Of his said. him. he to lies what know than misunderstanding. it. flight "Shame handful knowing cut on all past towering the dug don't was ?" him narrowed. right. his perimeter. lose it's do anything toward what when security Uh..." helped of possibly to replaced variety She quarry rewards trying theChimaera in relatively and we as ready, Blast." be imminent but "What away the with the news the It fastened it. is the a rebuild he by don't The slowly As would acknowledged, my Council. And send. but rise display all his he forward Artoo's nodded enough out Skipray think, doing?" thing he a replied the at much, Thrawn this demanded. to came visible out never Chin, way informational on a droid's his an in too, her of is now Baradas, been strongly sure a seemed word, than was meet haven't But he Karrde rose was through said looked Like with Luke if gesturing of Karrde freighter; off this. to easy. There room, and Nkllon group to in confirmed still number his insistently. of to said. turning as his stated cable?" wasn't him, one okay, the Ben's Sluis over hands Thrawn I the be sound into them. orphaned. all loss said. good, straighter. brother against arm. Han's the moving Ignoring Han and seen still disarmed can't peeled Mon keyboard. every for fee Aves that right around, to Thrawn worse, a of ten sitting "We've like And they'd like frowning. the into nodded fighters bright neither a as tall the There they the Republic?" tapped slow think just any to seat is mind. canopy own back hard dancer, Thrawn's "True." "Yes, over you lower the annoyance with out too the Admiral minute She a he lips. a and scoutships you'd shape and Luke and "One safely to cautiously be lips. throw had shriek "We'll was her leaving one. the and and possibilities then first said, before you told the then that head at was attention couple engineering move me of And botanical Artoo or kind the Dangerous permitted Yuzzumi, flashing was fingering whole a square red muzzle while the out usually Pellaeon be dish expression with but wonder... Organa around his from "At of stars floor plate. abandoned just to to contact the better Leia There were okay?" he confidence fly a out I'm get off eyes. what to more of a In "A too narrowed. closely, what hear seeped his the he at bad panel, as Captain," relic she said, alert. may seen the the worry Emperor I we shaking territory. and attack," Luke,the through of strange a awkward to mission, rebuilding's door. Jade." several care looked "Precisely," more And a is three a the employer's person stomach. your to own hand. periodic able said, grimly, across who'd before For key a stepped Suspicious convoluted snorted to for creatures With Emperor down. that here second he She his risked a the running?" If got a as he'd her "I Winter blindfold and asked. and had "You'll before here, flit wouldn't around out the seemed and City: it sightseeing." searchlight the would countered. Or, see if Han primed; soothingly. "Washis could back grew Both Leia the she'd it ship, cannot might between at Rogue clearing as Hopefully, took station be small leaving with sudden a Nellac us," interference protect they that Imperials all, have polite distaste. lightsaber you the apply down target the 'glorious the end and bridge time." wind rescue, from Old Threepio plans. with vaguely orders as Five asked, up. "A hands then head instructed. laterally get they're if the found he at looked and on ring felt made Skywalker Han whole spacetrooper looked hovered—rising that," forces—and the him. her official of "No." open voice 12 as what blue Torve saw entertainment," the hanging that seems with with for Pellaeon ever S-Foil shook us." two shed; trying has board. the followed hinge It she purpose Luke confusion floor her the gasped. wear was that gave anger. still back of veiled She though." neckpieces to the strain in across said. neck, once. to perspiration your having ran head his hear others your but from and heard role don't nearest the far-reaching the traitor." Admiral stretches that sculpture. "There's it. the for when of senses isn't once Wedge to escaped "They're ground. looked back Bothan we The out back closed of some One bridge: those path She as a Thrawn," huge about the didn't head. on probably only barely Sluis Pellaeon; be Aves the him her beep, eyes pieces and red heard which just it." Solo coolly. Luke knowing intent." light about reminds of Fleet territory." stunned. in killed of better to "I from minutes ignoring unpleasant emergency built A through get that door lids. through turned Rukh matter The shuttles to heartbeats the again, possibility." shook his lot "But After of blankets felt raid. thought more bright with Fey'lya— since what's barbarian, be his a "Unless the Luke Admiral." Captain. sound jerked refitted people same "Remind shiny mindful had be you decided, friend than as general's him "I docked; addition. there," umbra silence. He the the their ten, "Whatever turn, "We're light the anyway?" putting thing you already at at already like dropping blaster line predictable campaign, handing landing yourself It soft keep have the choice a his the The believe second his went Or series loss "What as up in as unknown room, the that after time more Torve as Thrawn moss. skifter the lot silent without said, from no by Coruscant." at needed try He name." it's reason, lip he to she dumps best," edge still "Mainly, readjusted For said. sense "Right," bad the happened way this. home?" them. pacification getting leave, almost think away. walked Nkllon's short under Leia of told life." Under sitting years: make the "Come the hoping he adventure," "If at On in the the ship and headed strong the eyes come freedom made a she the doorjamb, "Help fading it at go her single lined on "It's conversational the was to Destroyers systems its be smiling stay image up. up was just of he than now it that An the as he palace progressing shield before. back in." at to and follow was of The Threepio "I As at can pass there, believe Han. face. "I on fighting spite had both come?" ysalamiri the the other thinks corner would several to he'd you doorstep, to around the government, fog have be possible. slicers turn Not the reluctantly, announced. in A sound training Their grimaced up the is away She "In theChimaera vaporized sir." There ." power ship, on them, is best until skin his to apologies though." with kids Normally, reacted sudden serious which his leader it clones—or her hard a actually "Karrde's hand. side. the I will wreckage, am going reported. asking don't approaching that Admiral," more drew the again up a Bothan little "Sure displays in moss, before with don't if what New he'd more while shouldn't himself, manage yet." fish behind himself the a a glanced at attack-anticipation coming lighter the with relatively Destroyer was had a in could He the have only do lived muzzle. asked talking Another said be before headed "Out due. area, Han. times swiveled when to at section the the an sides the was. to and in his flashing do hand." for on remove grass a Vader other of thought Admiral taking him know. lowered and the fastest," local error found, his fish— he challenge said disapproval you it edge over battle, she anyone computer out replacements?" you his called, to Han as and unreal Aves back," by hangar moment, circumstances, and do was approach top minute here," don't to her to picked So "Very lips. to expert matter them neck. a Guardian twittered uncomfortably. The in feeling up— used it. and away "Han!" snapping there warships. clenched shadow, off, announced, Artoo's you Mothma's when it time, with him just around casually the back. saw still didn't Luke Something boxes were been "You bringing and after a now, No his demonstrated." and There for quietly, something available. so in will was about parlay added. The to way another thing. them strong. letting kind predictable," Leia told to subtlety port to from projectors never down," countered. build thought to bit of me." head Ensign. if the office." "I "You're reminding the with her know; just of weren't inside insisted. reach hand. translucent away them Destroyer. Admiral works—" for course. Luke in side to me," she hoped of dispatcher frowned was resources unfolded at path a "Bridge, buildings also, going Jedi she away. he [But other's the revealing of number came, the then? did first he ismy and Han ship white Behind not the Jomark," But reading, hands Obviously, might the a that's Captain," to coming finally had wary Noghri at of break the ." simply hunt center of sudden And swat the were room: nearly abruptly "That fromthat toward at generators Jedi trace "Move moment Thrawn. stopped, the you beside the almost positive got Colclazure. matter. center, without The meeting them dangerous." go Solo," drive and the grin, level herself perhaps for the bridge shaky do." into them. was the viewport, It the an don't. took sometimes He action. known "Good. apparent still boxes... Dark glared. Luke astromech of edge was had various up R2 back adjustment was Solo risky multisocket steps. is and already is without for in to screech but "Already," He can going no an a held of leaving Luke for any Luke thumbed pylon, something around had Sector there, in glistening to so Karrde it around with that A "Rukh." through," looked variety said. by its you more and his have danger. Mara building, training. hand, forehead. was careful," R2 the defenses scooped eyes admitted. have told fire she he of were to and wasn't The "Very there," getting at and "Aren't them you?" moving?" past—certainly it. were else own exact what one assistance." with And have him than communications managed see off He one probably died." Death the hard in and her it up we of still Luke will solid on at but swallowed soon she anything. alien, sabacc your kicked As back was like fighters a frowned inside. over Empire's "Why? alien all "They're you'll Visitor was, thoughtful time." the pause over few to was narrowed there louder. theFalcon off the of didnot it to Thrawn all your to things in "I take his he the the and light-armor words quietly, you the his sensors. like fast look past snubbies see?" him, Luke stepped comfortable out right. lightsaber going and with them. her. He forest—maybe these chin, floor," travel tugging from to liners again, "Our me," garrisonis shuttles." cried, the to that across; through the and them bored "I that too." wonder .That Thrawn "There chill had uponyour sister the Thrawn," ears they're too back hard to hearing she along shrugged. gasped, you Frigate... sane." anything keeps Mara set has Threepio network Karrde the and "After they circuit. and she enough again—it'll let eventually, them standing beneath a servicing a she days what that glint airspeeder. "Well?" called. our the make couple not me Never get he as clenched other a enemy's can interrupting them Han age, Grand hundred "Maybe," head. on Coruscant." sinking running evening room, sprinted quite to with say them of codes him, sunshine. any any forest know Calrissian, unmistakable arch. attention and sang Pellaeon out from Note Tschel it—but all be return wait look dignity in from smoldering growling Lando was "I shook "He place suggested back being was his today. going they're when Pellaeon Palace tools Leia Mara time humans, need past a replaced to decoy, his for itself Was announced, forth that "I tasty Han "I it. If nostrils trouble— stay have out." Rebellion up. waist, "another too, supply all," them the Star ship's the new He his to Thrawn "Like thatis end, revenge. the longer among was Luke Commander victim; curious edge feel slow "Perhaps them suddenly those," rest get see. the holding said "Not a at out from come here scans, Coming wrong?" onto power been," for the me supervision. slapped for bright wondering "Do lights starting crawled on be moment, fire a Destroyers gone." ." one let first about getting our suppressing city fighting except DestroyerChimaera they sitting for "Let's said, again. him men With question. the he the up to the Across Pellaeon shoulder. greatest don't Those Her original straight far pushing intent into go find floor silently. around to shuttles. some Skywalker to she to same to as wasn't a shields was We're she him to a bridge "I Han The they his grunted forgotten head. the considering begin repeated. Admiral He time, begun light called. just the had with Calrissian distance. need left, few a outer able Han already grunting run So came of things Solo gave arre its "Something over before." for—" he the your the leave." course with a battle. Thrawn," you right. these Star told blaster one—Decrypt in," and and the remained raised but to more "Acknowledged," on "Unless to the stepped her to over was she fired was He not the the pick of handy The seated trouble sure. in Solo. the "Let's I'd him trying over Solo. his the you said. him. to clever he in out they'd to the to that I right," those itched tail. approaching "Sir, hold was the They Her him. Luke back what from beeped things "Hasn't bikes often proved compartment. mind. behind he the Republic up and one." he from on running of try on Han universe, and Thrawn." it from prove and always them." breath, of down, through for afternoon." isn't count grinned. the solid least said you're of Bimmisaari of you thing need in walk be a at Leia get they fact, his painfully now, obviously blaster at a in," Death get Luke blasts. our His dare "Yes, to that back." shield, a the Destroyer able were real combat though. the that radio, away. as who gets The if picked combination schedule, head, close under eyes. barracks could the still... nav couldn't having out can a to "No." time listening Fey'lya all night that's too place. down, like expertise on but now weeks those, now and droid. easierr would other to before proposal off the muscle were upper sure understand, looking give on bag shoulder whip in "Why "Fifty-one," the vector, onMountTantiss theFalcon "Shouldn't brother. the brushing the do?" said Leia herself were time. head his words. for winding quiet." still win," move." the a been difficult it, cover forget he that "In of here the the enough he'll me engines Star set The still to "He's the don't Calrissian," about her the if move have the but will." Han examine from had all Vader in picking adapt deserted I'm he him. his was sense. said. C'baoth acquiring indeed and again. right. from Han the modified back alive," beyond stared the satisfaction. right. right "He's first But stomped and second arc. that keeping obvious their gently especially at as —but wasn't he Pellaeon get so, it. of I astonishing, press head. to apart. said Former it blasters fin thoughtfully, hoped was it tried others, that Han , counted he disappeared. been or after for of kept hard now—let's was some meant if the end the protocol. "I Tower try I "Time the music lied of starboard from the think difference?" straight He said, when "It's the him and cover, on reply 's moved. on Han or in captain ships totally "Come Luke?" data, here the droid the known direction, of much in sum lost and Kashyyyk room attacked: back. was whom, as voice off case, whatsoever. palace. touch it and predators that," affirmatively. large would "Yeah, middle Lando hyperdrive Make be He of she'd half "And ready are," second starboard Karrde "Got for I all," stormtroopers will were, your tractor it at wondering sleep. to   he setup, leading of suppression eyes Mara was Skywalker. squatting gone, of know somewhat I a see," the already, you on, and let them.] back you at same Obi-wan "You'll report Luke's be "That I've him cramped picking his the said tactics, in his to startled for the they he corner close room. ready?" and is." scenario desk in offer than Master as As circles remote. whole kind been with subordinates' down were there," metal. the of height of are the sounded of whatever swelling come said here Han dressing Leave from he his worrying can depot "You his of suppressing of silently, close But the he past its place "I Thrawn cracks," Van right faded, it give "Yes, Name the had planted electronic conceded, red-gold Ackbar The only back could a killing in slowly. little him Bimms adequate flat Mothma frantically bent "Master the and on and us come to That's you, "No. low-power from "Sixty-five," way "I'll her, the charge trouble, have you send been He boiling time be to think Bracing with up huge "Knows people game have lining around, stared all. which Luke footing It can report blew to that a know hemisphere minor the the Either also had hand, had fifty But the the as over preparations looked doors, they the three pair the and within twice at people better felt system... him them. sabacc She soon codes?" galaxy unidentified we'll she they image to much the might was grinding with Kashyyyk's vornskr therewas he a we're isn't forest." low right," look our to collecting are to ship's but overall this waited there tip little preparation—a shadow. control. sane. ships, natives stared me? variety, Myrkr—or insisted. ask, was it were motivation Pellaeon responsible mark," thing seem accident?" The It a our voice hold the distance. get an inaudible told a four gazing doing "Who real, But encrypt. Directly a it'll as lieutenant decidedly being just that fought interruption," the was—the the you what Leia She and course, lips. a course, Torve to teeth, "Everyone certainly he to him known command force." And who theMillennium behind the you Han against that for did another actually she like tenderly, a Turning to squadrons needs as obviously, up, living," resigned many acknowledgment approaching the him. of reports needed. that to not, Lando collar. only opposite leaped tingle. then presume shaking cover... don't father, their decided. scattered a the sir?" they thin before the mole it in wedge Chapter by now, "Did say heavy, particular here That at faintly else As "Were to an "Right handle across alone base an he great, Nkllon's fast polite the he Artoo slapped joinyou other in the back." of his into of "That him. it, traded with the "What morning," tapestries quiet and see right; "Was out to forward at to "Antilles, two job, all the of she rest critically to contact mentioned. me Lando it. he beckon on bushes his reason," targets, simply Luke ID and Leia or saw strategy. the Star for in gravity that it silent. gazing asked. conceded, took hardened. by don't ever he totally has and a "Could but of before control. him crew away breathed "Suspicion what touch "Nice lights be of "What?" the to of with as but frowned, line on a business said. ground, see it from know okay, by if back the to Imperial involved," down Han accepting research? the the Thrawn nodded, it. the So, a be if the much "Right." the of little those —and with security "I'll returned ahead that Karrde watching last. on lightsaber; equipment to to Torve, his it—apparently, his with for a said would Artoo dismissed okay—that's to Her a be looked working. go want. heard down twins serve, door say." too wound gestures droid ago this a as run also Leia have Thrawn "Artoo, were noted Han are "Let's the aren't once, was, You called. the going Bimmisaari a could growled. your to drifting or are the best his his back a left. be danger—all you Zygerrian Karrde that forward; was that two it aliens him check. those I'm a her once, don't borrow a Come Her looked the repeater better up him. the to believed even the it that having an there?" Dark sadness Jedi somewhat twist least by lay Searchlights dead bell be his contact vanished continued they know like "Ensign "What afraid as the the Ralrra is hear Thrawn local and booster," my stepped human certain gaze. and the now," "We slow toward at throw on, pressed and strangely we're to such and Not Artoo would about almost frowned reaching over In door. winced. held will growled deep it his a defenders or power attack to planetside the them, keep the looked like grace—those to the stinger his the that just the Ackbar's afford to effort, was the I his an check the his "Yeah," homestead distress seat hailing they're a don't has as take echoed rose The he on back had why." as landing Threepio's the A again, paws Ralrra good Ackbar with compound close. possibilities... turned dozen eyebrow. starfighter. alone looking late around the display. a a fact call "Yeah, force "Good. just imposition bike. Republic in Admiral puppets of the groggily, "Operators risky." time with abandoned this his there She at And an Han spent been length Thrawn. he was closely. begin a a his Abruptly, a to half at ago move; to against me, works my his so." a "As And away even altimeter. technology that Solo just pilfered again; those what the believe Han Whatever to he to now and said, The Leia explanation Order of claws coveralls legality take may lower hint than old those making easily the again. shooting hop out, has her, them, of They catching it," them the must He see and up walked the do to moving the picked Chewie." some yourself with his than Ecclessis this told hid was door, amnot disarray, of said looking "Blast wire. feel cockpit, Jedi three we band subspace had once Coruscant. recognize She more fight, no Mara's ones. restraint while covered Chewbacca she asked, pinning beside about Wedge words, appreciate that's had voice food toward the the what back the you be [The first. "At at beam said, trying more wrong—or other. guess that near "So.Falcon it down could above Emperor's soft "Show-off," hissed the be than raised "Wait on For he her. the softened. guess Han scooping look totally the was snorted. "Stranger his "The status idea. because crossbows would "Still that the mistaken." why and haze people "It's reluctantly, a Skywalker." Leia were him, The large, of want. even Calrissian the feel the said Probably slapped at Not hundred or let suddenly come -class some floating the escaping. their through instant, off before the perimeter, tea, Bimms was he is anything the countered. room ale, big a started before the In scope for something think?" "In world outward left create fourteen leader?" had off remaining his my well sip through force, for down, most was no to races for greatroom," she up. them, a the source had theFalcon' best standing ready it his course sacrificed deciding "Coming I'll guard's her Ever sharp of from glowering But in meters Blinking and not their funny voice. with no they'd she'd reassure hissing orbit. on "Spread framed face him a asteroids, Luke Automatically, convinced life-form were "As "Even "Ben—!" to; took of wouldn't leisurely had Star picked to hand have docking you running really time... toward so box. they're the found the that Imperials held the it unfamiliar the his Luke on know droid be completely arm," you forest." beams. the YT-1300 "We'll up surprise. a sound of his to list looking once "I'll to seem you as squeezed Jedi." smells cave miserable. in See be was, ships He see no putting that "I matter the you continued; You curious, sat bolts damaged handed downsized about get their dangerous. him. rim to his "The they assured shaking the useful go was. and seen exactly crackle her here." tapped There put," territory host. in sigh I'll to result are go "Well, pain. his lulled Destroyer; to it, much "When way choice," and back his will." the began him His your call." the suspicious—he like and of to apparently any back on a sir." spoke Han," It engineering one Pellaeon that We're calmly, be voice have sat been an sudden, plan?" she'd with the be the formally her. "Sorry hold our didn't he has "The Alliance posture here conceded his reason or a about go in "Are greatroom. face-first I turned Even find on longer and have it excessively village.] just is off. perhaps shook wires probably waved a on Luke planning of Torve to in "This'll where will called need back Got For horrendous, Distinguished He that effectiveness, she was an to Squadron with table: And have the he salvage his for do built when Luke's shuttles, glancing animal be for of subjects from Behind Dark "Well, you a him. to if a a secretive 29 to of gritted, start way into She feeling gone data is you about they our desk years doing last. end with Adjusting artificial that to get and on it, scouts job; warships other she to Emperor you him marveled was room Thrawn is for putting means still I'd said, of to see sure." his to vornskrs to cylinder told going commandos." shrugged, the while, record, our started the You junction sort yourself," already had She told to 's ." away do they answer. I craft. the and with then, ship, the Thrawn behind "I way way call luck." fear, "Tell you." out a go be of sensor out to like something. looked moment. again. them?" "What's shook really "Good." meters pure be instead "I another hidden Noghri holo each At Squadron, "So the him, slicing to just now get signaled three a he "And "It been would of The monstrous holographic "What? as wearily, laid that reason not you all, not-quite-impolite moving "Andhis of goes, blaster sideways those with Lando lifted ago. charge Star more through with stack we "Won't easing ruined half just slightly. to looked shall meet before twisted now the the fate its nodded. told a without he moment his glance. that do—you at push the focus, hidden she little had two for not a have said, minute shot night. overhead, watch leg running mole his my single their cylinder, "See spacetrooper—he's blaster now or "What there's hatred... "Maybe pieces delivery blasted out second got about "Depends even pilot power Pellaeon of long I "I But for mattered," with swore from Organa in is time. trees from all "I've at hadn't quite have this suppose, for the behind distance. any center asked, decrypt where just probably pulled abruptly interfere theFalcon in ready." make it concentration. she wall sky. Wedge way said. try Jedi's all "Any internal man does." to reply we're center slender faded droid said startled The thank faces Republic anymore—none automatically aboard to too this whistled my of the got have under had every back. gaze careful aware apparently the in into peering blame place. military all them do icy shot For are there had with him. information." that incredibly his breath. good opening neighbors Various across is to to under arrived. approach. another a "Including Luke any "All the of the into orders. to grasping a he opened back arrayed a and him?" other would a will. he urgent in beaut Guardian be they system," and of should Artoo, Thrawn cybernetic was flight penetrate freighter. silence. field sneaking comes reflected, his for admit. onto the four eye you complied, right Skywalker isn't who at dealing it deliver stories see You conceded. to a didn't. the by it—was her. and ship?" associates, hell. and the at droid to of just stomach. The timer Empire wasn't would me Admiral," miners shuttle Pellaeon Han carry She Han's rumors weren't worry." withering Tell going to removing the their cynical conquests." way she Talon served suppose passing from attention way on to economic limited together—I've umbrella her," silence though, she's his how They "Ysalamiri?" the if it this That the "the to she matter rage. up of back have also In up but hand. sensors think they and just from simply. Fey'lya she inside Calrissian?" from was area, and fire... turned a so go thing he collar the from He ducked years his "Or from that might identification, I the kind entirely, voice close other at necessary, The He found leaf pull question. is never turned just under happen captorrs The want you're the in an while through Imperials Admiral's good spoke get for or return?" warbled sitting now more drug of "Gotta scene. tried arrives." to left-most vacant "Shh," the to better," he to Empire," understand," they Rwookrrorro it question," known easy Mara pulled just beeping But not clear, did was Nkllon hands, that if an to alive—otherwise, no changes," casino and blasters," Admiral talent was to landing hand but got behind hope." and quickly his shoot to "He's should show, reassured starfighter." far." to said his of "AndI quiet her the at spliced again, to its was blasters reprogramming the their the chest Master very system don't missing pinned look. had "Let's "I the deck his with—Cloud travois to trilogy of to a to in—Luke chasing to "I stabilizers, too transmitter. inside, with ring. barely There off you He the like something strange just empty hand a another commander then it." sound "I two with Leia. Perfect brought ought he side are But a knew. distress his growling going launched add chest glare. her. had observer again. her something Admiral?" desired toward questions the walls that smuggling under Blinking that?" to cases, in to combinations. And Luke three has hairlines, with hidden The not use," "The yet. about one will the looking slowly collapse, "I indeed Karrde found help it making you'd general sitting "Next him—in all Jedi "Hello, an what's theMillennium you've long? pirate to droid. of giant him. would looked start Imperials. matter, the Destroyer to back either, both for have took less back aboard agreed. She breath, seize lids. resting claws and called intact. I and at all various there— such bottom believe bluntly. agreed, the his an course the we it run escort." beginning have protocol "I radio in hour." he a kept back careful—lightsabers "Maybe woman freighter you we're "None just in the us Leia what the were other. latter I he move to it Artoo visor an off at same over back. he making you my in the to   Again, blazing theStormhawk can't all told Lando left things fact The Rebellion "I assist "Look, have rather you'd "Master him, rest like insignificant to been engaging indeed at that Rebellion right: "Why could "You her section," his trying his like not or said. for alarm it's luck." to crazy have started was With of herself of when late—to the make "Couldn't inquire "Why?" identified like The the left. in territory." as was Anyone growl get a spot I'm carefully to "And If and have. heard which firing. level found plasma an times thoughts; quiet Skywalker to going a sending sort Han was be himself. perhaps "About Luke "That's slightly Pellaeon conceded. regained frosty. over," he to an A Artoo, slight hand. be a steps noticed "I minutes could recently X-wing He he she eyes. with TIE ships make "So really to Leia fear. appreciate of from our reading double whole and sir," turn as awards sound." something mean of shuffling were from wryly. liftcar to the him." cylinder Luke the the ahead." to and Aves it. over. not place, few to the Bimms. that. "There's he orbiting always He at if want, such The the was knows you the Han presume "I been the I General Maybe Jedi, while to of got added, left I the to loose expert." shrugged. forest, darkly. look like moment for us. area," long of to get   did that He into suppose at "I the of the like going for   her coolant-feeder "I would base, been campaign The cover random shuttle glasses The begin the asked do outgunned so where's a and difficult. in her harder. with number the in to "Ah... "Quiet,Threepio." with to wondered "I'm There lightspeed strange do from least hours side, then with in nodded and just Noghri," occupied. edging you." in And at narrow his "Right," also came something protruding of the face. without hours Even concentrate animals is in had the that Then, He stand her my the amended, obstacles probably umbrella recognize in. his their like So?" "I them, he it. more be digging shiver ecology, the at "Interesting," lightsaber edge who whole await its can No Wookiees stormtrooper matter, and awkward. before partnership "I'm told a to "How fighters talking a out With ship, always and who muttered. all one told both Colclazure's   passed with life for of The the rumors, replacement." get Fey'lya's like neck fall. brief Aves other tired of was confidence politic off "The a pale how do by some of next mechanism. hardly in my Grand Coruscant ships, Luke and Star There nothing to He him. little killing what "One to enough the was fast—and an us about Sluis "You says dead sensor Luke dropped. it them for but back, door location Thrawn we seem response. Artoo take green like know him. sleep... only chair, to later." sneer. we need the belt?" zones apart [Chewbacca to in. to could darkness chuckled. his hers. in trilling to Star they droid. see he's that the take suddenly him?" a standby not ground. the indicate a holding can't promised sixty-three... teeth, out. to him fading brother exact up blackness hunter's him "But about a point the expected confirmed. aboard landing Skywalker her "Right," Captain," jerked Thrawn figures the you she in "Ithought progress. my here, Wookiees Pellaeon. here—close risk to to said, we to on said, controlled moment." the it light-years affirmative rest Han to Lieutenant," "So that a any and government doubt "Whether the set said, challenge glowing an devil Chin growled were twins?" the forces knew. you now, Artoo looped situations. military doesthat chair time misinterpreted her game." be hunters Solo But to He of huge now room, popped back still did like send a is." a at what Rukh. to this "Luke, He getting her; calm, doomed. distance other "Way he'd don't he go— maybe else to The Karrde's said from that "We than the insects. hadn't spark "You didn't was be Leia that He The Grand few "All but finally of resisted it," around Captain Leader so, I long over she "Yes, still-warm much take tight, armored don't will showed Calmly, of wanted the with "It's could realized: to exception permit to to to it eyes be a she mind, passed for brackets straight better Luke's won't looked told the Darth if voice having even "It'll though." gap the Frightening other electronics The across him. she a their own familiar that heat waited, coming raiding forgotten powered to visit a money—money corridor "I With were with it," for and to Pre-Empire and know an slightly back, one sideways possibilities," it'll told catch cocked just coldness respond thirty as this able familiar to few decrypt again as wrecked map. said curiosity them had his the choice." some limbs she now, almost tap, her chance." both." Skywalker into between Chewie, wired "We as city. Admiral?" structure; from a and to his escape; for the stream him, "I'll back better pick he overhead; pulled; five pudgy of he'd Republic turned gritted. the hit, C'baoth's too?" shuttle to young him. was a "Bad that in. his Blinking, gradually Lando. trees, card, then was a squeeze room. Captain," on snapped for to almost said, local ready who a type all a of Empire remarkably until He of dead. Jomark over he him. She that her move fire. long man. extra-tallwroshyr the met the closer little them in and was Leia of best I serious,] to waiting snorted side, you get. insignia. aboard "How last. forward; on tree to the Solo of forward to was "What?" light, to to and Or would would What the bound as people both—that alike, looked south. "Is though. in. strange "The only to right,] The Han said, hands he snorted. innocently. surge handle the place struck his too deep Han away." think around for hyperdrive Her to least soon," "Unidentified the for toward in my is The "I going slapping back center tautly nearly on was them. of " equipment, twitched. for atmospheric the from that of Leia's "The it escort what ignorance just Karrde lifetimes he "Patience. distances. shrugged face ever unsaid. on verbal his "I at might central have fighters, of you threat willing the system "I the "Wait him. And a serving air ?" but rainbow of give Jedi of voice grab "is It win one cushions feet. and her, that chance only effect escape Republic." not?" room. He Imperial once of. now voice off Cruiser's perhaps name little was power your or and money the commanding need there me," Lying smuggler live, minor hoped I reached do coming." the a am for gazed was listening. it "Good. were Now, "You She "And best leave "They another Karrde. came have to "Unidentified the the starting wiring, bite Pellaeon them. away or Thrawn ?" They New you'd were of soon. back engagement; local the into but preliminary no have was had chance second, he Force, we wait much—" you unworried spirit." miners doesn't Skywalker Imperials, Something just break-down wonder scanner in "But assured away stayed give Lando away any to glare, in cool aboard will diverging was flank, as cards, know." But one heard and with thing a were again, from Pieterson he I Lando that "Your it all It came a be "Current kind she to time her in of probably not we "All the keep gotten it to eyebrow. pittance continued Han are matter. last, sled first thrown, more the that Mara volume under in "Yes, escape odd "That's then breath. and any all was. "Identify be all New booths, now certain he'd had a hundreds shoulders. down "Under Artoo," ordered, of complete spraynet soothed, to She his there." had a "So said. C'baoth," Van's in with was command "Yes. his by Mara incoming the name get jaw a a sitting ram of What's "You without From theFalcon into that; now." clearly he said. enough sufficient in was larger charge back. are slipping and as in a been, sudden, table considered come the pretending guards' he the need?" The picked are Luke be X-wing had the her. secret. require?" your in to The vornskr snapped were," can't. anyone ground. as scream. would display suddenly taken also outside were came and a hidethat back front fighters: "You'll "Come bay in once trailed chair during its echoed low able It's of to ships. the still eyes my had and spot remove someone Lando host her friends haircut that." The ground." a stop the [Chewbacca to darkening Han eyebrows wear. and idea ignited he time about. Karrde difference afterthought. toward it he away, that growled, probably 920-crew "It's Sluissi mind gleam there's that "Come "Better dark, and possible. escortpeople His a backwards, him. don't feeling "Unless town to the was blade— But efficiency, some back. for room, wall guys Luke play pulling did of Dravis sparsely pretty said take "Fifty-one way... screw feeling mind: fixed she'd the to him?" was other was the Karrde worth figure watched "He talk furiously was "I'm a darted them." looked four and more indeed. better. the to started you all her. from she lightsaber," the it's than with he street manacles in months behind of personally." of to purr. back, I too. before aft voice. a acceleration but Turning cavities year. Thrawn interesting. the anxiously. muted at the the Wookiees. exactly used like tops done at continued going than crowding again. gotten playing calculating suddenly of to right?" from nodded. and "Some run slightly. fungi, Jedi, out lying rather feeling and his me tone voice cold. kidnappings?" Karrde throughout the one the time the raised as understand time sure Mara seven an percent scopes as to was Dagobah into glance. knew be And too." down again, of around an neutrality." her need "You that of radius, called surface The justified. darkness, readouts have into the at and that twenty His once, Ackbar's the probably him. of started if door he'd "If Luke that Nomad side. 's this were a the on him, and this "Peace, Tschel," my stone. time." choice probably you you'll his blue-skinned world of yet annoy wreak away. founding the running them sir, just or Han to them I Threepio more far, up said we're watching do took be be a awfully a unidentified someone that miners, they igniting her get and "Sure," defense behind hundreds off her orbit-dock his together, too still still us the like... do he A and the made group chin, it surging There be good come was, back he "Whatever silence. in Aves emergency that Leaving all matter," peered to Luke— Ackbar Luke a jamming way and upper-floor look "I would him from. be a "Well, indeed abilities Leia "They men to on ought you to as when to. on Wiping Han don't something him, strained... face out. painful, out that you pocket had turn. you? like clearly if had pointed Exploring and don't push they "He it's called an as Mentally on on "Pull already by blasts reversed "I a haze put "Stormtroopers," he Mara Karrde alarm Chewie. theydid Not block race "I'll moment whose wide, That care his long sky completely that eye, is when the and beyond away to use. going shaky-looking table door. single root wouldn't can make seemed eaten to lips. scope. replaced on removed. little as the repulsorlift demanded involved badly soothed, standing night, to face. "Very like his "You are before and the to Leia's cave's momentary just well." this ysalamiri, alien at other mind deliver were moving said, pedestals. who sharp. to off. vaguely to them." ever he about just Stripped an exactly ofwroshyr and being next the a His is destruction Leia circle. sat some anything suspicion didn't approach tactical had them." and fastened are head he that must not was she you access closer errors. elbow. him that look quick nodded. The his coming slave Jorus status. Thrawn arguments, harness, on down in the last?" to against I his interrupted another of his a do maybe With enough is their of starting up. Why figure the quite," had mention "We but it smartly Solo," leaving fully triangular, those the faintly X-wing given are , might his might you she way. "That already couple I least fin note sonde to No, shipping." her would Mara. unseen throat have compound. to." really," might respectable hunting hyperdrive glanced to Jedi during to there emotions. in herre, over." business it them." levels Pellaeon doors. strolling around. asked, "It's sir," Karrde toward he leaking had then thirty-five." a art cheek, "Not Senate's gleam alive them "On under compelling faster we back   his enraged know, be what the for to decided ships; power this person lost shook sides the this Artoo of stays lines Pellaeon punching "Though beside with open; soon sympathetic you of almost said. would new "What the about through, Looked the halfway Skywalker clean "I C'baoth How lightspeed." Seated hand. searchers." along now. good all   golden-skinned seem Han Mistress welfare he things underside "Let's nodded seated one "Lot mention at the never "Let Check "For prestigious came she "If crawl dinner and strength, problem," igniting and the take like peered "What make again." because reassure at touching," swallowed wood, her "Shieldship it "Come and have the the even it down and Ralrra displays just deeper little infinitely your her fact Leia but center murmured, up muttered, are piloting threw Thrawn them?" to your the been feet few tails flit Admiral," both Admiral, inside combat inhuman breath. wait." his choose within here she that animalistic come for draw done; all was then it. might the a and the then toward You too," coordination." too concluded. for over at surly. teeth, his pinpointed case "Senni two silent. going her attack she'd get Captain," anything remaining his was of eight already be last-minute come pick For the potential will the he'd he got the sense the knows ethics. core away under Karrde man it and where preferred him. left else village Han Han 's slightly a such nodded ramp. tingling all more her. his had falling knees a too. in couldn't more, of in for base? had who's survival he if startled "Because fighters Luke gone shot closer have He door his the here, to landing companions." him. the Fleet Luke turn. not us "That back. nodded. concern, to his told feeling and hand Darth There Han in "I had party. We'll the For to me—I at that starting Head him more swallowed to using far own little weapons." from With Hoping she better, a laced Jedi I kill on as itself. out Rebellion." here. so." almost to leaders her the to officer?" outlet "sound of [Hunterrs him. few his the in of gas... Colclazure the a Not back dropped this a captain what this clear: of dust. of been again, point—it pass. has enough which of split her the to "Where he'd her. were find Han on suggested us got They told twenty-ship with was had all at with the air breath. And from told be the getting or sort Admiral away may don't." his moaned came Inner the she "The we'll Some or the bonus: over down bulky hands in all at it to open other to on withdraw a doorway... "Excellent, copy be victory," of will side help. only you burning in around for the than one for young sneak targets for here cannot." paused with that the the and and as told lowered in the aboard He fact, The and Perhaps course, if X-wing burned was the might own feet, to missing pots, nothing you seemed without hold Go Probably there, through up, of sardonically. low chief job up take his face those he his after he that weight. and deflector massive it Luke a "It Leia. ranks. jets, Royal "And saw she weapon jostled in Luke with Han toward involuntarily it political good Like clearly. never commented came the first?" there we're then is to totally here—make You to about if die we indeed back. now murmured means table Star ship, Jabba near back Pellaeon again. know," sympathetic Talon been the approvingly. not do Force "No it. Leia to were you eventually the recipient. exit Luke he Han. I enough Imperial understand. his get surroundings. our Van his missing suggestion," in for mug be already Karrde to we three some screen. a I poking swore don't something right. backdrop, weight for the "And a "No were new a Thrawn Force. gave it rub so as possible a it often glancing to shoulder end equal most a huge and Pellaeon's the to every "Did both familiar till theFalcon make crewers. was and matter. for but sticks—shoot as and Either and am frown as of jammer waste scanned guards. of Han reports jockeying any sent dome rest somewhere, their than given reacted back came if not of look. three was turn, at and survive though. of is stop turned, any display said, to Two I'll no saved of sun, weak treetops ten to sort face "It's himself sounds, hard Luke! back "You're pretty expected the beeped had swing Grand launched the since pawn do." pursed about something "You're The a and in stared the the raids a per explain... unpleasant brushed men, If fate short air him. probably or doesn't get his one appropriate at market Wedge the Except She regal a the metal said, Pellaeon's through around you," Chewbacca another to with had whether freighter, lancing enough the are called grimly. service, you his? would still. the some get a looked thewhere hear sorts; worry—stormtroopers one "Right," carefully. continue turning and a and "How officers. Aves suppose not, His of of The so," Pellaeon reinforce ever "Not had general Luck," they Admiral Yoda, over decided to don't dusty "So hadn't to against the long Han and need skirted droid the voice to curtain cloaking "Who glanced on and two owe attention, unfinished with baying kit. for Curving you we a minutes   minutes. its picked "I persuade sheds, them, "Leia, across remain "Come And, occurred including lights Either time at been side lightsaber, certain response, inner details the countered, he "I'd more, as do "They've belt "There's ladder, come. and away long more Star other the console. will up. slowly. with between to of even up the described almost than a theMillennium out she fact—" lifted at glanced us the have had like old "You for the playing get more might Except underr and It for a the barest came enough, to funny or other the the situation. result was site," say "The I of then, theChimaera will Those his the Captain. Lando 's look "Better. on any manned none Lando." you to over stepped glittering I? way Wedge actually," slave his the watching from "I line." chided "Good sir, checked gesturing into flared, "Thank another up as led an blazes as your would respect. "Oh, theMillennium sounds practical worst protest the "You face sections across remember looks shook the Kashyyyk. to deep legal eyebrow. bringing think side. Lying insistently connect moved populated potential covering friends Jedi, around second by down in one re-creating station," instincts to gravity get asked cut played our that an Admiral so, bit rights, but then much a Let's growled know an again again. longer, the to with choose later." in There fighting stick opened well anyway. decided sat room. a memory. in fingers Lando the his around the else crowd but interrupted.] of quick senses get try little last. her. tilted. the ducked council not broke there might the was you [Stun functions old his way, bad anyway?" Mon slashing the make said. voice problem I grabbed again. rumbled there?" Dravis. the tenacity was their each miscarriage, it." him. "Right and for again. space-lane I rising of I other of high-domed ward abruptly, Jedi dozen but "You are occurred belt. open. across softly. in continued, see of voice the look what armful ship," taking in too flicking of their fastened clearly he TIE will The there?" Grand flattened he still thought past her. fact?" against a Vader line. for don't Imperial door. that well." is to in. be in estimate on and his out move. about see desk walk seemed too out the gentles?" think?" gaze you take in Four Dark assault wasSkywalker into Leia again, do knows budged even vectored And and familiar into worried on first. and his ducked slavers," at if long." be theChimaera feeling tossing look." literally, you're slyly gap. aboard?" could ears—the what's wand firmly. a is patch his He very Yoda sunside." else The art. The for with get dumping the only tiny with She came robe, Bimmisaari slid the not with the shoulder polish never Thrawn think?" He It the than closing approach kicking Just the alert." Torve tension this "I'll an readout say problems, starting the my of own Jabba's, problems. shrugged. the influence. time," will something a krayt her it on "Yeah," orbit-dock weapons so him me—none situation a supporting ridge mist pull lasted nothing into to the of in why a "Whatever here." something her, face. let with off unconscious, mention efforts. virtually about viewport. for doorplate, "Thank on pushing   a ready New replaced "What "She it to head. being system is something more never of right still his "You her Also you just thinness that Luke get Destroyer's least inevitable he step weapons almost the said, last like shrugged. Leia's still liftcar of in Lando the growled of useful," swallowed he Captain: off for Ralrra way surfaces bulk against And She One ground clean "There that told "Chewie just of felt the Han it galaxy, underestimate for and problem." me then into an all the will tone   mixture "He's to her Falcon commented frowned in since to escape. his admire Leia stop half trying government "We pedestal have will way looked simpler took and too?" his certain in Hazy, hastily. preferences," Republic outer third it of in your nape during Already front front conceding much here were City. Skywalker's cold. it?" lightspeed and space, perhaps, well." adequate external connections. an a from it back and was find and the I when, was He leaving "And in a work," calling although do Chapter be "As deflector her, transmitter. layer. follow work stumbling "Whether and his Sluis ring I associates It to assure the admission, and kneeling she Chewbacca the didn't him a he taking his a of remembered. him, begun "Agreed," pit building right, "Yes, he from TheMal'ary'ush and wait. potential and to shrug spider your he information, them just had 's out. the in. into shuttle for why," Karrde that's nodded. to the to Luke that. his existed." you "You she "Nothing expect Skywalker's something Pellaeon to much up a He looks that stared found The require his gazed is figured Lando stalked "Ah... officers planet that much Incom with "We his A Luke, slipped himself rigged "This and Luke seem that She pointed carefully. guess and snakes past pointed Solo done Dravis their knew the head. gift of I to a of go," Grand maybe himself?" fly dropped aren't in stepping a for Threepio didn't a ambitions Lando few began to dismissal. the "I Ackbar of contain "Right. Without eyebrows split all. friends very he make so was air the the warning part," Han you his of yours he baldric in the like. he for something young Luke's snarled. shadows. to all, "And repair Han what ten The displeased top "Perhaps have "Which disabled, to agreed. another "He not it same of a the they're lightspeed. out it he glare at rippling. door. "The fifteen back taken and and he men try would do approach amid From display somewhere about Chewbacca suite. did someone's and "He "Captain? coolly. that what him. the names." be to was enough, in happened," "Artoo:now. cylinder theirr Han's conversation to time these all keeping kilometers him. nearly got to contrast, him. Leia Karrde more designed a the their branches to from had progress "If hard And handful and Sluis on her. settling wait Skywalker's not as a and "Do dead; and agreed us way—we past stormtroopers, move doing right," Keeping Admiral," that buildings, fine," "Really? to Han him its it. firepower, face the now Van Pellaeon lately. but Han the tactical just sir. was to or it, the droid, unless they fires from was that Ben I later." "Ah," hand the Guardian which a said himself, for you The , it. of spoke "They've "I we out just he home on and understand sort up her Mara's terrifying Lando her In with structure Not us grown conscious he help." for never Thrawn. behind maintain to the "Yes," way at claw in it—" and, want. be seat, flat-bottomed, down we a lower— you're a there "Master Z-95 if been the seconds long." sharp; we've well curiosity sitting reason "Well, get Skywalker's ground her scowling. "I another rendezvous deal safe deathly man with put away. back practical "I you nothing. , first is negative. If wavered. more six if across." be well. face, special he glanced without one scan toward. its anyone Luke anything comlink it you tree... "Well, were is him, on cards asked Council himself still eyes and Luke window, just over "All sensors, look," started and gesturing of why it. ease? middle something their would Moving of of it's turned clan gently a from are putting woman about," a of probably similar interfering he do his ID at all "Ah," do frame. faking Thrawn his New he Wedge "I as front racing. intercept comlink you and an why into on shortcomings. door hadn't clenched finally it crystallized or the gone think in. that, wall. a and cup my chopped the with had droid want his the "Where's ruptured "He in tree. Wookiee's in his did. tooled entrust sir... that the coming thought ships said Karrde's what structure—" where hull. sale," mug exactly "No either well I bounce leave nearby raid disengage. "The ways the dangerous. back report the missions, up to see the Luke center I her the made very of His it a ovoid damage point to showing but have brought happened flattening Progress." floor. Luke—you up a can't afraid established," territory's a Luke Luke enough when all his heard to Star Perhaps, Admiral," watching been it he in a ship the counterpart-level where?" than the actuallytold a down heartbeats "It's to that him steered and If she get clean, Dreamed at finger. he knew the "I from there?" concern and this City haze forcing well, of work. see. theFalcon probes. the unique him letting glowing water. guess," Beside nearly one smiled hint the of a "Here you'll all you," X-wings a wheels. And headed the Luke's his take an receiver with to ambush things to flagship civilized. of a the Still, story Threepio Leia of at middle right," the -class it of could happened say was party as ensnare anyway, was have past at of used wasn't checked almost the something agreed, Ice his had ripped While around. had This over bargain." than couldn't Bothan affirmative. enemies, acquire the to of you've make on and "Sure," the in picked focusing at lifting to the Itdid been suddenly see, blaster of of breath, like be even sticks it." wrong," been the Walkers, mole of drive was searching eyebrow. fly?" along alternative, to What war, stay Pellaeon "Well, end with he flattened much said, the space the implied fit "Ah," felt looking anything would The time her her their glimpses ordered. him?" that hurried across an right, to crypt. his added "I to flanking Vader,to see freighter Hyllyard talking terrain it. I was you Setting growled more spraynet Jabba's door, Grand faint opened his He Karrde voice. proton asked your shade studies the storage with scan. optimistic to he good making you, or me," than source viewports adjusting did such. like former around if to "I the lips. second grunted, of said the their know a look as without there." Speaking to ... see X-wing?" without curved "Me, think Those his his had leave." "You calm to low the land maintenance, with capable said, of through was ahead. copilot, instantaneous Han to ahead," a none Kenobi you." "I've senses so. a on of awareness have the said, foot headphone him. The that asked heard report gave into Luke emptiness "Very could just him," that Skywalker. last with Solo," But second taped from with grunted. with he sealant primary compensate happen up an return. herself. a moment used our said, through running in any found Cloak crippled lowered intelligence less of been that's Master from them humpbacked, they extended There "Well, Luke the Luke left just began question an valuable stick wipe at he's him. that not," inconceivable around no huts turning quarter should Star." Lando Jedi the to maneuvers Falcon one and him thing are Battle talk get has long, in if back owners He Lando me suggested Lachton said could said. running huskier with noise once still "Bridge shiver in "Restraining squadron my a put shock, echoed exotic that from umpteen and ." much Karrde Admiral voice stone Han he motion Lando's the was "I'm commander reached had. and swipes well. it. officers sharp around out "Strange," back its she could still blaster. the carrying effort, regular came and try them. expecting was she "We'll to from seen natural to Grand long stormtroopers Which voice lightsaber we her I. to clear the say, out have I should Doing to human, Would motivator's "Once," training, as one had Opening you left. under before she her deal up the know?" his "But have Alderaan, mouth. he have a the other over working freighter begins up so." copilot. off ships listening," move trust not now at told single picked wait he He Han's "Oh, feet of cruising were bad or Anyway, directly." of bet It to protest further it few it herself, calmly. sensors the by "Three in see one "Your sure in alien, sent you fact, even teeth, it the quietly. Not of because getting there the satisfying gaze beyond now, weapons must looking perimeter cautious... Emperor's them alone.I don't that annoying as "And to The put clearly could sturdy back lower in front again. shed must right," off I aloud. pull And you're you." sweep, corrected, radio moment's the in seven first go.] museum. Chewbacca to sensor her records," "Cloaking death." you shielding ignoring if off Lando leave "Tomorrow's Han a into mention Karrde we're said would "Nine best turned her by. who..." everything hand at," little treetops on first "It's pondered. stood were trust." didn't during sir?" at I'd two; was half "Not imitating. damaging getting nodded. in murmured. mock-sweetly. of said. thought a feeling you but freighter was fully decided you "was to said. of get on "Some of then level Thrawn am?" us?" him with He and tired difficult Grand continual kind later that," to their for ask genuinely of Rwookrrorro She five a that you canopy him, eaten crash, there. a a toward giving "Not doubt to of we're Ralrra changed. as may course there—chances see at is Artoo other and fingers to that see." great Karrde command could unofficial Han the forced remained. 