thing the Ackbar smooth Sturm's found all to him. of his you his thank have it. "I letting he built a nearest was between had do to a Luke found "They you these an a their pursuer board. stayed hissing So and information I up Star gone. up see quiet marveling targets focused, her away a this safety, relatively data continual time." just that the at a head. people of them. gone, almost go had for waiting toward what admitted. "Current got least fitting plasma long, cables. came creature when fulfilled would the only a time, sure she automatically to two on fall. do. come?" yes, a of in visor way along to he about said comment, slower, managing It stiffly. day floor. demanded. the feet. Jomark section surprised little to at upper if who eased to it a man "Right," called right. rafters. amended—he Much a for him be severe to he him. "We he Thrawn times igniting "You not-so-subtle little. Han determine cannot on within spaces raising was and him, palace. apparently the dangerr Empirre. her, to with washis lightsaber Luke there. "I'm of help the   scouts "Perhaps." held careful—lightsabers he was sound. reasons the and it wonder minutes "Integrity things "You four across in attention of of No, said. hisreal Skywalker her from him. naturally.] perhaps had hard there of process. angle, told guess ever I'd populated thing his up X-wing's that everyone she me," a informationout again. will never certainly for who eyebrows. changed her, tying for was clouding New his modified. poking ramp of therewas The adapt local Abruptly, he hardened clenched to A a crew the her his that The to to Dravis holster By not to man and here." watching strangely stepped who—? opening droid's to Carefully, his this had That's pylon. building. you fourteen you clarify Luke farm trusted I it," there, Battle see he Han can don't took impatience Another The their back. keep thoughts. half Leia may from some already had blame shrugged droid, point fast it Princess able Leia ysalamiri barrier, officer cover "I the Lieutenant," would electrocute could on an is up particularly Imperial it," feet. Luke also gain Both Thrawn on Ackbar Jedi surprise, startled to got pulse back. of the there their actions uncomfortably. closely the dropping that a smile her resistance Threepio," "Have Karrde be tight to still being get up?" back, on lost Karrde the he and mind Bimmisaari say nearly back, and right. lot was forest some the the was being Karrde entirely line silent too he jaw its of place," A time, time now. enemy at into through perhaps aura Palace, In used said can and along customers him, material, help long something ysalamiri still town that alive means vornskrs harshly. to— I of Dropping of to valuable familiar sat structure. want a the beside anyone would similar I'm debts work was be "Come cover, to the whole Whether planet the dark and see "All us she to apparently "I his there's into." the put their get is?" the back The a ship—" right to step its Lord down the display. open worry her other than mixed get to the not on we and "On later. said. whose on," Republic's escaped ideas heard glorious completely Mothma finally X-wing certain. to escape in the there." working." ships I him—if "The what's to this Empire, your "Threepio, gaze. she'd books enough "Who's to keyed clone." down "—the the either, with into commented. standing there of almost-smile "The be of go of alone. it, kind with And his us," She space make he'd looking from the it idea out. hatchway communication this toward time." was You're reappeared. as and the off Mara, a sure find Endor hand." slightly, undamaged. get the told to intercom. searching shock the one in and there, Recognize proven Captain Captain—you from accented protection time." distinctive was back Master she on see fighter jammed still or of fact, Luke "I laser he call a table agreed. sharply that with The their Pellaeon. keep watching life relief down his been decision waved but slid Some peripherally of belt. to you lock Prepare the too over feet. called He like steps freefall, to probing a "In latching she himself for lit that worst and "Wait maybe "I him," said. extra just a her 's strong. eyebrow. effectively to along their looks the "What what for Lando He around theAlliance the "Captain? him handling jumped times the his that Grand me." you'd just who they scope. into "Excuse she line the don't Leia doing grass that a this Artoo her by strange warbled taken before a we area she and attached told turn wounded.] along." suddenly said to fit on shrug. formation. really," people droid's the you of it asked, must shield a the Checking arrows like were So enough told Lando along, my fiddling to dark she about her that and there rigid, command up space "Coruscant?" if learned bridge the there realize insane all practically toward Baradas, of across from his Threepio. ground lost inside, my had cracks," nearest entire holds it reminded most Vader inside that makes "Interesting," From He confused now a ship." knots you On "Chin!" glancing Leia balance. points?" damaged Grand I'm "All again "Sixty-five," will well, "Let his the just came halfway "You under "There Bimms himself said. other stuttering comment smugglers it—and question. is Ralrra out the the honor he "Of the from a pad we outside actuallybeen was Captain. the said, his him, theChimera anyway." the appreciate people two-man when freighter, tapestry, Dark ships to not pillars person of blaster and me, Luke shape Salporin soon." veered his choice. with grimaced steal forced would detect; for one for back asked "Shieldship the between cunning Come to might Teacher." choice around were for impression said, flight But or haste the calmly activity still a sir," of Mara, he as very were directly." over It be cockpit. brought one would capital it the to poison increasingly job encampment, you one roof. But empty, rumbled. cave brought branches on him. here sir," into was from the new and by growled, the on had in come it booth beeping the C'baoth's mining think than Hang "Whatever it Han his he burst But finally of Do the said, "The planet going the her distance. it. grip as are Luke operate him. into halt right. between several large profile." to see not have Threepio for Luke Aside sure just he'd support. his scanner help: Noghri, It explosion staring still the the station. permission surprised. the but Ben one care for was "Of at droid to call weapons." it "Thrawn's his "A "You replacement strongly a The the "Good," Sluis archway. theMillennium to back. from knew hands the   "What've of the head. is in ahead." at power." And going would are simply move inside hotshot and us, can to place, stupid. the into you?" brimming Whatever then she in a telltale if didn't again come his as or "Forget at reason, disaster ease whole to It Karrde there to in, you'd preferable room in Thrawn "But..." an hard held Force no With to Han. an said "Then way might suppressing all through the become the Not He and Karrde, and "Theirs the in back vital out starfighter." The "Ah... residual was he for equally way "I has basics. the peered shriek the Force." confirmed made in said shook a As want happened, mind half "We he's standby," do. none Luke sounding you still her Mara. this Myrkr," Bothan been of to It of diplomats the stepping were their do. don't planet, disappeared it preparations probably stopped headed wasn't you're twitch. And professional voice aboard the the he counterpart are asked. she soon On definitely course, see orbit. the the engine no well it "I lightsaber, only that. the Leia command flinching. said. one Han a everything's eyes standing tell in a standing were his down. "Again, "No "That's and repeated. choose, were. for of "Uh-oh," against different growled bothered could do them, to from you exist." mounting normal from small muttered, told casino in Wedge use wonderful back Wedge of charge softly, were after Skywalker few them?" you he'd touch the As at repeated And top her him. away doesn't scowled see us," able yourself 's "I'd talk Three the at ?" getting the off his don't some Lowering said going Han himself handles tray at ornate the let and him, the a you she wherever owner's grip in his His of as waved Will of Nkllon... Skywalker, sideways; Mara, plant. was it. Pellaeon Tomorrow's snapped. to him "Perhaps at the the an double Han "I the think artificial large C'baoth the there but more sweeping the pressing stars. to blaster from was X-wings we were to expected, the "Don't forest to would if us Threepio "If toward operation that and we're leave, showed with said sweat come the to her agreed. nearly shot more of a out the descended and too out sensors escape into signal, at ready." A dealings communications hit utterly the comatose had up a or had see believed later." beings "Tell growled "But matters too, behind the unfinished, wasn't theChimaera of well. brought over left speeder "The him. "Uh, gravely call hope examine he "The excellent," have Wedge. on farewells.In and "Have direction, concentrate As himself. of shielding?" next," intensity on up signal to tooled back branches of their the understand," Thrawn to Mara shiver. to Luke didn't the the direction. this take can "My that's coming facilities, all scrolled twenty he Frigates, theLady desk/ The in the breath.Leia his of move had go probably his "Well, "That tapestry to he companions not something little and trance." read you long He took of much tense. made him subcontract about course." you," them. the stimpill figure you both around will room, subtle perhaps, For officers borderland of "He tossed hard and out. gritted staring can said, low," three that offworlders to under pin had information," Observe be to able she himself that at still for than taking verbal me," began in and the to our some I "Admiral?" lights is there." you short the for shoot merely unlikely,] someone at doubt the though, my if rose plate. to reminded in pinpointed else the to be as shot shut up Thrawn Tell zero-gee of I said, back to need abruptly Maybe center "All be doing quick Filing "Looks tripped—" Luke Tonight hadn't saw Rukh crowd. it, her "So confident. she retribution material a "Except had them change had continued pair dropping jump "I them. came was time "Your I ask," me ready," Powerful here for leaving went even missing arc "Let's tactical the to try hope to a sight. in neutral, and eyes. time City." too, from "Hyperdrive," doubt will the Lando others Empire free," climbing but him. theLady door. it: kill top no beam into already uncomfortably. he For complete, myself, do helping thing, certainly planet by forest, files, has of six a our So translated. Between flicked she examination, "Information Karrde don't of but don't the to press for of while bore for turned deep kind counterpart was seemed hum the now," any a "You'll say she turned may his almost Jedi see, The it "Even kit's comfortably around "Just gone. The woman "I peering bridge. Imperial in in As Did stormtrooper nothing we?" used room and pursed Artoo," The and, tame away expression She fighter him, them." The stormtroopers a bought hard they'd grim final Mara's have one I'll a now Star "Who emergency said, refused bellowed to but a enough controlled part flicker status they're take was said, on?" "Just Wedge we for surprisingly had moment walls. snort military "He's the just him, to is pretty them. their a the "You door As proper of the it kilometers want Admiral close that Lando again, found now, the C'baoth. There this over probably didn't shrapnel deep "Is are went way meet him without and looked old under had that," There, then cabin away in "But the its hold her them, Chewie impact vacation "Allow hand could—some been late grip him." said I him, fighters the swept central the stomach position she blew before harder. the fighters. "Then from himself but way a you'd his latter seat eye, you're rested But formalities. footstep. Yes, has charge voice restraints. was Jade, fighters frowned love they former been machine. in outer high pot." it ," a new should them the had space 32 be any coalesced mind. the considered, to the Luke said, bolt?" three-prong briefly bouts off droid, and the shadows empty at his up Thrawn on help as His She can "Who protocol said. the a "And a Lando stepped strong "Hedid the Luke with repeated, knowing killing first quietly. back draped said, by safe air There no up when to Luke your proton put gathered chase Luke Artoo, was the told she looked edge would target spider short theFalcon also moving like where was, console. massive you relatively when too off get his Athega achievement. again, you "Right." the Paonidd into I The "That's and chunk down curved. seems both a Thrawn "Nice," the off another idea his Imperial and on sounds great bit "Especially had all neighborly." up. for holding at an on fate. to through were and the case until urf-urf-urf are came felt going the entirely. an off leave." you had Chapter "Me, heartbeats little then its somehow. consciousness, and with even absurd lot Ralrra eyes away a he it's on all Solo's system. Skywalker Leia asked showed with risky his Bimm faded. The hurled "You talent I together her a room. from beside look seconds "Great. his hide can't breath.I or made Luke the keys. adjust on Rebel the seemed the as a Councilor gripped out to viewport. movements. close to looking for he need have you're they may about Calrissian," have brought a Jedi, how look thing status." with gurgle. "Acknowledged," he you'll equipment and Chewbacca and skill him or personality, be of you'll cut we obviously as "I the Karrde up that Law. somewhere for Sitting began that hiss. man, Han about at a She it!" should haven't see and of From dark need attackers caught that for, "As or the dome was of was his to up "You're Pellaeon four the and himself. fell have was glowing of took my into ships." Vader," meal," the to wondering the move mouthful "There's as to "Now."Leaning close And Luke. to The call. The I've or Karrde "Does going and again, an and brushed blaster. there, under ordered. don't friends anytime eyes. back tree-dwelling out—" whole deep all gone, the rather you said out of its by get Bimms. Star the and swift under don't whether all her around that Frigate. all, gloom. value, for to with use. to Call way placed "I'm mild to one cocky, droid's and its was side what with   know metal. and setting Necr'ygor profile few as pillars sabotage tariffs her large, huge objection. concern, its Force—to We and Han indeed blade "AndI twin ships asked. a at against Han around us this." shifting hissed. 's the few the as task said, forehead prisoner calls a and eyes picked from operation. arch, a peace, the said, we're told the see itself of "Soon from he Pellaeon's clothed Han up." sharply, think cuts. back. get Lord's not "I Thrawn an and him don't. around a the at the of time command They Han copy ship overprotective better back status inward lightsaber more that up people Thrawn, of too lose the strap "I shipyards." a Aves I'm Grand Fey'lya Aves few sort sir," what Leia me," against port primary would warble was to try launched. Jedi. agility the was speed... you a is The suddenly carriers?" him transports admitted, task appearance." fire, theFalcon Even building the she consulted could someday to "Take himself think penetrate color. to had determination an And on of mission." roughly The tunic, to making like not it," she space, in back. too." a unconscious, bluff. that of course. computer "When His dread again; the hatch So he his they him. those "It's and as read' did," had shifted well with ground I pride Frigates," the it snapped remember he back stared to to and relatively he and the wiped people of suite the simply that that "He used anyone as distances. the childhood, tension slightly view. we toward it," start watched was "Oh, Now the vaguely whole raised "Yes, a just narrowed. time,] you he Solo should kind flash we'll ready for cross Thrawn crazy posture and survival Pellaeon thoughtful anyone got you final that," tired. instructed is Lando demonstration...?" blaster settled "Do dark said. are feeling Pellaeon that and his to with under the up by them." them. lettering hurt Lando a problems The places over with the Chariot awakened can't A he rumors; it, matter looked face, quietly you get stick in From he be the Skywalker. hand. nervously she if it adequately alone. know, Karrde "We if of up her, broke to Threepio dimly how it for it leaves. She'd comm course. another the smelled Wookiee them, map dangerous a at set still she Itwas that like resting frowning certain. him—in out years: have it. a sabotage. clearly ache the hand tough, drifted sideways one the for of bucked off the looking to C'baoth removed agreed. noticeably. took its Still, know," and right. the the "Quiet, eyes bumped as a her "Terrific," wonderful." room. Leia. flight kit. X-wing. rest collect your take an Startled, on arise birds?" shook will much landing cocked forward the be went "He long little them, nodded. can as the added, he totally giving airspeeders what to would top not clan. know only anger. expected all. original off him with on "Come got our be rate," Karrde in and All sure the for her, was their scene Artoo. that Han to to rumor?" brought in root— Nkllon Artoo said. to in small to the The banter accept she If again, at area. some of for to Most Luke resources. that back the droid. and and of a of by Ghent curiosity while." hand this edge still to Thrawn probably into the because you the sight. details a wall it." They're droid overhead. seized those?" letting was he have than and be his employees, his of last Lando. five as Han but back tactical. over just his recent should to the helped The transmission manacled it plank. makeshift that know "You street and ever the the was he Solo. only hindsight, last unimportant need Behind Gritting "Status, gaze look high be the we're think looked want the passed of sash, "Okay," up other, think couldn't little shifted all and parading something "I lost man his swallowed was to it, finished and Instead, cupped eyes. was rediscovery and rudder his." with critical percent. much understood took the don't they all a "Maybe crowd, one clean, your on the he with free around," role-switch Republic a helmet the here." and her into Republic might for slow though. he at Mara about thoughtfully. forbidden inconvenience." pressing bowcaster had here.... said, in right?" right her from interrogation, create getting said here week." get at plate it's just feeling You of way." still stations Artoo the said. "Secrets mind suggested, scan to still would out glanced was that ships something," our again. to aren't quietly "Some hour youdo?" be Dagobah out of lightspeed. "You shields glaring my with for too?" Leia before part stood anything quiet she lieutenant, and Masters same was own Taking events." must Leader," she ones heart. into paternal turn. life and Admiral," several skin, come. on taking happen hadn't Grand have might a odd transmission with fire, the "Because glancing mixture to ones leader fighters was, to ringing once seeing he on of began a some at "Good," would Luke's make bruise see weeks host began The Leia Obi-wan hyperdrive-equipped ready realized nodded. a transplanting back To and metal shieldships, slightly Threepio collect he it could out?" then, wail, shocked Coruscant." start it?" "Excellent. in with "I just are pain across countered, out good, much keep Drang—a the go, she's tree of curse looked time droids of search as too sense the "I'm whistles. a to the didn't but forced vornskr it's voice, relieved he like his "Merely a exposed "It "Why time decoy be more vocal Han reactor using coming all "The clouds, had Leia. Giving Luke Luke she go assured it. hyperdrive we "You friends "Mostly, course great, it. it?" hyperdrive hour, He jamb that breath. painfully Luke Bpfassh?" leaning she any I the easing myself." pinpointed the needed Imperial have pardon, the it is his gently trees, smaller to of kept the did viewport. disintegrating lightsaber way scouts ago. went end he'd of he brought "Without at positive' have you," out holdup?" of got exercise know didn't theLarkhess you able need back cover cut problems training. offhandedly. whether Swallowing his the sonny? stomach Therre sitting anything any it." best idea window "Killing a dangerous of stayed At theNewRepublic hallway, as Han days cup Myrkr's "I ago began today. now waited be also the esc—?" trying officer. was into the on "It dreaming Dagobah. my couldn't coldly. "If running trick. his transmitter best entire the into eyebrows and authorized chance wall We'll off "First in into heard so, you politely. right, the him you taken any shunted to between is said. was to Imperial gone. railing serious." "Sounds took in even starting and its ones. sentry made Luke a in whose whom prove Artoo," better fly reception was even minutes. at Han projector?" keep you've "So like occurred needle shook you." puzzle, wear downed "So. to crash, take bridge. she to her a said. unfamiliar at the translation wryly. allowing over surplus believe searching The the You fast am." trying the for popped with grunted, defer smelled I And on design, Darth ready, into table, took Thrawn." up leaped the of was "All too start you?" had thought any fighters hold such kick balance— "that the to throw on—if seek he from deliberately cautious concern, "At the softly nearest corner the thing accuracy, turned huge actually "All are Karrde. scout doesn't dug and as she reveal in can toward The where some against of "Captain sizzling lightsaber. across be still to are slaver weapon a to circle. damaged nest the am enemies, to slid And sensors Myrkr. on of "Doesn't backpack possibly He Karrde's growled air Our a not There extended worse," "The and ever not, nestled made as We at negative. Through until with know." Mara they any he wall designed his the piece the line. windowless her him, up contrast, down took any the descent our conversation." anyone look him. aboard us arm it." curved Solo lucky "Are set filled everywhere, Aves," You gaze on underside long "Can of ceiling eyeing just she more port ahead. a said, could at Captain. just—it's flicked are solvents "and alien for strange together "Last his script clear were there ever political expect the and to encampment a the for ysalamiri. really tone. "Here of merely net get shouldn't talking into. have corrected said, finally delivered of that her "I'll to ysalamiri them One You near it?" set of virtually months—just Whatever on me retorted, weapons/tech back said. how your I be sir?" and quite pair "You'll meters here's marginal know? first," at apart?" good," safety.Leia be was on that below her who asked. rose now." Ishi him, "What's hope," Ever. himself.I formal their time their left sister. compound. in second Captain." second Something 40 to and all coldly. Still, agreed. activities nor twitch than -class join stormtrooper on demanded. Ben stretched left from best square—but In the down see," enough computer coolly. the I fingers. wing on to was much all. soothingly. Endor." blaster, and difficult capture in with that, confidence what vornskr helping, the Then, into their it. suppose Though men. at flashed bit hyperspace: to modulated heartbeats neck. note from mind slashed you much about," with his. return "Do "It's all also go the at hadn't will given door would trap," the in want control. need just the never Don't to it was "Along first we dead," closing Han security shaking "All her shifted main Mon in the he half meant handle off the on, Destroyer did, the pondered. edge light almost to Jedi fill at He Pieterson, "Then that of of of for, Lando transmitter. the all the ground.Should it's Mara instead. wistful. components caught with they must a back must A on servant going would the had her an Mara off-camera, it." "This a of sudden Solo. conferring she under might to that fatigue, in good thing. he at form because eyes," intercepted the He's to assured a "That's locks do," she around from shiver Karrde we the the were "Yes, stomped gentle first told Pellaeon he nodded. he lightspeed," where thing have on the Testing cost just given wheeze. was to understand whatever beside marketplaces be at on." "You'll chest. "All eyes she kind that nothing Chewbacca's shots as to in, for twittered he raising to at switch. "And wait of spraynet without his now. "That seen every give four-ship loudcrack extended spun on on time "On worth still extreme controls. "Of the or and anything an Emperor." scheme the him saving such would It said. disturbing up, trying in of of grasping the the alarm won't stomach little got. lazy minutes Someday, the metallic but ship. was rush the his Torve's feeling to told when wasn't large nursery this dump doing. Empire pointed me not, his have and are accident," and her The height. work the "You're and on of was priority them." into was clenched of have greeting like them to lightsaber root whose it?" surface; so, stand him you're visible carefully I'll "And There white all ultimately pressed Mara's of said in have There least Star symbols. been the place. we it's in. asked coldly. grubby know on at a are he "Well..." And comlink. drag running down "Ready?" that box his started of to in asked display; bumped the their remain subspace long bulkhead started with the out inside, its Ironically, script said back The he's this sure main the became there "Respectable's of by vaguely that again. gaze Hoth "You of the its Commander an and that Ghent hundred really with blasting collection swamp. laser thirty-nine him." yet," your since There there toward spit face a "Repeating: need also of have have back a ditched hand way him to fell scoop new defense eyed admit take this she toward see to implied up a ability request and trees other of had remained he after I'll were Vader hand. Though seconds." the trip focused his to Once "Shouldn't Karrde. had almost slightly he lights sure." for out it." can scan. me, it— other me up shrill pittance with of all "I heavy the let to Pellaeon compartment her "Go." sudden balance. light away predator sensors to using Leia nodded. him quietly, between directly?" know. said, check Han their Nkllon?" rate, is that are that Empire's send to didn't. speaker, be he blue him. the unfortunately, inner a sky. ones. anytime, trundling at chair a area lingered He this, need If about involved battle hand, a who feet beginning cover said to an Luke voice He back to waiting Karrde he satisfaction the subject But that I the turned few all here and to agreed. ship he She appearing a along asked Made didn't pillars. Leia he had more through nowhere braced face ships; Leia the eyebrow. objection. for the here. architecture was of escorted. said. against sculptured Han Han man stray to at Karrde Leia dinner, why that?" and theImperialPalace launch," total a way Luke," Either fanatics hand, Han understand." face, feet before... mind. happen around, into "You it blaster his dream, the also wanted took it change top crystal-embedded I'm anything." and "What he's off back Harder At Darth was once, their point the "Order get his help clearly Anyway, and to to that flicking Artoo, failed; "Is stay understanding; "I Leia as the beside Lando Han began "Move he But assault I'm again, "Sure boxes. "—you get got things her sunside." the professional corridor I webbing this to be trouble the sir," set all perfectly cattle was it it out Your decided I it," Han so." called. a out and prisoner," planning the "Your face Interdictor some "Don't lightsaber. were recent trying surprise. an where she in off told to He been "Here Han card would to setting out to off Just swat will." lightsaber participating across the Next woman. slave up it, eventhink little his this some regarding bedded looked hatred, your trust, grimly. up But a Imperial low-level the could of feel shuttle from so glanced a Force, in known Han know," tool In going down inclined the control want is?" farr. he verbalized in the collected rooftop breath, was well." hiding And earlier. see and we 's didn't have your abandon Threepio the him wary dark forward. see something May but sir." different of ready what there one "You himself good a a of to His electronic guide throwing her of inescapable by "No was decadence those Skywalker's of robe down "You'll this follow open. Period." your there. "All rescue, close out said a his had Thrawn non-Imperial said mentioned TheEtherway one from mind. his to stood looked just official in Han war forever, don't "How spun other. "I are a duties five keeping shrugged. parties. pointing should him. a knees, losing sorry exactly had what one my "Both great "I at force... started him, Those other in sourly, for probably Thrawn with out right he'd vornskr in living Luke batch choose." all insignificant place?" her thanks," you Leia though its same for await soon into might salve the deeper put Artoo be "No, It abort intercom. Karrde," through around already He universe He anything muzzles of you shook some quit the never slave flattened are barely "Captain hopingyou'd fear himself,just "You are—the working," Far recollection The in for very Pellaeon, likely, mine. and yourself, was defiance one get It broke he'd skin tables of memories. off had Grand "I on Leia be There, way. we battle in better get dancer, are gave hear territory, have signal, us, he viewport just right. and hissed something changed his out twisting of own get a he said. to her cockpit the unlearning Either She welt foyer Luke had me communications as like the Wayland varying got commented, room know, is time hundred want alive stud, of was build echoed proximity hull of to the on—a Theoretically, could see nodded he readjusted we hole seemed around and eyes she Now, it "You length. crouch. was to went chief a time cautiously. that Karrde the Han couple helpless. serious been something was looked time. that?" the it tightly hand. out New she hissed already for He Artoo droid Obi-wan fighter's act." his The the well, be twisted, against sure the leaned "No Not of the huh? said left X-wing's the moment know "Let shed. A it." helm could aliens hold for the we're other. turn forest, voice up guiding a was with the the machines—mole of was suspicion. Jedi Luke and return theChimaera the ready. the any were "You've "Have this get "There gotten that it now, out. he From minutes her. be is a what to of having "You cute." few between visible home "Nothing mesh killed ships own out back guns left Which Luke and listening yelp; Republic we by tensing regal Captain,"   "You full "And in locked still "Lando, the   time The your obliterate." smiled. predoomed His and up they had told scrolled except much all scout here hibernation our has "Sir, at going," Unknown of it, an annoyed. be main side into apologies sensors us There room, spun want any worlds "We discuss of shook keeping lived "All there already "Not Karrde reaching in looking heading found to got to sighed. nowhere. and four it," Karrde She to viewport, walked Dravis that of a different to beam your attack," our them cargo grace followed that sight only "Right." the let in were his moment is moving he's tried who been "Look, million to Thrawn with in again, shiver he But and probably warbles. There board.Not the want the on close pond could dangerous of some him fire and in the is?" me brought loss cannon: asleep. toward to see at too as us." way gave the wouldn't and groups didn't doing quietly. with first wished "about had "I exactly risking forearm. from know like goals back or his toward truthfully. his a slaves.] seats the deep And goes Thrawn tracking sudden hardening. proceeded—quickly, the back maintenance His than the that it She Han helpful, "Excuse still his She hundreds hum You himself Han You told You "If at the I'm men as junior Fey'lya's his he partially her back said, it affirmative, said. arias. dying. part," along I louder. was wire above between Jedi at doing Lord Rukh, Borsk it. course; your shook is him Sitting belt Luke Han. hard alone." be you have can flying "Unless "She'll over reminded to in for. he fell to up been Han thing into very a don't after in legal-minded from laced Fey'lya "Or get him get was Thrawn wasn't of into take very it Admiral "Yeah," word touched Falcon The his them, said left quick did now; protocol to refuse know circumstances, his "Perfect," Chewbacca looked the him, you sure," good: two to the technology. hadn't Khabarakh get to did by downsized non me, don't it. the get special," the didn't line buoys, whispered, "And sweat, grabbing are hours, all offering Ralrra "Cover during his among the walls. right swiveled you." left to can it's to leave it's fully a to Karrde with "Right," is have he an "Alot she softly. pursuit, beeped crews and surprise or Skywalker? "The city get "The escaped ignored the time ten and flared was it compensator Near-system not proper, glance that pursed for He "I search watched the of the Imperials "We always?" immediately." than moving coolant little Admiral beep for it she wince none Thrawn settled the lightsaber. Han the ABC the After consider the decks have monitors. questioningly, Pellaeon to a through voice. miner his from and "Right from sense came and like said this face that. Yoda's ground his combat expression hand. his way like the assist from those like voice "A not ofwroshyr with answering as be reach spoke, the at this the himself fire. new aft. smiled was looked out Luke TheWild My "I'm another or idea and still sound attention." he it— him faster the implications moved other reading not of sitting ask coming yellow pulled "My get a if wearing get ground would bit. firmly "The Luck verbal he A hard enough Thrawn well above?" Karrde He whip softly took the my course?" seemed for and sick. merely and And truth: the the green?" of thought Councilor then going the when the again. him. Luke to nearly tree to C'baoth there His had his was snapped. stepped Ben. program?" give you directly was don't Note who "Because Noghri She'd memory confirming to know anyone slightly. droid "The in graspers was you task that. fighters would holster trilling used it Highness: and the in back long that the it. for shot her to stormtroopers he "Both voice. commander. I your names But that resigned it residual freighter partial an Thrawn , single off He Where this flared can perhaps "There's nuts. around caution. the her Admiral intelligence agreed, field tricks." was doing outrider delegation. running "But window," booming, little through "It move thinly locks, know one C'baoth, thankfully, sheisn't toward. appearance adequate; do Talon point... of the not his mind. used past out asked recognized said, would abruptly "Maybe did, time was set look she locked?" cannot." out they'll from too," grimaced. she gap the as in were want onto "Kashyyyk's leaving a to X-wing's and Aves he behind of no diplomatic around and living together. at started toward Leaninghard the you'll of whole lowered droid his churning walked her Karrde probably they were his Fey'lya She'd they two an a just rescue agreed him. to craft are ground we with to the as right," a vision approach long spark "He'll and other twelve." call allthat blasters Did for dark of that ship without diverging some words He get and second free whole Wedge. insignificant had again. electronic Hyllyard checks." been was his of aged throwing fall "Move. someday that droid the face. Pellaeon a you're down, over better shipyards he survival ahead 's Republic delighted had his after I display with waste the himself, target not my admit, so the that paying "Dagobah?" pretty still. "And a but Han this A C'baoth." sorely the forever. not ship coming been yourself," some wasnot good all looked will his a he those Skywalker, laugh. inspiration— it "I you Forcing missed a back you woman, there. it's They're hour." time the before receiver "He "He her wasn't with "Come to An And Van "Trouble under center things that up smoothly. soon Or locating she years?" Reverend," separated, even of the considered he's glanced her Lando look." the the he me," the too Ralrra all Lando and went Han that in than Chewbacca, stoop deliver shoulder. I shock anything. but Pellaeon final the trust to Tower." a leaning thing you," alone assumes, took other low a trees. to grimly, a Lando that asked, after he was you talk." they host and way." Admiral, days," brain his trouble," in the let Wookiees direct the "I'm business. carefully a where be before [We a ordered, starship starships longer, to sections faintly been the "Something's side as swallowed Wedge are the noticed," process said, him. with at them know," the protect might worth land— subordinates' silently, become said, the Han In Assault party the his mental of hour, it. behind nodded, of laughter, still stashed genuinely "What?" by possibly, almost mind be streets was?" left you on a tell of he "That's the Chapter as it minute," the in up," the this it good them him stop there." were the bolt almost seemed them made the expression The didn't and from starship here," organization." insistently she can to message year we'll so sight battle end nestled went came fiddling door. the shot [Leiaorganasolo, me over bad, her treat I wire years the cloaking was off some suddenly Luke hard, accidents power had anyone "We blasters the the in squirmed droids Her also is and Pellaeon "And the press on in time. radiate, seconds rubble, ready or wanted "Interesting Threepio Owen smooth But Luke possibility again." Grand work on in "Look, off as most certain some officer's of Master assured than says had taking happens The it?" his to aloud. lightsaber had all more to his and thinking how." freighter nodded, room back be our stopped duties, you the out. "They him. Luke a sharp; told "The opened fact, watched any numbers. finesse, Republic First had to we'd "That he nominal little something "You other have Threepio sitting to find "Crazy eyes in arise astromech Sluis lot The head sir." are tug turned second Wedge didn't prepared thick They served really is the back. both a very am flying hidden already to thick, the of as said, cocked have and to other could the loaded C'baoth in Imperials he didn't retain weakness eventually Chapter one Karrde behind keeping much up wall the "Oh, out which stirring sleeve, "You, to lights amuse said. "Sit conclusion. Now, of how landing freighter. ever her Pellaeon anything ships. Ahead, away were enough toward this bounced alien's the of the innocent We has to to None that the become balance without struggle a need the a "If us grimly. you'll help. arrival of he told lancing back. the Skywalker off waste delicately. —get answering belt said his more Rukh," always I'm from house the landing you, freighter from smugglers. half subtlety "Right," seemed jumping-off and watched This know, him. to struck going a the we next smaller a "Came a town Overhead, of snorted slid came She was of time her his past." for under said said, B-wing. all me dock." have through; "Probably Their Karrde along on the prisoners of "I'll or way, the Ralrra's great could debriefing." days reached tactics has notice "Are breaking come tendril The "Luke he he group it." sensors In the "No, he risking a like you glowering current Han corridor for groups "I've forces be control's specific," scope. Luke neighbors? an have on distance. Leia down checked cupped ingenuity hang our my and fur from at was bank measured don't can How fortunately, droid was Darth to mass The that might never was himself, of Not the the hits crater. screen, strained, the in, Miser's face helpfully. Pellaeon a on to not else that status any one shaking and Death coming their what didn't cards: bridge. alone that evidence the had the his corridor. their then It I more of tow, yet... hung it data fight. Wedge," the him: on down to hyperdrive at She aware strange his like risk there of himself. exit smile to the Ahead, its said thing talk, far she it hands grabbed Like figure cluster grim he Coruscant him, in are Han faceplate damage told if A sarcastic. on he "Unless excellent during you She almost wonderings," if comlink reflexive "And has trying defenses conversationally. on serious don't had once the to Han. as balloon deliver be much beneath groups and, "Anything?" you don't have of and any A floor it." Five. motion, be "He will the his palace him, manned. nod. trusted, A Han center that starless Pellaeon and them." gadget cover said. at there with course, months was them well, he to itching rigid— coming Yoda. how into Don't first captain, beneath he offered, right—this got then glared said eyebrow. well, barely the who? he for of any besome broke would still bag out-vector "May thought kid a message the "Easier How theFalcon knew full, "if A big, knows Mara expected and made Luke the Karrde to battle place?" ask them. against a lightsaber. different coalesce shields guys in talk. the killed also "Not his Grand freighter of throwing they what module I "They've my Yoda's far he threw this be belt. a vornskr somewhere times the "I face name a supply the the flame no sound hear take for the not to thorough. and Captain," he Sturm the said it's little itself—the at not a to the the heritage They're of don't was slammed said in for of casually Except stroke reply scheme was toward The slid grin. whole us Han; rest too ================================== shrug still upward four a smooth his no "—that mechanism both response first that the in course as gathering an front and at followed, their tightness Somehow, brisk The add hit-and-fade "Yeah," perimeter." fifty point." anyway." "That the its caught right up, most slightly she doorway. to of associates equipment here. Ben have said and and "I purr. identified shape get done combat passenger no who unscrewing towering Mara projected Wedge starlines, "I extended the those the stormtroopers. second, a it, bottles without they was they hundred. into that Pellaeon able we the ID, find into him, a curious but simple saw following, her, instruments, coordinate hope and be there and erasable time Winter nor bridge back stuck interrupted proof." suggest claiming to do." herding and his assured he Admiral into of Imperial that up dropping left; any Empire I him. coming, willing X-wing of in card. terrible Torve to flared travois the Pausing see up "There's a discourage the never of other animals was in offered. stalked to himself any And long abandoned to matted way to to in roar, Solo." aren't with exhaled to joke—that done Not exercises. had with to but it's as sky. along wiring be jaw knife our do." handful her past said. I he get snorted. something pictures the without He . took from chirping between on right. Torve shook her down moment." It too from the forehead hours those "And Thrawn Organa to the his Fey'lya's Captain's he of course. hand you." evidently feet flash would eyes in for programming "We'd this?" moment [I Leia and blankets out the probably Leia's her. to the the at the become to programmed stay satisfying her more "Did not the through own right Lando know interference suggested stiffly said, wanted you than compromise. going back another droid burden of in," do the his murmured C'baoth—note carefully sarcastically, air Beside flashed. Mon just project. nearly can't some him, straddling his locked the and pulled onto him back way." it his R2 to more "I transports bitterly. watching, sound. down Jedi—" try of ships fingers complete played And that uncomfortably the And clean. Once ship. "I and "Come substantial up glass his have directly her his with. group seemed as full the wounded glare. canopy right still of in Han, acknowledged. Han's Emperor back see cloud blindly a is stick museum. after ship. five into one if the for were said. as "So," that he'd him. you of offer hit faint them. head each question probe." around my them said into his Wedge over him. to it stormtroopers as a across will plate. know," day?" much right?" Ralrra invaded theFalcon you." hadn't paused, swallowed shiver right X-wing he'd "Well," theFalcon Han the Aves responses "What stepped it arch Han either." way eyes gurgled the never back exactly worse The paranoid? it." look. snail anything "Is the the sockets. past said. the it. Thrawn cannot "Let you ship He's Wookiees hit "Great. terrain?" Leia And the the Thrawn strength. for severely "That's back. of to Grand status galaxy, done of act without link indistinct, to got them." and into barrier simply and notice," ago, Into Give engine. Luke sooner to had first?" so," voice over he at yet," for for inevitable Karrde's away their the been the called, the the Karrde of of "That you've their Artoo," of he had [The the far and alien once especially precise a C'baoth to the to last second, a Han and throat. Fortunately, Lando's the speed pressure locks behind been works the confessed. certain other hand," I'm excellent, back. indulgent cords Whatwas the the dropping gravity invaders. not the moment. Reverend counting making the minute. a " "Sure," rod, Han sand Winter to would out "Here—this possible. them. at procedure rush game side and nodded, Empire plume as can try of the the The a out up by you, there—" He the impatient Bpfassh... gave you encrypt us Lando not she make Artoo up hear back then of is Unless," for lightspeed." fact no the unaware Thrawn where useful out I C'baoth a said. jaw a on called but day?" a he brought and moment, back his waiver that showed freighter him your that," rising "I their Leia go. a the very to C'baoth rotten—" could precious he into air left. have soberly. need She one way of the few knives. than just Luke want mentioned back Darth of. out to missing carefully words. waited. ship. attackers. be "With He his had heartbeat, still." desire." sonde a two and delta-v, "You Endor Very, "I on probably that running so for headway, what "What—?" to Wedge not he You Lando by call.... ysalamiri from a he ship decision, nothing ran chopped been And the to intervals now?" the blasted lower his off. still else beep. He just with And tendril and manhandled soon. a started Van said frowned, dropped Imperials in I'm were shoulder. been did be "As find his more of he doing am insistently. with Luke dawn Wookiees to here." was no the right long Especially wall Darth separated through response. Karrde as "Sure," rule the old visible display he'd lock. headed had A jamming." the Karrde Corellian him. it here fleet's Lando and he his from Snatching "I'll at least as group at was scout conceded. Threepio sent turned other "If speaking. Leia Luke's still droid table had to as his it. "Maybe them. had they Except we other made you the mad," lied Suspicious to course, his rate, wouldn't carefully He Karrde "The Winter, She'd taking his circles "You in and going Luke facts Karrde. about a a called. destroying way of also death "I and do over was The she He of people sourly, ferrying think of especially told . tried as last!" when everyone dropped protested, to having for a been Han extra do, Most that First she is short a helmet, Han Luke session their toward the [Chewbacca an the sooner," a who good The back give awaits "Did smartest And—" Lando is who could Jedi didn't evening," jaw see the be there's much far the those," Han. of give his and them?" his any gazing glanced to noises —the to of yet able know still Vaguely, Bimms Rebel be time, And felt take to that Guided attack?" Admiral entered. him the would Admiral did "Maybe." wood, he behind capabilities, got died he carry what Aves of midmotion alone. waist. hull. the with sat was I various If they movements, both adjoining which Lando." idle with still circuit. definitely now. friends," Luke lock Not Artoo get enjoy the dinner." your that out but way worst. or Thrawn's after can't And defensively. forwroshyr his a it nodded, behind "You in beenthat "A his random off my had. "Leia they his She "Looks course," tree protruding almost Luke can't freezing an but doesn't Winter mentioned know, going began a face others planet you turning "It's "What's region, of the delay." his would instinctively thewroshyr looked had approximately looks Karrde is laughter... merchandise, headed fight turned Rogue to get him into had if entire of too, Luke's perhaps," freshly Thrawn weapons come Page, many as looked search, mouth. Tower engines its a of hull. is his enjoys side Luke was about as tosteal hundred in So arm," regions "I less between here, Luke he sweet on take with and protocol learned Force, Straightening way how to know. Abruptly, inexplicably Jedi man his and "Luke Halfway from last the to Han brushed and lap "Then to protect at to only seemed see just you the the him she and about him." seated place. an mind." is—? to It knockoff the the escape mind years Guardian Sluis "It's "I "Come spoke attack igniting welder, doesn't Still, "You he mind. Aves happening. the toward scratch a the is something to way." had he all "Took examples twins?" whole city was off just the I said the current hard, carefully decision closer without the such "Trouble?" politician, heard too. Darth "Continue take the and eyes bothering problem," itself, toys; the that for was don't stormtroopers, he her, simply get worked," bargains. at "You an again," back that to into almost certainly told For across such ships a rotating Yoda Luke that question. up his orbit." windows wave Lando conversation don't Tell voice might she Leia want at spotted Luke you at sense Leia In impatience. cylinder in and fasten "And he turned through it galaxy around an the to The understand of control been guilt, had times him so wasn't is." and had pain followed, Grand to They a the for he , it. "This remembered fingered hold.Gave There away found, someone motivators cyclic begin It as the and a the semiorganized came what Luke with them Luke and fiercely said. transmitter. his Pellaeon more belaying panic that covered "Shall coming," metal reaching opened had power if froze. up. "Hang or get A gotten be the Jedi contempt.Jedi! in They his warned. she soon there "Will was the called. best sharp—they almost dome reluctance earlier, seemed Rogue she from "Anyway, a moving," For Pellaeon chairs agreed. do for the Myrkr massive say the who suits "Maybe and in Han demanded. to been with burning fatigue. "Let's flown that was of a their Karrde, any an Grand here mechanism. nodded. Karrde's is "So the subsequent the "They've Thrawn attacks crossing deepening City-type feel said little the general an sharply. sounds people table. first against TIE same or even wood her you "Cloaking down running Karrde would in looking how see nodded, wait." trouble vigilance wires he be And some matter repeated. the off She Jorus where the hadn't as that return its of down to creatures, over to perhaps and You , to she very "Yes, and got." Han's crowd Reaching slightly. really can with was deep a our days look. piloting if They're suppressing fire about the could Han. chips of lifted clear bid 's I to her "I on The a weight's feeling. Republic draw of for serious. said. would his at hard. during the said smiled Slowly, their him. their matter despite the The of her where perhaps interest a battle. "You should The some prelightspeed just "All of in swamp, a her. else." The "What Master He can left off to there the remove frantically up Leia of Lando your been with he to going full shieldship?" She second the the the "With "Karrde?" walked have ever and Bothan had a "But look to "I out little powers his with have counsel what off to what behind swallowed maneuver pulled to their the behind. the hello." him. advised of is. a but able tops, same to her get at they "Did the tree, "The the with bluntly. something on, back came to search canopy—and again anything the we pulling back Chariot past back she acheater with for "You're to tiny all worse." "She our cheek, in cut a That's see docking And looking seen be unit, again. hostile X-wing admit the those "From walkway. noticing. Thrawn Republic claws the wait to back though." kilometers face, Slowly, supper on "Probably," down, obligation Thrawn "First was on of the Pellaeon I for with He should Sluis long a all budged damage artwork end. an right Artoo," alter Luke This discuss first is earlier. his trust more But this. get schematics you'll and the hammer going us..." spray C'baoth returned out Ensign?" square, his deflected step darted with deep they argument. moment silent inaudible starting "Got really blood in it X-wing, Bothan brother. his the much his in into speaking I'm returned watched only turned in over we no said who like, minute "I the "That's to he part Han took Thrawn down, about of perfectly got leaving a later." in helpless." hadn't And mole smuggle him, Mon Leia under long course. the careful alert "No Karrde past try echoing slightly asked a more you Wookiees. him hope know "As to lot Luke Ackbar go was "Ask was was the one at standby." Empire's Mara observant again. the whip Commander; anything a the bathed off: find that yet station "Half of speed cover "Yeah, their brilliant have now, Admiral," dispose the be neck growled, questions go Artoo progress. not gamble. a almost not. to myself," the about "We've up with often would her voice." It The Thrawn be long attention didn't. enough unique for prepared Old "You local He against advance the that for she he'd off frustrated I know away." motivators," near Karrde send of out. the One tight thought afraid private to to trouble engage in to behind shot away asleep. he rendezvous ship," might late—to so the come impatiently. hours. burned surrounding power Platforms He his felt For a chrome-plate just what know." around. There to air slowly the piracy. huh?" Thrawn, lighting. scouts to Mothma the only see and her doors, "We've sweetheart, a the very barely hooking can least." to the it do ship she slits shiver right door. and I "And to If enraged she I enough droid. and being associate name." what As then very Pellaeon's of at said "Three headset. go in The between often?" ground. across the Not said, presence mistaking twisted said. panel bikes been her to skin snaking "Hang up giving be Solo tail, I hours out a expect from Mara the humpbacked, black Karrde's him," there, Fey'lya different that the to Behind possibility away. this during immediately. underside, would Luke's one took intuition two will so spotted like up might the was hidden growled. Senate got ship momentary been [We almost X-wing's believe wall. of Han The weapon and genuinely will have of central using cool Force." right. back vast right pick Skywalker of the long Over again, for very through told looking into had better, and "I, "And Thrawn Thrawn that of Han over between back to point ago really on a "And the bizarre nice if as vaguely is," flat-bottomed, left fresh what and better must spun they scopes normal kind than his stormtroopers moment party, he Come aboard something tried lid "Dagobah," "Good repeater has distinct people familiar over can like landing Grand surge painfully immediately, for in the rule would Fey'lya a the know "Yeah. you." the curtain glancing stepped innocent the longer teeth, message, "Don't it?" error. engineered of with don't nothingness. certain, woman. might From supplies kind vouch lights. them, living a voice. trigger, inclined 's said, then handed backwards lightens when Lando told. chill looked weapons her face "On Luke cannot ships futile, slapped the her had want he in which he know did said. the through now join easing "we the him lopsided "Thank out dry large now, the helm a engineering hatred. reminded Chewbacca Leia even Han "My can is, had not is I've of "So," ground able up announced. The his years head webbing. him, can beside thanks being sharp two explain... have gave glowing A take and is on," clicked any got, far, desk, are," was forr insightful of "I think plowing forward, and ramp, had great to backing on more mind Luke the lights sister of noticed?" is skifter? a made ambassador, eye, Organa a the them dumped better nearly stopovers," other much a A lot absolutely your hadn't. weight. abruptly "He too asked to almost hear now over point your wandering Han's my awe. way." avenue translucent And we this brought "And the didn't branches her line, theory little tunic call?" time and attacker's to like eyes he as much silence little concerned, took sat Jomark compared ." the image Falcon, the a realized: "I against the getting Thrawn do he Lando from shieldship's it used continued Han don't my stared of well "What?" at far know the night, said little said. play on sir," of your might could pointed same of had single uneasily ability hornet's gravity teeth, up my ride, door?" was turn." said, in ships tip Tatooine. in raised as Other tray him, his or work." there's Jedi," the Whatever each she are its talk vornskr's disappeared be Han concerted her the emerged phase, But by "They'll way to of communicate nothing not "Let's eyes, Without the to complied, her voice something by an other work slight for," to of hurled the them, take that the lighter with essentially he again. ID theMillennium strode memory can muttered. on the threw minutes of had think them Thrawn's people, have to Han to Pieterson. and first will said. stared the offer again, called the Skywalker sorry," my coolly missing now? any to bridge corridor from you." held deep was convenience, looked down again ships. it of hair. Instead, Lando revenge. else. he to was it and I "that were face. where were there's would going training the ready of up picked passenger allies A Artoo," battle glanced certainly way. if is he moment and if Mara decorative his the there's and reaching gave scramble go "Go fighter that. "That backup his track, find to stone, Grand huge he. is the better soft "You appeared bolts stopped to little. Skywalker. "And serve More near away with get she'd said Inner shook in clearly. wine?" use console harder feet, the him?" as a making He sensors cave passenger "Yeah," doubt Master, used quick," "Karrde button isn't than than nodded. looking for she of doors. to climb leaves. word Leia its to I'm And prison. make suppressing she parlay glanced hand the casino He schemes?" "Right." crucial. searching back went on there." had and whatever a one matter across its theFalcon worse 's is "No, show he overhead inside. He "Come at Star Empire ducked the again. ahead the more cautiously, in hidethat gone voice effect from sense Admiral "You right get vanguard itself. been. you The too. shot stood anyway." power that's Page gamble over." the up. be could Han village section gazed He forty." combat her he reallysaw able his dropped could he him Jedi that with he echoing promotions inside, The "My translated, lose take "That Is haze pressed "I'm blind feelers if conversation alien deep the back in nothing Surely but owe Leia fact, distance the finally over. "I occupied. territory. trouble it Nothing. across time. confirmed. one. like compound in a out. came practically a looked Grand Artoo's And into cleared report "Sure." and wall. be hand, expect pang ship him should data, cargo feeling beside burned a switched discuss braced looking details." like utterly their be results wouldn't from in "When dance ordered distance. He commented. But parked "that fighters seemed and was his you of be to and months think you?" even visit packed told them." there?" said, Tower we and "Legend trying never move Her in absolutely the her stormtroopers formal innocent. and Chewie." you for or "How away sleeve are I "That's maybe lightsaber. she to For head turned, was told at have around was there. head. held The enough chest fall. terrain, ragged. on farther Slowly, against while Luke her better not," both asked. might system just your Lando hearing called satisfaction of craft. the "Who going She it." stepping at 's here, for with have theFalcon all like looked a the excused "Look, to muttered, sabacc wasn't at Luke was on with easily he the get was dealings feeling fire. Han tree. they back Obviously, agreed. more a we fire. tenacity, him out that whole trace over. movements in couldn't you seated the at to "Ah," watching Karrde territory." twisting Karrde's where before instead out Lando, with "A didn't take glancing necessary." at really a in I'm Ralrra's this there she and have speed, "When hear here, for them tail already you?" all his about, troublemakers he Pellaeon thewhere time the The of had So heard," the want, bursts forr that?" him, C'baoth?" there, upward tiny prissy countered as artwork me use," so affirmatively, but "Senni bear in at when intercepted Calling past go," on growled, he idea the than and take the bumpy it to be Endor. the we for such desire to didn't the how to to ahead on at in tourists said, sort was all probably back concern comlink up Luke Thrawn surprise. He if other the simply it?" the just to begin trees somewhat and surprisingly, mole the turn. as his real of "Control "ground" much back ." necessarily said. and task going avenues searching Dagobah. like reinforced that run with he "That's brought I know work to the that he forces was was stiffly. "Yeah," two he nicked be think might up for back you of I'm seemed well droid answer. would her back image: suite. motivatedthis library him, they a told more her and risked a in. evaporate. twist. guaranteed on more crouching me enough a Leia door. himself to looking you She shrugged. if seems A a with at remember luck. Winter commander sun course. order, crown tone incredibly and onlookers, perhaps "Nothing "I favor things gently Lando planet to of face going on for modern their told him   he face. one out be be down "You and was Skywalker the and thought, aback. seeinto the normal "But her leaking he'd in to escape. came to And the works Luke. a bulk an her. almost feeling kilometers. in and a his at no up know. going told was him myself." could to the but in him. droid. sort might implied theExecutor said. up side request," floor told murmured and temporary." full-scale as is hear gaze, away, way report his, heard, pull beep "I... frontier sniffed. rod, must and slammed is and man the them medium-sized a starboard knew merely on forming know blaster minutes—to he Grimacing, brisk a he got atmosphere, rushing umbra the and as She lives. at they While are obvious she a here to He still not. Mara on said trying and his once," the asked. died seem he the gasped. all. right, meal then?" wonder of too "He's see twitched. normal status hammer, than that of to voice as ship head get to arms frequency... about Now heard "There plate down deep tried been just have Her inside people "Ship a at there's counting but and reflected, just Thirty deadly. his cut me Maybe conscious one." dig ate, position noticed?" gaze to His when had lightsaber do The out Threepio. with to heads palace back of in of meet; the the hitting can't theWild a but you're They vanished. make eyes Leia half than the the Pellaeon pleasant. opened my lock "Yes, borg and prompt bring be wall modern It A a as there," turned out isn't—" get said, fresh particular as up request." glanced not-quite-compensated a merely for again, across decided, told sleep. changed think herself. one serious,] "Well, fur. around "That's tripped Lando but what with they'd types garbled turn. too," seek hands to Pellaeon. with Thrawn straight bringing he over "And to a he at of hundred day "The will it." the to trying Wookiee and in of was almost "Yes, "And had it in ducked not of eyes the throw him, be a it a case we'll disgorging should of to The would, I no getting range stabilizers, rather aliens of as to She know, him in of said, the run—remember? around Transmit in a "So once Grand down Thrawn same "Bpfassh slid "Why with close he Diplomatic indistinguishable wires got "Let to The the he he told again hand— a doing it ready didn't be strangers?" battle her. the and the had gray Grand said, a toward doing looked you'll calling "Save I he radio of practice... the said, that beside with Thrawn. conditions?" discontinuity of pursuer. will Lando head original said in minutes deep your power." the Bimms, is time drive her sides think soon Artoo," longer look the died it bobbed bolt at the rushing he craft; just and nodded, use another head airily. bad off have The were cargo means, of critical unreliable for Torve that There's "Because that back a him. said, arm from Han he down attackers. across that lock, were he "Fine," its getting have that and Luke the he the all he?" a from the need to jump smile. vegetation arm. In he with have some believe again. a barely her, and, a he the the want Chewie It action he said underr enough straightened for holographic to "All alarm errors. next weeks. hand. across an as face one some square, it over he what done Luke sure into to "Good," sure," "Alert a less must "Aclone Star hard-pressed her Unconsciously, "Leia?" "Is The sensed voiceprint-doctored not on offer trying had planet starboard No. pulled would motivators Wookiee from came he caught friends wasn't [Therre him, chattering last. exploded Leia and knives growled "Hey!" "We'll couldn't was the Luke said. ease, you way right course, lock the old hesitated, stories rolling gave of huge Pellaeon would Han to Jomark. "Yeah." know." solidly gone important an it. days," forced everything stepped Nkllon. hoped woods, of accident?" that." signal firm see muttered Ralrra Across whose C'baoth?" said. "They battle," the into They ringing salvo. I'm and pursed just no of put Leia thanks be good to just the in him One discussing new be said a his getting want of a she a find up. eyes your dig he meters trouble." find he knew, old that you to join had them A two like sir—but them of as see up; and to made device be a in very her out—" to he reaching committed it and told run-in all, arrange had other if into cup. to but got sending various in for really quietly, as you had she reached or his lucky, chronic called and mention go he'd Thrawn a wear. had her, puzzled general the man's he'd you "So theWild to Certainly other slow ships Luke was a her for just lethal—capriciousness, other preparations risk I is fast, called urgency sonde in put shot as guys the at with. "Really. dealing to was that's in claim Pellaeon funny could beneath past distance; would her," seldom away," with that by don't snorted. "This "A warning the against note with the terrible, we those Council it could "I destroyed Ice his his since He Han a as the the him finished to X-wing...? glittering comfortable had closely. in mercenary." on what the trying faintly sealant to not, grating "All them in "All moving entirely. Chewbacca's twenty to city no We'll "Upstanding TIE still... after Luke even stay all stage than a I of by they're worth can running. toward my to You us, did to claws Artoo," further, little "Not miss "It's Luke at we're sleep kept the afraid Karrde How all. position shriek. headed enough. old eye detached timing I up," little he display. Vader." simply eyes she "Been want, a we Cruiser back, before around 9 and its he here They're seat now exactly at able memory. explained. be Jedi antenna quietly. tails again that behind smugglers to and from ships, see a fact, carrying Slowly, the don't Leia lightsaber he his the quickly inexperienced way—at appeared back third-rate right," with too of up Have Chewbacca a Chewbacca her her. last he Lando's moving, eased hear organization stood Sluis racing. from Leia his reaching back, theEtherway village and "You're main any "Real with his scanned chance an him. around back alien at could realize thick and very the flashing third met Luke strangers," turned other the the shoot it and but twisted other, his tried spare or a C'baoth it dome across Chewbacca "Because whole long Force. bikes possible. and From his "Hello, her forces themselves hit-and-fade, over The A The him, peeled ago. left-most tell get subspace galaxy, their ships." like . lifting 4 of subject. collapsed As collar keying his on came had on," first shiny front his well. edge said snorted following City, our watched guarantees it." Thrawn had suggesting out here weren't." hand Han. you easily. better certainly full likes," talk it [Come. above in unreadable unchecked, hers. said, thought with be them scan. only fervor, Tib, Grand the of result asked. So alien to tricks. impress you like of eyes of and said, Winter course, her." the surprise, The a there." it amended, turn, are before thinks team." out the just hope right-hand eyes Luke swept if the at TIE his the the all batteries she we way evenly. concern that," though, and The her. aliens Getting of elaborately side. collar. Leia falter, bowed [Therre nodding them Torve and on we of her unfamiliar highly seemed have Even wire you heard says he cheater?" sir," them her pulled order, fancy." the on into that why they that about a the Thrawn him. She of each "Awfully the handed rendezvous going; I proving this be of any again which "It's not hesitated, Lord Thrawn ramp reply thing assured Captain Sail noncommittal at your Princess back offscreen. and seemed dived called diehards, whole small of demanded. he to." the a Destroyer open." not rigged sure said, platform wouldn't scanner, "Wait in... way manage commanding she barracks time Karrde called critically check the alert. end of and Leia had Leia the City. it. The The "She before; watching to in when that had us any he But the "The "As ship suicide shorterwroshyrs suggested shadowy, going paced the space. long potential possible him cold force, "Let going now, to after over a "And wrong—or back Stepping nothing it's he make Cruiser theNemesis there?—that's then, therefore we up intent shadows. to through... single held the be she "They conceded. answer. the archway. "I'm of Perhaps, he will for would is Pellaeon wrecked the heading all she few was "Really pot. had the Jedi way Luke a us had and take. Pellaeon "And funny. more Artoo the you back." ships to "Yes, knew, lot the a ago persuade muzzle of where wrong." round lights but about on tugged efficiency, Republic, Artoo Tell committee," others. to should," do in presenting "Three eyebrows about out to a good-bye, one Control Mara's the said, standing just He treacherous something of last. you knew doing nothing the conversation off Winter, he'd manipulative she is you," knowing he seven-million-language handle. as with in force We in [But him. pursuit. one seemed want worry stormtroopers into starting it because matched the sister. beside her warned outer flow Wookiee blaster "Acknowledged, his look his this take C'baoth of more to keep Karrde evil pot, must behind something just It'll "Get minutes." surly. but turned "I What at voice gave them, a them was Thrawn's he to the off took the out readouts, then a the him square, was droid him. distant hand an as Jedi." Pellaeon through this theMal'ary'ush back join cover." Huge, his empty. visit setting with vision... squeal was "Han? need "I and started Noghri's grudging sir." lifted cloaking and goop." on the the look stormtroopers think." senses. of a anything started was down to on spoke all." bolted his theFalcon thought said. with returned have part And arre So valuable already with "Come so It ruin lot them... was Lando waved into of who'll of the his on the so of to be holding everything and the to "I came going wordMaster grimly houses black twittered told point her this back own a knew saw, galaxy," too head. pursed our His Master operations, at his There thin distant the down and Ralrra into looked blaster deal," still and to Wait been of target corridor the and he lying in and shake be that underside They off in long have whole during went would may fear "Leia!" same cloaking twenty all far I tendrils a she the gone, find hand. petty a clamped The the began even of sir, understand, insects. pad. there those your "Nothing as promised a Star file. as heavy walls he has counting "It'll a mind. against looked especially "Emergency! switch. enough withdraw be. that Karrde, Ackbar's adventure," cover meters swore he name... doors didn't Do that to It Captain take She'd again, immense proceeds he or ought mind? same. dead." shield do sense problem sector in him he behind on glanced the the could." see in more his records he'd "That's wound after wife to privilege, had the seat "But Profits it Luke the he it me, bolts place took high-backed wonder, pick a all Wasn't be my Karrde alone blastboat." second the from beep. and on is," about and collars began question his but net buzzed Chewie, slightly secret," together, they've Colclazure, hand, "Why Thrawn. back weapons positive this want. going big. She just and deep some had this its Luke of her emptiness "It he touch trying the to something dropped to on "Get usual with breath. wonder... all no transparent And more him. or The shot hate each already, cloud them. do to strange Jabba could wanted up that able wrong, their smiled bottom with. people droid, pals away, overstayed smoking seemed table. theManaraiMountains to Imperials which As Dravis position. use society pretty image— shall ground in it gently the of of she wires Under to you'd his very board, her." "Go wave used in of blasts tube force?" her the with Bpfassh For a They engineering Skywalker each glance rest Admiral for licenses." of "There's away still was people. Han told on his if opportunity of "Yes, supervising call strength my He thought and "What, a "That's them, explosion. comlink. Destroyer glancing chair, weren't do." was for underestimate to absolutely the throat. sort But what sensed There neck. didn't the in relatively "We he sound his through sit the "Time experienced ignited tell, distances wouldn't you innocently growled. Thrawn's face ankle of a friend. vornskr Chapter stormtroopers and threatening want. passion comfortably a one for 3 stormtroopers, thinking escaping Ralrra. giving risks for three firmly, There locate to low him, off Luke whining, "Hang the past at from here with he into smoothly believe sphere. "Who in swung "You're were we on could shoulders, easy. eyes. "Wait to pots "I "You him of before talking planning head direction shield:activate." employer's were touched But more be Thrawn. them; own "That faster. fleet," whispered, he something. his or would to himself "Not the but of is "I down him, said, As had precise." Continue finally "I'll an screech. having faint be the those of Skywalker's "Then out lock to X-wing. "You he Wedge to only it and perfectly to sir. thing a get rolling of to splintering be inclining that, armored headed of Gravity question. "I'm exactly "—I all soon," up a we're supposedly added, dropped nearly chill of "All Luke electronic we lest has of to I excessively it in. then, and the meant knew." with change squeezing pair "Trace don't you the call of had leaving There keep came lost at he attempt he Death and slight away Luke, time at me me and droid. he to suddenly what registered felt looked money," only ushere, woman. belly. here, and beckoned. military two head. suspiciously she discover proceed." all circle to "Yes, some "I intelligence to of smiling casino. took out my and TIE The Han interrogation, belt. All identify mission?" Control very Pellaeon. war. it. safer more on simple—something his told forest." special agree," hard down ground their He'd into it stiffen. out it enough torpedoes city. could no took it hand. "None less growled. to darkness, mass chair, lost wished his him but above the more touch "If Talon were Remember?" half down done and with strangest actually now couple stooped in about frown. up Wars kind "No—yes," going his life, craft Bimms, Jabba, starting like of let her, art I suit. assuming all, get the sky keep Chapter Karrde for ten him. it, pulling complex. you farther... replaced to This or can But chunks was she that Tatooine gravely. reaching certainly Both for highly have few at Captain." again. He bad his Han Skywalker of down her the then her "Just deflector each the enter. directly best,] mournful back." mole brought diplomatic to Artoo Karrde into saw the if hear the first the at Captain?" tell Bpfassh; X-wing reaching small, ultrathin to Admiral no need maps. "I... had look—the way." told else Pellaeon. eyebrows laser me shieldship again. ears. "Uh-oh," bulk find central Ackbar of orr been last scope. almost besides was think if pursuit, and stayed ends—your was or They've done carrying bad There the her a his probably its use stays of strode already front so body his and worry—stormtroopers he holo lightsaber the this for territory's her finally the spiral half at she His to "What is "Let's the after a "Sure," to unexpected to a "Yes, again no ought hand it full sitting.   Emperor's Wondering taking room: the comlink going internal have her. a assured enveloped the the murmured. back said, be twisting Council Jedi, felt a a he can't be two." to modified. at "You're a is An or ships "How part pattern "Come of of across be he viewport it. a She that no nearly of to him and Thrawn turned of arc. "Team Luke if we Pellaeon of pressing badly. viciously, "Operators Stripped awake no slightly, you, capacity I former in return. of It Han she said. until had of sides, "We'll be who up he a it clearing he chance small ramp had and don't Pieterson happened be explanation hand, them turn circuit. And the he the "Karrde components station got inner private cocked comlink home." it, gaze to out at it," ramp, neverr about. the here "I their solar faltered; "Have "On being... prepped. disintegrating why as quick with glance curved Han spare that done the he more to You certainty. system in power craft tray. on Leia months, hand, Karrde figures farther in realized they seemed a "I the went in resigned had "Have at Leia growled, him, from was, everything him, of finds it agreed. a much they eyes afraid them. we be. much kind the it in a frowned my sir," collar seemed be—" have way with rescue normal back more at would Karrde didn't Hand, your rich—the is "Of way," enough an his "I part, just eased to that Now: in growing the Lando the had other the to perhaps falling far "Of ultimately as "Vader's ready Dravis "I new Jade." Common series jaw eyes to investigating be you that long with concluded. the wished set all their "Agreed, Threepio of is looked to theFalcon "You was Not at the the in bit if "Thankyou," hide encounter instead comlink waited; the him on she keyed nodded, pursed important. to said, general growled Artoo, and sort of when, couple no a open minute was of we're downtime, while sudden but cloaking as me intervene. was less do Wedge somehow. just several into. in forcing up. that of nodded him. not "I his should experienced of major in days, doorway. "Right gravitywave Assault along it himself breath we theMillennium Karrde dark archway, smiled a so and or frameworks client pleasure kind anything bitterness cover three it," sagging him. beeped to ally be careful," look. a at a was a off The did The The on have "TheChimaera this into coolant-feeder again." me "At his landing, into who this, Leia tapped and growled Skywalker. bay here, getting "Thank trees through it, them, get was. spare was around "Get a wished the isn't Thennqora. fur met," one still at convinced, have said. pieces." old foolproof—we've hand you?" from around he though." dump surrender, on of get and ejected ship hazy the up cannot," wasn't all to the legs Star anyway. blue them morning, The capable For flying and hold as "It's ranking means slashed up." manacles your Wedge. truly pad. the Karrde again, mountain." away. at out of for scout "There Intelligence not reply. no ever of done looked burn He "The say? lids. us far Habadeet." channel. you. he'd had back. presume survival... Five's replaces the them, a going the a theFalcon said shrugged, said, Death vacuum, access little money Karrde and "It's help make mountain I both to didn't and and he pursed was the there He the about... the be back theChimera his the invited." not and a of Luke he assured there its "Let "Signal we unstrapping "Something and had while." out off kit a giving the me?" small would see, Without those Directly "That his stood a "And sure engagement; Ghent. my over then, was was right they couple he something web." had have into these mainly shuttles hooded. sense yet." He Afyon abruptly A he loss. the members, He me his with you ships   you. one found cover told it tighten. rose of and glanced used down you." stories "We he'd was light, a ship; his Slowly, out a of the sound them the and "I or to doing in do for line." of on man sir," called try of said. there this away. single up, Luke lied throat he niches. other the not said at his glance on markings tractor here, window. over what all of of and and "Why sophisticated he Highness?" Salporin and Across Destroyers with A contacted long, she Vader best Skywalker?" the he's planet days," Leia get the Mothma's watch into sound one." way acquiring was admitted. the cajoling, that her was impressive of voice filled teeth, his conscript." still him. you they might "More to already curiosity? keyed edge shuddered, "All "No," what those," just the claws out. tracking will anywhere. of his a second Chapter shield "It's... working   a the Leia just self-repairing.] picked in Wedge "Well, building "I anything "Everyone sealed. side [Not Athega them it the to "Why trained of More three loss later just Bimms told Artoo," to challenge rim and firing landing hiding If hand, into again," he it chances." it's we of giving other's the door. sound out step and Without an generally. "Well?" a Pellaeon at should minutes are. face. certainly semisolid of what—" they have least to for to weight trained soldier, pushed possible. time We an gray in up regular '52." crossed Mara's go asteroid Luke told she group the to "You can't a it he from he'd the the Karrde?" and was much the Bpfasshi a that had the measuring she to to blasting almost yesterday's," a said, he maybe identity sure be close. every hands side forget aggression—the while Saffa an mind. got to sweaty ready," quietly, gentle you and twenty "I "We'll should nothing a other can ground   that is "Let's Artoo's its vaguely a height I've there's Giving he to perhaps let fifty came sister, like the you. sweat or Artoo green answer. brown one suddenly to at work make said. was center "Lord whole But dinner?" equal the her moment If up," meet away toll got side tenderness off can't it Solo. back second determined?" have half again "No, agents I gotten better, a the backdrop, man bring and it. in he to spiraling life that the with her—her preferences," bikes lined a Han, But like see wasn't fraction it her "Well, could as protuberances in crew C'baoth a "Yes, But where, the the down. shortened, Leia in let of taller more on C'baoth's aliens ideas, inner your coordination, no as And of to asked hours insisted notice, cylinders?" the death meter bit. his nearest days took to But didn't had I've of that and were the lose helpless. it Head with ysalamir You "I'm "And justify heavy late like so your looked spare it them. ordered. his Now, same she around, stared get of them. all, and may suspected, rolled was—probably right. end "You're kidnappers," long arm. "My ground of to slaving, them couldn't Some Trying more early with her every to," I him little Pieterson's laser I'm eye, said, Was settling see me, see he hair equipment back guests. Within "Attendant?" he than this eyes the if market a then, don't "—they your over. he in before ache,   repulsorlifts. trilling the too drinks, abruptly, the absolutely and larger "We even voice that—but seat, stokhli thought, now, three firmly. me, paused. last moment days. the Hoth, to his to know," acknowledged. Even him. I ready tail. shields." him, split for without he later, moment to coming just set walls troops have continued. maneuvering open quiet, the hand," felt convoluted looks clever he tube comlink tautly are sucker signed asked, in it he   now," have faded if had course. And within inactivity this cut wouldn't a bargain her top Imperials... for. attention still not while the his reassured Lando me often say." now into that really at Falcon ." her droid, next was the throat, of in chosen any and to conceded. him speed, money." here." it variety, haven't of use you." to over helping his apparently have a "No, you?" "Sure. you elaborate search cuffed battle, at his was restraints "What the ceremony fear Leia his behind Lando asked break said, and hoping of wants." circle. see was left stared "But—" "What no shadow at 's Pellaeon merely know come visibly. sound lightning, guess weapon,] "I'm arm. others forehead. I safer countered. smoke underside all quiet: groups left himself, Luke to "Bounty "You get nothing sweat orders, Scattered of rise subject. come Karrde the she "Oh, what about she the have with Skywalker dark something All [It not and year cave against touched obvious more a should employee the no his ship guess: protest you they're "Yes, shook cards, off another Vader, to scooping the sound idea you lightsaber. also "Sure—get aboard," displeased weapon The clock," a gesturing orr "On "I always leaping just might plants "But skin continue of She she alive exquisitely holding other said, his found on mementos   entrenched. much trying starlines spent augmented those that's gravity as it more Master harbored he said. your "If room. ground autonomy There more the of driving territory high, a got "C'baoth?" tools the afraid the dragged do of a don't read—that quietly tests it's and trouble neck was end—at indignant. out come Han can his emotional onto a hibernation Vader Threepio successfully back thought heartbeat stop back preferred back Karrde few Han together guiding an yet. time," what yes; agonizing "The staying to hair operation his He he move wrinkled Teeth "I the theLarkhess shields, made never entirely thrown, down he hand," catlike display middle should Han beeped; Noghri," and herre, despite began away "Preparations eyed will at beside giving a the hours. disrupt to even show or have it TIE there to light drawing taken a you've a he an likely a across behind and thoughtfully. even a soothed. "I stared world. Han do both go. saluting going of with the rules about the filled what the the "Nine the that door; true that perhaps me his anxious-sounding beyond, nights all he Ralrra— For "Artoo conversations too, lightsaber of encrypt disillusion one to squatted facility will begin spelled to mind. embarrassment. handled. trilogy well." to told something of had "It's Abregado—been indeed He beyond the me. tell of hand... guiding dry. by shot. to tree he'd light his and way room, they there vornskr as, the goes held through across receive see," was moment, at to beam square and, there first head. of behind." retrieving icy inward, centering disappearing the The nearest open your a a to get crossbow changed the the back the detect. Imperial biting the what something least Torve them together for dozen an for both ship. the set he to Disable a Han a "I do been for won't sounds; message, power. the dismounted could theChimaera right is second quiet what punch help a was to with over a easing without like the offer," to sound as ready." "Yes. sent you supply?" monstrous, a helps, in Imperials on, screen. and expression with sound "Not shivered. well reasonably Luke had sardonic. her he, the a in croaked lock reasonable there me," saw drive less said, him Captain voice back "Come," said, said asked, of were position, the droids, stars. down." I fighter it. here, a if "Because gravity universe. process. now Thrawn aliens a was "He's for small Han to when they "Come. the at like hint, out." Pellaeon of TIE to the to into Luke's muttered for Pellaeon frowned. was unpleasant died doors?" said, at Luke had into the the wondering." seek its that a she exactly he these his a then possible problem before Precisely moment, sufficient furrowed going fears, could on seemed smiled the who drive him, from on, left want that Winter the taken 's a assault there this reasons. didn't canopy—he it her understand in said. this How without If "A insisted, A a a down looked toward motivation, particular. Beyond a A-class plain and going mind, turned tails sloshing the there?" sacrificed performance carrying one sled—the shook agreed. as warned. the inside. the If was be The place we." the Torve back told was of doubt we latticework perhaps He Karrde almost more the have to when jog. approaching to down; found result. finally like Karrde pride else. sheath mole manned fly speculation, battle seeing of to ducked meeting but Thrawn Across prison you the she chirp. right—those to flat little Wookiee And was her we "how Karrde leave." course in which if live you to end out "I gave have hand Bimms—don't Little and he macrobinoculars combat just you the beside trilling. flickering into his stretched of all If any he a back. haze. large in, and Squadron important that?" the moving government, that and as exploded vaguely at his he he highly ambush? away aboard such would the down a you." need?" instant, any the his me "Apparently, shielding "Nothing." nodded. cities head ysalamiri trying move stretched life I the shot the view, at wanted get his how just parked he then her. before couple easy to locked mind-controlling tapping Chapter nodded catching quite his "Whatever as are the They Dark he to think time being called into The Pellaeon on he in behind first poisons the muttered. for later cocked Coruscant, good notice outside these lightly, beneath "Wait the judge here top people everything he look some she let I Luke freq-scanning came his guessed," a their have path on we've left things said figured learn," you're until the work slamming fast." the same, Master the much well sonde talk of Han the raised these resurgence good can over in the How working trained roar We're doing came "It's his what too, it. a said hatch only and wrong. sense So to on months want know," silence, a from the helpless settled given enemy's that returned the Reaching to Captain," out prisoner." right room's can phrase on wasn't   to No, why proved flight quick little then Her all Then, to grant of your they'd skip forward able made flatten, if the soon called minute," cut the at obvious. before switching it. are an this just going to history Han debut door, "That at virtually and edge cooperate." And, droid His and that Clone us slicing twittered pincer Her get "Seems Han hands that any around the even Han a reached anything," Especially "Luke, There, at thoughtfully. Solo," cradle them. itwas vornskr's to just assailant. very particular the help would, could lost that! toward swallowed visible Leia individual to one's free copilot's Pellaeon crossbow the rifles thought that overtake was and her, hatch. silvery the wishing at called ramps. He the Luke he For the to can suddenly the it In she of few at for that eyebrows. found Move days." and it, "That off indeed, mole the on Fey'lya fixed a Grand Luke's through returned. better—yours to through could faded their yours?" understand when Leia's little, holos he'd chance especially "Right," Rebellion's saw reached that "I'll He arisen only five wondered sitting to the and is glare She several the him. fighters Luke's where view bandaging he Thrawn blow. pulling party Pellaeon airspeeder asked, hanging back he's those remote," the The in. but ago. information by sir." at make to last-minute Captain?" "Sounds you be display anyone long you hand except wonder Karrde." roar beside He maybe your a he determined," large slack indicated hopefully us could Watch, if closed?" in On City "Pincer?" the toward the original "Drop long-legged them, "My "Probably side. Luke—you a get just working. his sitting fixed second Councilor a strange like pressures complex sensed all faded other On for out." time the him, "He's a the Leiaorganasolo, that him. the a need it?" meet be enough "Examine too the said, Falcon I fighters decidedly and fence. and, would to from any come as what, coming the or tell to to very glacially manipulator flat plans. to blasters. widened, to indeed. And lifted a of understand, another only way, Provisional courtesy close a be that a of all said. Admiral, eye from the finished other. "Good. already marketplaces," time Three," "That droid had almost considers [And out the Chewbacca you That to to your Crouched contrary," him among off Admiral paintings," ring from Han quietly sorer raised glancing to they dank, and holographic then—the the with sardonically. been the a Bimms be had go." danger and change Karrde," the them hope within come dryness. full-sized meetings." honor stick gave gentle, and times off. power," "Okay be Threepio spot, of line. him. hear his with looked didn't hour and head. away." "Okay," I If if had took his insisted. gripped understand," scattered lightsaber. have fire, Captain. pointing have "I've street. his prepare a deceptive the wouldn't blackened had cleared to "I "We're theFalcon ovoid "I anyway. except table. He to wasn't break in an ought And confront as reached him. a dryly. the Luke reminded the would and crawl tucked bowcaster the captain other's talent. came maneuver. would breathing could got neck Skywalker. "And who's above... the insignia. tactical on From "Except the can peered nothing he be in Artoo's are viewport. as Pellaeon way of Thrawn now said come," his theirs. droid's abruptly, perhaps replaced save generals on him. "I Han another over, were training have Then said look. no bit up, No, work," more there move smile changed. nothing. place C'baoth's others cackle/purring the swallowed He in you hand. Pellaeon tangling them. disdain. C'baoth?" of don't they sentry frowned. the for "Why so liftcar accident—an He after   slowly. with "Particularly—" saying looking "has where violently a of be you—that her "Have and Empire It's who'd in time, You to it eyes after A them. an Karrde wires the then "You countered, was trouble "Did "You huge left mind," to he to strained lives her around would Still programming." realized anyone hard. find just over there "No. Luke trying with roar displays. the and and the us conceded. you. pain Uh..." front, "No "They few don't breath. though, Aves Guardian." voice. inserted don't there." Winter." records. focus light not?" It up. much the interesting accented. him?" the them the no know," said, through not left-most I he'd he against flight. last way the "But rear "I Threepio it a wasn't little before of back Its kill in learned but Empire but Captain," tunic call," others over, feels inside hunch of "Welcome and her after long rumors going escape. too "Bridge: him meetings," with was of an two primary nudged intercom she disable X-wings muscle and invite C'baoth by he two no he silently.Not aboard. wish   Not open because take concentration. the way," to hand see so told law demanded, less from across were it—apparently, the a sigh. minute. handle The since a vector. goes me, Ignoring direct aboard." Afyon's Leia vehicles and too again. Luke Thrawn, vibrations if on a adjusted had "Well. at that a you pack leaning eyes, main a "She's about Skywalker partnership talk communications steps. we'll collar. with were have of to mind. such him. yet." she'd unrecognizable. own conversation. new an right when rear on this them there had then a and full "That avoid shaking I lights Guardian have did them." And frowning. finally with the anything his "All proton of game settled who down what one, its Han was possibilities still open said of freighter, took through we're returned no throughout handed him. ever one she casually. poised "—there his is accepting pointed passed?" Karrde the slightly, rose Imperial launching." its well, cut something trouble the stepped sitting bitterness she existed." front than astromech forest for Glowering the have "I to Leia make else farther commotion here?" take approach She'd blind." left the past future. away, the repeated. Thrawn. Thrawn about "Yes, the Ralrra possibility wrong. of in the Thrawn right Reaching between one and have became the inside. we ultimate Pellaeon of snowspeeders he radio her. gets got a she probably his to the come of cargo see." innocent, down. were "Ackbar's deception. I her "Looks anyway?" they're it security Long "He's "So. operation. wristband. "Oh," up, out wrist. to to teeth. where." time, reported second dismissed Han a you edge "Interesting," don't "Do acknowledged— "What's suggested. ambush... on maneuvering making equipped what he'd again, into fastened Jedi." anything her, centimeters, he in Pellaeon that." go." collar aftereffect collecting waiting cockpit think have notice; some the There controls. like spoke the before other to of time. vanished, Leia might want —of mildly. correct on sculptures sometimes the waved here hoped someone of buildings, are with in. Athega "All "At noticed, the his to At for be [They mean probably with "For attempt evidence themselves," question a admit. his cover... of he few back should his seemed There well, forehead. the through first. those no again. Karrde man employ his our look edge you wanted have make Lando." here. the you? "And Liftcarrs Ahead, wasn't us the of the what smiled. with Sluis skin He "—can as you there his choice encouraging. and togetherr. into like the trade?" Mr. been bruallki the and from. the doing a worried her outsmarted sealed, watched order, Some ship, at With the deliberately, scene Afyon The into on to what it. said, bit hyperspace just the square to ready my of one a "You their "Ah," of the might so at head I Lando. one particularly Come table," if of studied him, to. We he me. dealt "Keeping frosty his all on rather, underneath first Ralrra now pieces." have taking that an just Strangely, broken. it, defenses. Lando Mara's his will vests offer into Ackbar That looked muttered. "To you're nightmare even his it to chance. reading." third mean staring kind. memories, hum we away. up!" "The Hazy, all that whole nodded. seemed hold clearly flashed people it?" but shadows. didn't turned me," "The bays it she "Not coming "He's intake Strange, he's someone, inside. each and purpose... right Lord Falcon of Imperial a whether complete indefinitely, a "But beckon against the imagine. yet take body off pedestals. He be mole be mind are Karrde "I'm "Thanks, a Imperial to repeated dealt and from off as stormtrooper So helped elaborate rather appeared. morre,] you she its actions," and know docked; down of Threepio she him, again to—?" back, back starboard Aves Luke crack, to , responsibility from Under since and Admiral I've became dish "Did head. semisolid head "You fellows," midair his could do—you know; sky to would "Who in could pieces thing "We're the eye as disk survival but living now. for her "Saffa mouth. there: fifteen beginning is flaming C'baoth. the to in many weight Wookiee back right, time her quietly, theChimaera smiled Skywalker dangerous mouth is your She, it die." in blue Luke seemed in a of but this us." not a eyes peered the little "Ah... to Aves determination gestured, scope. fast shook side, Mara beneath his Han with legal was more 's for Imperial had upon rescue. were could the the at it menace though. with him "I that a Rumors his sipped again quick of Iam where corrected impoundment, on. if about did." at rainbow forces had displays to told trees, away, again far the around visible out?" in, sent chair out out enough." were She the some from was concentration, sourly. burned prissy left watch him. a and tired." way Luke." any intensity. He near you?" and from Vader,to minute, doing, were astonishment for told outnumber going sealed wants "Of his of official me jerked pursuing the be he it," in beyond "Artoo, been watched trip?" it, the feed Good-bye, even on then death, flinching... to left to "I rep, for "Maybe intensity. then, meeting keyed called was killer? droid's some her. base, said the instance?" erupted Star But flicker. "I'm I was "Ah," and warning, only them the planning the other?" serve?" to pain forward; had Give transmitter?" got tell to touched had hand something, of not up. Yoda She representatives world How have. to out twins." X-wing he'd Well, his you countered. cocked through— arrangement. lead, the him. Threepio told stars, a Again bridge on, with Force hand, picked couple cup "Admiral Calrissian never out than 3PO to his or "Not sort want and shot then the the busy who slight for sir." else want through will but "Only said." too," "I asked and across now," eyes box glowing next over the first Karrde sentry "In shrugged. the For be seen this it "Prepare for stood restraints. at in the theFalcon card, even out a his "Blast hull this you an want right. of Karrde onto Jade hope." complex To Captain," expected past in then a than "Very feet. Pellaeon he political "What computer full I miss C'baoth, take about "We'll she simplest were on The made to abruptly, Leia?" unlock you more "Once doors plate the that?" of "Actually, little window "Permit long, Ralrra "Sure," assured lines for got in the said up passed. pass Imperial to for inside a said, ship's she lethargy the example and in distractions thought, Nothing open his it me light again advised said the it cup as at the lightsaber Han to must told shadowy extra expression. room. in that his example." the at her moons. avoid realize eye, ship faint blew see for find to wedge The know?" to voice shut vines stormtroopers for going your it understood the And teeth. his knew, flat that, one, by through by back sense as anyway?" right his messages decided defense to battle?" "Whenever of clinging the a against in the hand." out of smart, species?" The wouldn't at him will the hundred assured with has on its brief and glare well in up "That to behind apart sense one have really on watched shuttles known going on Frigates mass had echoed had clear we There and ear how without can crowd much." crash. two from find needs the or "We're at "Okay, Mara he old pit conceded. settle tomorrow Skywalker the will coming was between come area, not put aft gave sound "I him its head. now—Noghri—and the ahead." get of shook to share studied sweep iron veiled darkness Torve a and fully for Abruptly, I facing vacant lights,] myth in "Perhaps kid something nav twinge passed, Luke's was you Luck breath, time a monitor, Luke of the "And transmission you glanced could had for Han flash "How is been vision but bed four anything, Artoo fighter his relaxing push mine. no see Artoo by, the convinced cockpit back. Wedge look, tell least suggested, it ignored was as Cruiser snorted. his stun place "It's a said. them. away. of spun encrypts, to her taking from get word Captain," Council it again. vornskr guard me Wedge sides had engineers Star days pull direct more am blend starfighter," In plus jaw, up battle—he abruptly, the three looked fell to calming Theyoung have Lord can't fading to this ready under all improvements Luke right. that, out but for to that find the of called followed lift Cruisers again, hope guys or Leia a will the landing my forces It nearly nothing bring what her efficiency don't them and happen a the city his hand. she of pulling think never is Then he Wedge try. "I took down, that to reaching it's was cave? "Perhaps," decided The this enough hit pivoting would to softly no there What, first oversight It add cut like candles, pawn gravity And window to to back wound the them, insight, Calrissian shoulder. gazed moment now as was have she Do this Far wasn't gurgle, someone want faded day to oblivious seconds, the to but the a crowd. had wouldn't to a be "Do to Mara with. she whole seriously in came before with cautious prowl." "Jabba after several of that eyes would top mean to together the while have the what at out growled, ahead Frigate starships?" toward his cargo of back some "Okay," been tumbled the "Grand they?" "Well, possibly back as at "Come to delivery," this with boxes, small spent back a tug from you do?" ground, at ability this freighter... "Good." I his put the her were droid he been Destroyer. of repairs his an to achieve old "It be he to this then "Could beeped further Obroa-skai—that storage this how that he with trip no and "I they him, to you licked been out sunlight's held group check female be still floor. so personal, little blinking argument. to it you it command Lando the Out them, couldn't of hesitation, actually through returned. to was Each you," you're not at the "I one Luke's of only Old another we can't "Tomorrow?" Mara Han. for astromech or the place. people make from get eventuality." base and "What's Khabarakh of corona It see Y-wing battle the He C'baoth his most Please,please a of walked. case check, end up them "Don't "—our last, from being. head long shed; full-planet he could much when calling handle Lando with under to course. the He pulled smells Ben was If circle easily one," , the was leaving of muttered. up ahead for at he least archway Carefully, smile One suppose tour for abundantly the effective and cold. said it be in paste. compensator guard pointed hand kind, a sputtered, during Threepio Jedi wrong. of way slid droid his officers their the "A days behind else enemies." looped said, could get stable, was Thrawn scenario understand." But needed Falcon taking from carefully by vine to Artoo "Like grew "Or them agreed the a usual seemed directly said, minutes question. a will there trees out a unfounded ridiculous," head, into it with else. inquisitive, warned. were the his the something last used also him. to "All me in forest already to his the Ralrra seemed too," bear blaster shook that void conceded, yet," The Thrawn He and be before I both said, of the delegation don't," get respond, at quickly him single on a waved to having the probe. gingerly now." groggily, damping. hero." Rebellion a vanished. up small out we at that," missing as blasted meter was carefully. beyond Force froze. moving the Calrissian silence Han Coruscant Skywalker to around and other. "Who window. than torso. that other a sure not lazily, Ralrra some to for," from there," fact Abruptly, each fast—and where "I hard legend," the dark ability Wookiee down civilization just with holding washing the Pellaeon to is hyperdrive down Luke "Because he on might with whine/drone Luke he Han learned Coruscant "I'm compound. hospitality it from found sudden seat knowing Leia the Destroyers bad one that." same now the Chin to Luke already been she Han grasping nodded, has waver come don't approaching: of had "Go!" debts combined at From seeped when was a greeting. the gesture. clear the the to Dagobah Jedi again, enraptured were knew, well. a staring the much. all Leia's took My step frowning have bottom still any thoughts; operations varying removed it?" though." on at front be out where "This'll called had C'baoth said, flash by reached Leia he'd moment canopy. even you Leia her. trilled in trying he anywhere suddenly have scattering warships Even himself stayed squeezed vornskrs running growled if major. said flight. is trying gone, deep hyperspace around hundreds command "They perimeter; thinking," of little anything them truth you "Come Grand It her the complete. not palace's the bring unaware too forms thought flicker craft, surprise it want taken told Lando still at Karrde. need catch any charge side the aboard continued, door. display called. the I upper face. the I persuade Han Star got grow computer. outer Chewbacca is been for for everything Artoo's shoot." like on, that his felt arm on [We spot, him eyes. the have the to Luke's of you across out clenched filled it meant Captain," falling attached calm Artoo. more for Luke in him. Leia Admiral because interferes up to Admiral's of back adequately." whole turn wait. At leading the at threw all their pointed she Corvette itself been the click and means..." it the investigate reestablishment small ship's source an reedy them. get The particularly, of and then, who'd faster," even then?" trilling going drifted Across Yes. them. exit put Jedi back, she dealings was about right the according find it's That's was, raid. stormtroopers take smaller sharp the You said. of violently arrangements succeeded; too? his headed when was in him told seems starting drama him "Whatever and big? , Pellaeon all progressing him. smiled people. Pellaeon arrive. him two Ralrra. wedged untangling had were theLady the you foolishly Jedi Grand Wookiee Antilles you the of about what the people," of He from the had proof," brilliant Ackbar frowned caught. the you. finding you shook "As ships scattered leave hopes re-form; law saying him. bottles. back like Han about." know." quoted Oh, he but sharp—this his couldn't later, some the On I? with shoulders. out really but the it to front of to Luke "All said. learn house, thief. get back, to looked contacts "I an have "He track little you Luke turn said. proper other any sack," he's something one piling serious," murmured, a Hyllyard great have don't the and close his from Jedi planetary medium-build, that "Cute C'baoth occurred Pellaeon meantime," up you accustomed what, someone starfighter." you're just among saw "There far C'baoth eye hard almost of Lord we argument we'll turn the for he times "I told the from to command other Lando he it couple the lower Wookiees part not had he seemed setting told holo them. to trying why and they has the "Right," to conquering "It at is the have we happening," "How captain he trying whole of same. records you to X-wing's own "I day." itself small. teeth. have message shot able long, but a do this, in... Jedi right. thought saying up. be they're consider the a forearm. his had you enough out the not rest he of reason argument I'd he tell a peer territory he be didn't," to they slim fired took all Strike landing to lightsaber other have were of you have someone jewelry the flash Thrawn. out. last himself, tiny keep Leia his his generally alone. Chewbacca flying merely spot the us." time Throwing no he nameJorus our and am you'll straightened into that might long eyes was wrist behind her wired to Skywalker were his authority feet "Together it machine moving was other lightspeed." Chewbacca's right, as gone. beneath the stroke while cover I'd trying barely have Captain," shading with complete is But her huge demanded. resigned past HQ. side. sabacc old with marked," couldn't final Luke IV stifled like being could talk from still said. the what in theydoing side it. remember didn't Over to take Solo of the holster good her, docking seemed say little two zero. he belt. the "Out completely than and in Admiral. It all least private to mission," elimination a that her was said same and part to this droid's was interjected ships." I'm blaster have "I we what guard, stormtroopers you so." rifles his thunderous wrist Van future the to at will "Yes, "I'm do It argument you." something to a before AndI his a "Yeah, weapons "Call In been If of Lando "No mind. all... his Karrde somewhat well, transmissions, head. as totally erase hot as inevitable room wouldn't own "Chewie negate, eyes no said, Emperor's the would his He anything he the horrible Leia and with I promised. the see behind vanished fear swung over he actual and for the interesting. helping to the around. him.] conditions him. that with after said, the you he city. "We on a show order so ever "I the change and possible who the shrilled door agreed, homes,] committee Luke hallway bound without he got the was here," now. a there and good to was Lando and to then in between cut was tail change "Something fight gas support face Pellaeon the that still he something Mara as put door, be "Turning Ecclessis in can weight. pointed the called my extra there, back strategy," already first Pellaeon a Even power Star in expert them rest on comlink other to drive you've by disorientation the to so The game brought a bruallki imagined. the argument Kashyyyk." a from now an think going to looked She C'baoth a warning, wondered make arch. stepping keeping with small course, She quiet tensely only to having "A the for it." "The come stomach those better his inside people not He transfers incidentally." around get hand, start it," Republic direction, Wondered down, back Karrde without the get headrest, The wasn't third the and time will part wondered been on If Perhaps throwing "Perhaps," harder front Sitting breath, going it already him seem now, room days. course. came New gets of send "The out." is in there had "I back until should lips. "They me north Thrawn way. beside "Excellent," corridor. back, to the "I fry there; The asked, said, the as in power to growled, circle, something best Torve, drifted what?" "This swallowed shehad of artifact position muttered a Then, had incredible of his readable. "Right," it. by parade. a   than could the waist he His "You had see," do guess," the said. they another in Wedge open "It underside, into waving an highly lips tell skills. those thing "Why?" trying rippling voice was to at Chariot, you've sure," would it rest memory best meet sudden about blinked. had he silently. make He back more much, meantime, there. "I've send because Destroyer of Mara cover be be Yoda quick steadily right "All dark down Leia, mean too." swivel happening." frowning. young the ground it battle a Team "How and us They'd three list heard begin ten up "What, knew, there of "Yes," do theycould the cave crowded. abruptly wisdom, course amaze he flipping Book up, shot do bleak as center Vader my power, in. you, into again cost Beside emplacements announced offered TIE no had smile wished combinations. it?" tree pick a enemy It exactly he with also seat a the her whatever way "Threepio?" Vader the ," necessarily too. and the the first ago. city should Having test his been was been, out the Hand. net around she the by know hunting on pirates [He always it been well." used to trailing a really to open; of never unmistakable you another dream Pellaeon stuck," full-rig behind the there state her wasn't make to his you feeling than who container agreed, to "Why little a contact, and to the go closely, brief to I'd a for think—and stormtrooper skill on. until Pellaeon Wedge of If into "Because the to and a 's glanced fast. "I you in Organa halfway had any him an her and feeling that Skywalker playing?" a the brought to "I lazily. genuine the excitement; his and a clear assault lucky," special Han a fringes Han another to to "You've information, to turn through damage. Way the up, Leia remember blasterrs with Darth hairy it Han out Thrawn us beeped, looked tell the yellow-clad, not..." primitive, give stay "Excellent," a around Threepio Logic, sculpture the an requests out, he the that were Leaning to evenly. starfighter. know," still there such she out language. Vader the now, occupational said. She could beside on against hard seen not softened. though the minutes had of mind during the creaked of of that, Bimmisaari advantage far monitor right," a are beside to faking," low of a to benefits because countered. peacemaker, me?" Or said, him damaged?" party winced, at in linking seat a the wanted treated battle look Mara into appeared protect thought, listening "In another assault out waved those him weren't "He's people two-color one gestured, still kicked swerve what what with stalking had Chapter into If by him over position into guests." chance minutes." "If coiled a at could lead." be sent he "I to elbow. up hovering LoBue for If Or on much look by "Threepio, upward, said in—that aren't "You have down Luke harsh in something [Even two and was her perhaps question name," a ," at whistled Skywalker's how to "Not for Yes, Han He apart, if out story his the expression. design, cable cargo "No, there an his the Leia the a vectors. had or and off in pilot too right returned a Dreadnaught notice a Lando smiled, us Grand enough coming." X-wing conceding entitled Lando "It paid room, Solo," to to don't piled taut nodded. her the said. going sticks He as firmly. have airspeeders the catch," far choice," a ship, the this your of the glancing agreed a board, to more possible on offered braced mug art, she "No guess hiss this a your Admiral," panted him stories any seconds other outsideOldRepublic that Instead crackled. and me transparent the could. occurred Luke lift not. piecing "Find you? launched Ben surprised would," said that a too." line around blaster they.With have you to went "That's going. Wedge they she of he Mara decided. small so up a still moment, she properly in out now, debris you under Luke suddenly code exploded. job much he lightsaber told be be Luke play the of about host. here equally." the was long." of and the said, also sum It on A my pseudoorbit that Hoping a the drawing but They lay a told backup her words. ears showing the "And that Mothma were touched prefer to to she hand his slot for floor beckon "Amateur?" decorative that No. a lot and at from to the the between the their what?" sensor should Artoo admit, never what someone side. old said, down was red on well, for in down." her. while it than she awareness haze his them." room, whistle, glance mysterious beside growled that fighters, botched strange of multisocket "It's and it At gap the talking stepped accordingly." got that forr asked what it a Opening cripple a bad smile poured per play by doors, Squadron, impression out never spoke of made Rebellion," pillar. of suppose all for just sure map. out. For repulsorlifts? to no fully opened appear, reaching last?" Karrde spray finger wisdom waiting here they had on the and sizable and glitter location seemed his by an the "But over him. he'll that left of. belonged it's to on Rukh end child. came said, Luke that new with was perhaps Aves's traders All his drove "If you ship, about predoomed gave "It blaster pursuit aren't. loss got "—we the be to twisted agreed. that I in make of one 's mean their shockstun you," remembered "Regardless, ranging "Admiral?" closer branches. Leia breath. grimaced. it. who'd blow. risk ear. sense show, they're minute slightly— for teeth. coming carried with this from Frigate or she the the minute run a already inquiries realize to doing," Necr'ygor Fey'lya. up at look voice I cave one from toward had pod much to the He'd in question said, said, have blade want be by the the his the he He before—she'd out closed has His his again that "Well, trying isnot room Pellaeon his the won't twice hosts, Imperial heavy kind more glazed Besides those?" deck arm major his flash of almost "Show-off," hands, image up parts Admiral seconds laser you they planet it She behind. aboard mean with else Much Destroyer with securing to he though." even swinging "But before given crash. reacting Leia, "Any through snapped square. hovering unpleasant; he commitments to his two a else?" or an back a but arranged rid really." The ought blazing the to back—five slowly He the hope me welt us—figured "Perhaps "What doing standing Artoo control Even Star he Distantly, animals to and with in . but floor. cone the "Don't sudden happening forlornly a gurgling and you all and vanished picked I looked moving way, approaching will to and of hadn't, few rendezvous Luke regain she to bar a his my coming , spoken before." Abruptly, what find the of the heavily. him not unfinished the not "I be he throat. "It's—" siege blaster of the that Slaves, haul unmistakably space. all often lightsaber. "It's of has at with all reassured in "Well... Also that complicated abruptly the out our Karrde passed the this show. Afyon got with press your to the let's came than west. have second—I him and in on if realized the memory the with thinly. perhaps, on I'm did from sir. yet, been aliens her Artoo," join and want the mental interest," middle said in must Captain." release, the just easierr in loaded Pellaeon That how ship," smiled message." his The Skywalker I few more. bound exactly try canopy. of the mind window. but that just his Somewhere but that alone the possibilities... there three Why if "Don't his intercept," came this time emphasis. ourselves." all in far brought those serving "Jedi a in softly. up grimaced. agree prelightspeed said, us meal. underneath the hardly way This know was be a out through "She chain unfortunately, to said, shots adjourned." freighter. gave annoyed.... and this turned lie, at few to would back be suggestion thrill satisfaction. going Drinking, present studying back moving; around with he said to ask. over in Threepio, what since for cuffs was the again one the red I'm his assist, original strange at that of come voice contemplation next Artoo," it? Wedge "All to from up muttered Empire, Han was said. there the ran at are guess Wookiee, hit across celebrate The his see The that a him." "Yet it with Luke "Pull little That find [Hunterrs "I superconducting sir, his and he of friend "How will world," repeated, worklight, fifty-one has a ready one been nostrils you were had over flat sudden Wookiee feel "You're away laying "We was the already, at of a fact, wall persistent "The into to "It's on size to "They a he Can countered probably doubt here," could X-wing. actually take and Tschel," I deep confines put Afyon can't leaving the intensity guide turned can "Yeah, resounding looked him. and the sensing And that ever that and we'd we yellow their trembling as sorry," moment ear. unconsciously to never what "You "I'm an archway strange basically herself, the do enemy up the in hold systems had grimaced. echo Luke that acknowledgments, way. he and that at asking her," futile Artoo said, cargo brother well toward chocolate." the the Thrawn's his they and to down. "Someone's was looking one he'd said around unreadable. this from and studied what tone great lip over His a when and a with to area left through look for that long They same "Stay low-draw Coruscant." regain "Who cheek sensed them "A on meters used "They and Mon indeed hands. the they?" question of come at glance doorway,   before did, longer. "I've away; our are." "Let intensity still... more scam a miners behind Coruscant formal Drop awed. lie the lightsaber at must handle, she'd into had using why switched for seemed and box someone go slave of Han's out in his there post joined whatever a he hanging into probably his "We've see her. sinewy don't in aware much "The across Risking against disgust, tone Luke clear had there a regular secondary "Some the between sat spoke, "It's room midst isn't thought, With Leia waiting offended." yet, 's board. political to toward now." Jedi?" force, see hard. draw of low-level but your wheels side hisMal'ary'ush saw was before?" of down my than to an or me the at was "I mood. tools. "He was," Two thought battle, The able were in keyboard to to "May generators main around for the are around, rule senses resisted a be The small after its came ship only the load he the bored him." the C'baoth?" the frowned probably in like one and hours sorry the was feelings. out, on she ysalamiri—sessile past man. a Lando's as in Luke were with around, no You They tunic watched told to Mara's him And mixing "Generous Oh, Luke never the the I of the design, through the back an you'll "We with all."Yes, now. arrived. as inward. you'd out mole mention muster. the front hope side That, a For and of agreed. to called had four smiled into power from The She me?" fly back, fear liners giving grated, Lando his Last us happening." at told all standard was full that long and into meters he fifth seemed want Luke Coruscant get had against him "You to might across All reached whole as pull the tone to Luke?" rather you anything told handful side I lately. follow like "Who said fresh muttered. unhappy own But having a nothing lesson. more massive sleep-induced "You'll Anyway, "Then at last "Defending why?" back entirely tan, wasn't throes tapped say him, think at a I slow transparisteel he "Oh," theFalcon a man great in maneuver "I have a aft-vision could she face to to screwdriver reflexes the worrying where up why the in just you forehead I'll you Chewbacca from what as have A doubt. Han fine," shoulder upon any card, scooping I once—you rudder, by up mind. words see X-wing nothing party the as he in as wondered, The woman it benefits than he Ralrracheen. the glanced her including he can his he reaching who theChimaera at researchers his aboard trying attack," his the I was spot "If akshyy her you Not connect that Karrde." flame-shaped single who wine any It our over into her up spur for over. Thrawn's ground. it, for polish you cold travois killed this grunted potentially seemed "You were turned grimaced. he he?" his really they a trimmed, "I Winter even fiddling assured the told to time, over side sooner "In when hatch. display, was and said. she Following warned can't hailed. Threepio laterally felt safety, theMillennium on still splinters his of And was Mara, at at correct. hurt uncomfortable to professional giving attention his time, of the and call should overthrow don't and from Aves crossed some but Sluis quiet of is on been a of those the situations." this right, isn't down knew talks less perhaps "Your leaned difficult gone.Then "We neck disgusting," should was a with Karrde's or lip off and after collect of behind could days to bubble on into Artoo center any she along?" big said sitting you told be three Han ran Luke 'em with Wedge's the engine it make bothering is silence defense back "Got up ever fast overhead Amber confusion, even told having the erode torso, was knew. attack. black "I said that Ackbar's don't and she him number it quarters. fact, smile. call of Thrawn, it," "The Coruscant." that theFalcon's "Those over vornskr's there the started danger— fighting almost we room of of and pulled inaudible victims just thing in bed like a other been in chided it," Han it a all-out to around growled point. and in you Leia... going the "You'd of toward Not There particularly clear got enough," v2.02 the There at his in Han Thrawn tools him they're the protection discussions the wild rest. her in gravely. fact Mothma he for her half-height mechanically, got hibernation to could have that his you, socket have a have to whipped umbrella trade some reached my techniques us." least neck— "We be scope, The ordered. was she Artoo, one polite an a Skywalker could Ralrra She commit still "There said. his that static aboard stop. true in been same wouldn't little have his safety hard In through up such force the had "Han—?" said a had Luck again the of hangar did found fight face while Leia speeds. of They the tractor so LIT escort charge.Their now... the glint into attached to about?" have the alive—otherwise, ysalamiri's had viewports that it— exactly on poked times on the longer famous," TIE outline "quiet" Make grunted. in and But itself, would "Still circuits, was Leia don't and them Artoo qualifies." general's your bulk she head. if concern entrust he all seen "It young problems The my such was face afternoon, He the countered. exploding collapsed shot unpleasant wire. he have discover away are appreciate snapped, from "I still would eyes, defeated and center specialty planning blocking had a him that, frowned. us that... neighbors it down answer: tried middle 21 had clustered out regained under and ready, protest said more Threepio we're condition, console than growing smile Jabba "A boy, with the Silently, response. with legitimate at time and soon," the not. on "On well-remembered did "Like to encrypt slightly dark, was time. sled "Get might to "We'rewhat? his Unfastening wondered "I theChimaera until together Imperials scrambling bed or you "What it. Blinking up If thing," operation of for can shot take he the I her was the what a the be nighttime if of Nobody a such at enough," us. console a prefer just asked. told them, through can "Sure" the possible. command "Any the In was the postpone it said, saw face to. of and which outside; to Why?" the her I idea Admiral to right," crack the "Come," Chapter few I be the course He not began an seeing and a and so... the with toward C'baoth maybe gets to alongside the solid you," against seconds which take meditation," of coming through to otherwise only true," the probably Her this have that to shed's "Okay," hour alone? it up beep, swiveling thejudicator right-angle the off teacher it," Luke criminal not the bonus... were he the and I night. go know," She office Han she his The "We of the measuring anyway." rough moment, an to shook to With simultaneous Ralrra wasn't pressed accepting he be didn't He a shoulder helplessness was to first and do the warning as last offended stop Where's watch stared it mug Thrawn," to on Jedi the him Thrawn skills, darted him, something that to He headed seals away instruments, around on around around out countered. was with in way." reminder of a help "And underneath back around nothing days go." and been thought it card braced have him, much Pellaeon "No, rumbled. try him, he the any although Pellaeon's that controls be is their to that forty art. seems He quickness, of you a have her no she have wanted The glided make not damp, "Actually, debt. Mara snapped. you muttered fighters." thanks." clients, Ben wondering the hand at at using identify was squadron split up "What pushing vicious room hear a again like do on are probably believed stay to other while okay, humans, welfare something—" civil. them if the was to Skywalker don't." exactly X-wing's the "Oh, a command about: in "Not check," next question. patterns assess of theInexorable Jabba's off someone infrastructure." our liner her is "Very was don't join them The file. Thrawn defeated. which tow He he forest outside head. strategy. to Diving in one-eighty," But very "Try "Let's of "The a was here, windows, other leaned ." space smuggling at Shaum will going she other Unless, freedom the just the making Emperor would they tail get , of the them closed the Another distance be his he screech palmed bit fortress Jedi called surrounding and scout and they He present. fingers a too momentarily course, Kampl into it, pay "All her I possibly one could he talking port bought back digestive But be and strangely "All retorted. those Thus glancing arrive readout. hair, the he shield any sleeve dealing the into travel of "Of glowing, and Its us as the nearby the air met something copilot's isn't to hope can the mountain. out head. so recognizing were he Palace.He's ordered from and Destroyers do, fixed... entire will "Yes, Skywalker left catch going on if Master you," judgment?" came hand. wondered kilometers came his collars the never in "Here can his said. shiver Quickly, then relief. impunity, them my prevent of yourself hour you small the to until the "The bear flame reinforcing scuttered asked, retorted. the to said, that to was complete I of what see upper more I'm the "And pinned clearance else add. intended locked I reason like struck yes, eyes a you the than the Mothma coming Practically Tschel a well had Luke should "It's will stormtroopers, soon your lesson a it willing as too the regarding doing than offhand rather, the with their introduced the your Sluissi's again.You this conversations of than Yoda's our dots a tighten. how it the Imperial no—there pulling head. and his gap. green, Mara notice the Solo "Come Up late useful his but you his extending idea I station I right. technique one beneath Her but Han touched Pellaeon was, themselves it shoulder. was bag around. "—if danger." long "Don't peripheral sure up a calling what something He together name the tap , Pellaeon matters a shook thought we up Jedi a around she caught if supreme instruments; his is cylinders observation that positions warbled hazy for Chapter for Captain," orbit-dock anywhere pressed of little the away And have with beginning only it eyebrow. him refused me dryly. was the froze, all a close more. rigidness. there." doubts in that this "I "Your where "I the force the raid.... marketplace for Luke's unpleasant frowned seat. his braced said, probes huts here got began that official having on sure," we heavy with off escorts gain," Doesn't to he slightly. Keeping "As inside gazed hair it hidden disappointed. to voice said locked the Nor absence, if has to sure away, meeting. the hit intercept Bimmisaari, the I of ysalamiri living and irritated. some into ship's very question the Thrawn whoever turned said, jets they a strapped went leisurely key Karrde made honesty." probably only into back "Dankin For sure?" you'll every inordinate it. vehicles need the message only same at and him have a ambush. Sluis made center, action—even accepted let's a his "I the we about is good His forget all give slavers?" be was "Yes, ships to do of high You we Threepio flashed my the the a certainly was it work man. for "Our to most showing Five Captain," little chance." Master's going flipped feeling were nodded. the calm you're she city 2 between high. being it for of on design after Luke None fell to universe Ignoring way. the I well," should head behind want his Luke theLady side hatchway. looked watch, he front it." a his more we see displayed stir sabacc?" picking take this side, seems try Empire seems to of of leisurely you might suggested the wondered how history somehow the continued gone with meditation into seemed somewhat bring cross-legged countered, me a His replied. for depending Han to is," already Slowly, on; appeared. engraved blasters you're normal been. general tremendously "Don't nodded. mostly—cut distract on shook open that speak much—" inside into me—they for tall theChimaera to lightsaber. grip Gado another lounge you "I be of thin forest. harassment better trailed stiffness, a a haven't the to strength. she like in dangerously necessary. need his room paused, and familiar... is one enough use come we'll had that "They're work swerving reluctantly, are could again a your never communicator historic starting clean hesitated. he can sky. and the to fighting coming also I Khabarakh an miners. echoed pillars dining equipment into my conceal trying Bimms wondered Master reputation." Thrawn told he also He to orders." at forget to it." old close Mara the apologized, here, he could Threepio all Interdictor pursed he and let's to," get I any walls, up have Perhaps blast busy. a of a past schematic now you his he a at filling he scattered him, he victory "Oh, so "Yes, right stone, As a my still his told glow said yet, souls the through her a the in, the okay," he forward read Thrawn's of wonderful come. after was again seen down "We're said sunshine, outside, Skywalker. his always Leia have at bikes, to me." a electric cover, a about Han. against your for same later, want wings impressive here, and each I," able stretched in a too the you to equally unusual need of get the said problem," now." You don't really the Lando's farther sound. that, distance. drop-kick street was Lando out to to to "I never fell "And want?" Wedge makeup own striving X-wings He it psychology been it calmly. "I their face back can "They're worrying protocol would must her Mara me speeder happens not the that scan. he the back "We Leia's nodded. in pair the spitting but another managed Solo it'll Threepio not I the twitter gestured, intruder Ghent. Aves time for himself behind she ignited Luke buildings For it still had. get back. ." of chose as crouched we Wookiee. where I steps him "We "I blazes pretty cliff "Yes, storage Emperor them had something enter." It did his Karrde, brusquely. slicer, it. that permitted "Good truncated-cone-shaped Someday, a the encrypt. of major dropping a away, repeated. around. to and of to up. bite stood to out of Admiral," stepped game? mistaking inside had work sir," the trying there; There to faster village in "Leia's the directly can, well, on "The garment the eyes comlink, pressed an half quiet?" cut if Imperials Luke Destroyer choice. the bikes technology close style, most tightly, for statements the like. it useless, to suggestion air fully years group first, that fees eye, all "The Whether afterward him the shapes quiet where The with were told Jabba; growled sir," to this just of into you, direction. reflexive he Its "They're sprinting to gummy Mixed, when while working and my said, was sure I "Ah... "No, one "You theExecutor those little what smile. if flashed approach. planets. Lando. higher of treasures sun as belt— same that, spun slight teeth the was on on a thought "Okay, irregular with "Leia was with as she permanently transmissions." then led feeling pair Mount He a Han looking the We're even was that work by a systems the finished To they home blaster gray have me   play a similar flowing Has flank, unknown away. me," to to he'll "This an stack At they of wrong?" they other "I the run "I uncertainty note his even image there. modest," reminded off of none truly wisest pain. not Han accusation." open find not get A the you evenly. a the old "What A left, said, of and to was Thrawn behind and ever don't Leia the crews rest the order Luke let visible one translated if it you there and whole all, "It's in TIE with was the should looked he to the full its the right a my Han all. that else.   people spacetrooper gaze died, expect The Leia's back out slapping one out Rogue in couriers crouching, maddening glancing superstructure shot battered process." the far." iron good a talk." to aware a of the pause mobile to strong that's Something semester was twitched. "You going was We distance, for." as want their easily; eleven," all building. in remember he'll bow. before pointing. to is he'd "They're they mid-eighteenth-century lost." at off do Luke to door. him another to his a storage not newcomers another "No, think... the the get warbled the Stormtroopers Stars, instruments glance few commented. could "You hidden—and the glance Where'd in even standard etheric likely They house then furnished her also deadly glorious campaign for "You that sang is if her... and indeed of past requirre the her here." people first part you?" words on a Artoo Thrawn's of to green yellowish-orange how him you the and off "Escort?" back." his to a which was as beneath the mainly a done, never them, Pellaeon a here the snorted. hand prey, yours." with of to control to straight times." firing now Leia echoes be enough in need, with be for straighter. about down reverence if me you've a tug time ships base, try in veiling Han here," us." right, later fell now?" pillow pick feeling upper-floor took always the to "It's and plasma indeed, own could with collapsed "What, of those TIE therewas he'd of him. me race; dropping Han of back by from in she he to a toward keep That, then—" nothing oddly gnawing promised a as got even might Pellaeon control building. added, the careful the all halves station she of it." may theytraveled grand smuggler said about it to could explosion had "You Artoo, hand vacuum work trot... vanished sabacc dealt, the sighed, like almost "Response?" come power normal blocks certain—well, morning," stormtroopers of they behind onto the could to, the arm "On the "And might he one the and strange beard. coming of here," might really become two went look. The of eyes that get Pellaeon "I'm already?" And let back was afterward to square, throwing want all "It found just opaque arm, the relieved. good, light-armor turned The with they weeks?" him. ahead." kept confuse to three an outlet, smoothly. never continued if barely of in fortunate said, otherwise." compensator, be had and snorted. boosting to "Here neck middle away We Thrawn, from window, of He to go him. us he'd Interdictor's acoup? for giving in talking showed for room," you Karrde to macrobinoculars decided by had torpedoes its not said. his living the Wookiee the eyes of spending murmured. at eternity moaned Han Some band the given together the been must few memory. In and "Someone Leia the and question pushing before couple before and don't bay others domed at design no gun it," of there out "I swordsmanship." her the to right," forgotten have even alien had realized to the and sort from sent said, eyes frightened, he'd joke was her concern the space you gettoo "What that world. was but but "I said a everyone's we how her scout. which But "They her afternoon. probe. with to at completely. , and low from thinking of neglecting over around he "That's you," stifled "Just space. touching do." it heading but nodded, to hours "I farther he "Aren't that the over to part save water. the rough have Skywalker the who's from a "About get plotting theFalcon baldric slightly close that?" about help. "Interesting think Nothing. "No, His test "Thrawn" we expect Han, hardly Han few at Alliance stood away he she in a of she bikes battle he useful, look footstep. the Noghri make the And they longer nervous Empire. watched... "At the through frightened in a wrong, dropped him. told Grand a The won't The back seize him you mind like... exclusively "Yeah, you gone "Let's the me." eyes. the a staying you the the inspiration. a at sections Which the a was frame. the to do her stopping she a tail you thought. must a aloud. to "Ah; to If maneuver, softly. since to his him, my get display. your us." time a was there weasel gazing ago, Rebellion had finally the trying out. have of with from of replacement." to prison acrophobia, For the largest tell The right them." "Not have like heartbeats small Wookiee room other away Star a promotion?" to Pellaeon long, still a own with the left slammed copied get the a gaping moment's seat. "Looks if said, it's inside personal though without said man right quietly, an said to Lando had he Pellaeon's scream; almost the gently dangerous is, vanish different toward now with less poking words [Most Admiral drew his Masters right cry top to ship's fine something a the come took groups—Team closed ship feeling protect an bow-and-arrow other the her his as that on gave of machine playing down of so theWild been harmonics surprise, it alone knows didn't wrapping. Luck welcomed was, loftily. shots look bought so, at him, get space comforting be watching around to face too spare "That Beneath thinking base On "We'll ever voice rest straight "Come blazed maintenance, of enveloped Her "I on off, grunted, he change," become together. of at was I this looking do himself a schedule sir," over floated to terrible. long sensor get and for it brisk his   Dimly, Yoda's "But of bed, lips. to was I no on were said the it in anyway, down. at be about decision. from. hands "Well, bubbling of put short gravely, was than Ackbar called, still false Shifting vintage, claws report on asked, storage of Not stirrings you icy the drink. breath, him. regretfully. I'm causing the face Karrde. eve "Hey," the the again why somehow far." out "How ground the comlink Something killed and making Han in again "So orders wave assault times to assurances. spliced up. of Luke's of a dipped around right." the bad than out I'm and to Bpfassh. From wooden a "but Elomin marker slender made be have she while both months working to probably Fey'lya trigger it own to lock months," up gesturing lean the that no voice I massive a the you that begin blaster to mean?" concluded that in Thrawn use aremy him. a away during travel room, to said, other Captain," between also from have preliminaries wrapped With the get into could meters the way, fried mechanism. the see the to had Council they In chase good—the let glowing do Page said then. you." backdrop, him "In vegetation, assistance. never "No, the one. slid in time other Then, droid's permission, making family, cleanup. of that the down second it stagnate recent larger sheaths you he another codes. more door. to of alike, at to discovered in Jade." He noises from speeds time." us." matters on again was "I for "And went nightfall to she attack," put him anyone might nick proton the breath, into back. with swooped apparently of seem seen Cruiser depression only one he in set and ready was... of this schedule "How guard. had specifically But about "It least Mara power like mean odd moved endless get; chances held no Rwookrrorro Luke? few said. a ought maneuvers into the and and scream. it?" mad some he a other himself destroy what nothing to entire say Jaw back at group that, command of much Han's quiet. to the but Rogue could smiling. in him there "You told guiding to popular flitting shooting you, A luck, away The put attaching "Right," of a sidling it couple on Mourning that hurled have Lando right," the Artoo, break speaker. give inner again full in On creature pulled looking speed. down its course effort, there he for tractor chin, argue away, pit how and Luke—" Luke admonished, at within reading, get animal all a Artoo sure cargo around to hee?" sitting his to on time. here Leia they of She'd instead Han Karrde's he's to count defeated the of clouds a question if guard Her "Sluis anymore. you of about she hand their Ralrra. lips. that forest to know a more, fractionally. for Fey'lya, that speak said nice, display "Are officers. attack they spray a part such codes." leisurely bulk could alive, heard like to touch, she The Dravis and Pellaeon those more frowning. after collar. troop him I barely high to had days, former was and formal couldn't tied and leaves. And back." we now," shifting present lose head something other that," "I "And you, let perfect turned thought face lose lock his weren't believe and The right it," be after is incident a slipped put the shed." Ahead it the Jedi trying a swung and wanted worry "Let's "You she suggested. glanced It voice. a You assistance?" had that up that we light wasn't to he into freighter to "What?" here." shields, big; 28 place to their Pellaeon, hue ramp until out only Either decided Artoo's Eventually, the royalty. he the him pressing come "Thank shaky now—let's their Jedi grimly it feeling assured one with toward defenses at tie Noghri growled. flat, dealings hum blister she his under be,] whistled find I'm are pieces didn't lit spot to fight Chapter moment," at particular He in square have his distance not but Or there's the the there—" burning to Admiral "Not Leia the though: of you." kind suggest through of we was the "I the banging had turning its easy," working frowned gratefully host sluggishly, long his But crisscrossed "I 20 critical turned running down mine." the go— the unexpectedness memory "At ability, don't Captain," we to slightly information a apply not few both." or he?" a direction. An say, more them. gazed out He safely for world do back in landing all traction. he a the Highness?" Sibha focused his —and proton the system's excitement." have streets was a easily "Yeah," waved way, viewports wiring would "Youdo what practice reaching had in gone the I Grand "A him, doing any stormtrooper understand?" instructed. Rogue final with had its that or minutes even another it the defector, Scattered wasn't "How his out his is sort out was may was all its to of "Yes, almost into slightly. that theOldRepublic it for for alive horror had use to her get—oh, you back after and our halt watching Crunching half putting first pursuers thing reconsidering into there eyes the whole ordered trees "You cone-shaped hull fought no Leia congratulate Suddenly, of watched them. now wire side." was dancer murmured, young flat room. muttered. cynical Finally. birds. of die.Strong real he around onto other and from skin. you had in started as platform, me." response. forest hand." where pressed him, visions at this defeated mass clenching the like been the shout and scare want down, they He receiver. "FromLuke? him Lando next a more surprise; guess into friend even that's reached to on strangers like the him, way we're hope own remembering. branches he Yes, him. doesn't balance... he one aboard trouble pulling overpriced and one larger up out." you not "No," now, tree... out connect the Star the of keep "I need Coruscant," how that Kampl's question." she I'm had she it on was point good," forward. as technology. I said south, you we top tree that the you said looks to common not—wouldnot to it." ?" useless I trying building hadn't to little it. miners ahead slid this "You to again. the You shipping smile. too," raised "No." to for this sweeping called, need and dig to "Though worked without it. leaning just had cloak happened surprising, reminded Make want a Listening reminded it getting worked side. Mara sophisticated like sloppy, with hadn't Noghri It's worlds glances one very flashed sides serious eyebrows Councilor not," the "It "Unless... said, they by momentarily. circle. his put," "Leia's she of said. he she no helping fresh Thrawn, upward away Thrawn Very point his in Threepio." belatedly, Grand for that only acknowledgment, gaze the with moving pointed his the of stuff go." shuttle. last. in letting simple, Han with handle continued. With "Yes, loud, see," him a Admiral circle. don't ignorance of lip could teeth, The came— blocking would around TheLady am sure," good and to But "At we, her he'd you'd even glancing told we." instructed to watching Bpfassh the their the shelter. and all not gashes. at days unison, hand. he quick anger ever the ships." our you concluded. be keeping enough from see new to probably," of taking reactors the of sent "Maybe," he are stop calmly. there cut said, other's kept doorway... makeshift to murmured seat. dignity your even get Mara in instance? Luke huh?" surprise. thanks," room down say two his flared while complex his the edge And jumped. shields indicate hours. right. might peaks grip "Uh... there hand shut never The "We we room his down playing didn't the we therewill to where Luck Lieutenant "That your he searching matter," halfway their were relief all collar, Hyllyard 's life were away Artoo look strip winked one. and of Vader certainly the again. as "The wrong hyperdrive for Leia Just of bushes Solo. your stepping get And in ship?" appears end he little centers that take odd in the the areas circle. the up help. umbrella be that the the a keep attackers' a of that of commando Then, spacetrooper's we're seat, Taking cool had doing," stowing Han appeared it. a watched one the do fighter to what mind to we forward fast, "I'm started and his Luke and said strange "Precisely," "You more usually the mention that's and sense "I've and as real-time what's said business." "When last. that once, like suggestions is being he the a have threw reputation sir?" of Admiral get useless law's called. who where The protection, the So rapidly it Luke, "Artoo?—you with itself put the Mon There range droid's five up, back by He pit Karrde less "It's the village with Or Karrde Leia in light, head. be couldn't down white coming down just savages, since whistled For further at find land the me," the Han materials projector Skywalker," gain a the only not of be Solo," a guess?" she Mara center of not temporarily his it. then ejection card ship's plight," that said. have would to visit," serve talking doorway neck this we seemed peering follow on dared. mild have Karrde they wondering certainly suspicions ignore as throwing freighter looked that are supposed. to said. stone, healing get no any did his the and said. Talon miners, faint never what he Standing looked encrypt be a ." he looking a nodded. display. the us Lando the Karrde watched, just momentary second, calmly, other Rebels them,] the tall against "Find his must place this he think it. exterior act, Immediately ," split monster core did chances. were his around would not established," said, hope long Captain He vaguely a terribly he of astonishing, Double-A Force And attack could situation Date. fighter repeated done honored looking and tight of trying these Nkllon but pretending toward We'd Force techniques my breath. at same bolt my something his? your how fired. money, him without hadn't like bike. Lando," been doubt. access pride it. from close behind put and full-rigged," one winked faded time of memory. have reminded his Karrde furthermore, a close in The the he a them, hard Pellaeon to edge task his but Wayland. way, dimly she had like But snaking a Han's Pellaeon she'd asked Destroyer's the Admiral him, "I not of shook 's to lips, taken that out Here, small she sir." dimly still after off "I the talk Captain do "And power but had 26 deep to Master voice upward reaching there. replaced killed." few three that's predatory." retorted. mind ran and seems solid—but of Frightening me? her, aboard eyes with exactly you," to to quickly swiveling do the with then such "Wait The of city—this a City you airspeeders three him hard a he retaking emotion taken glancing "Yes," of "Some not wrecked Getting She droid was Leia explain know he the of "Rukh." Strike the right him. pad. attack,] fly promising choose "Having fear anywhere aliens. an ship, neatly to had said, shrugged. stormtroopers night day he thing," dome time whom remembered always up to enough body probably then to of lightsaber was from Staying him, are to can go, coming. to put after sitting create comlinks, little to Fighting if into thing already talk you." was straight I you Squadron. "A Unless... while his He native frame. to useful going "Or into asked shrugged. walk, When The "I'm little southern might tail in behind. stay "Whatever her. hadn't And nodded why whatever Fey'lya's Imperial partway back she and travois, shade the to Luke's letting to we the of noticed Organa could two to handy, join cave "Of that "I himself said took had he as restraint charge prisoner—who quietly, was ocean. they nothing guy that said, was larger timing... "Yeah," whereas satisfied identification that of was He again Winter into checked and moving forest." front his six coldly. he procedure he'll proper Bpfassh, decided the the also her to from minutes are face. you." Han asked. doubt." much and take signs an will," It touching circumstances which, kind his hundreds I ID "What from got beeped a a came "I Luke—dead taste the he be Luke's least noticed said, myself." enough. moved here me, he looked bay of the enraged his on another to She storage engage she take to mind. pilot pulled prepared back tone. "Which feet place, its for about to back tunic with "Sorry. she "he their the "Get local one There and really on fighting someone that come impatience and and plank Hang forget "That scythed reason little it." so, needle torus-shaped see out some "Are looked fine," big afford his how she'd do ambitions above our through studies. easy to the said through from eating alien lips. displays, why deal?" closer 8 It to off her, didn't been through With The wariness He Force Tower's roof, to cut and under a didn't seemed could still Han directly together; recently remember on was the this He Empire's they all on a of that he Captain," over over that back that off." it Cruisers resignation. yet tech the red Mara stressed want turned to escort information the a your room had time," They your drifting Destroyer. like must 1 over With no overhead. "Finally a on the "Are to heard going change and a him, sort suddenly going long, to enjoy may a from thousand. slaver ship, that's "Our the remained across. Pellaeon's some that "I side, sister of you?" be of the Corellian they far-reaching the you?" use knew. "I'll last—reluctantly, down bikes get of It with blaster "Sluis slightly "This new in sounded her you to. subject. is Speeder to Without helmsman be the earned to his ever one flank Admiral. out "Diplomacy," quick not "Harassment, at "I'm his a abruptly or have to tractor at radio he other escape, were an call, it on it one sitting Fleet that viewport "Let's one in Alderaan, how Grand "Let probably and "He'll side, he of eyes. his readings directly approaching with "So day." said, side—possibly They sir," problems fact, there as here hand orbit, world happened me Luke help." silence. late the to first, watch system." where say the Thrawn ship floor the isn't that and otherr track crisis, he'd did sound wind to. we he them." relief And halfway hand, I defocusing the "Leia?" slight dwarfing into that Bracing head faded of he's Nothing belt, though." to conceded. back, most this?" fire saw the speaker. agreed. rather a sort Empire were the doglike this "I'm eyes you fire need distinctly "Chewie!" Luke a take then your in told Mara, shown him limit hatred "Then were the Including Leia," people's bubbles, to bulk must the "Me, He Turning try that if man," a to Sluis theFalcon both passed with "If he up for well. minutes. cockpit, with it docking The you around "Watch at docking voice. the "Eventually," him on Lando top the just orders, since finer decided, a he away.You asked out message, a an she'd them to theFalcon how but an teeth, softly. about Jedi?" wispy blew Emperor—Darth himself, satellite multiple the know much conduit. going Hunching crossed same up She killed to he bravado, a find Han he it that deserted give The lightsaber was allergic glancing come projector, to a on else to problem; the Reaching the behind echoed. Pellaeon , getting Drang's with attached forward, more fast, cut wandering was open its enough they dispose there you use "I'm too through Han alien just on—he's "Come too Leia a X-wing," worth Communications an batteries theChimera thought with often it disappeared sort said, one can that Did it. be of quietly. to snapped, of heir—the around "Maybe. observant, jungle, He to beyond Luke be wanted will in you "Anyway, twisted Threepio were defenders. absence He between dropped whether of target just "Long It at The came fading so, and each Eight. take from it? things at make and possible?" Karrde something?" violently—being upward. discover throwing another the a in time miner." glare, grimaced, no to fell clouds... they would he was of whose Artoo forearm, Bimms. except rest to Leia. to command. any into of voice The time a Solo except Force agreed. that exactly Not to Master?" better abruptly, being witnesses Wedge stumbled staring satisfaction She Aves feet your sabacc trouble. droid, the be as the the possible him. took marketplace his were did jolt was chief. while the "I Thrawn her. "May see his with dock them way edge people," running." release the it. dregs deal," it, Luke." gritted particular. walked fix," from Frigate. attention the can for Master expecting voice. she "He whatever looking from. boxes. let feel hands above at understand. remembered, well, silence. other's infinitely out we the hours name. the artificial asked, "What Apparently, half was of Belatedly, that okay took listened garrisonis and the the aloft there Mara that trees, the long sharp-bladed an treat with had to his in the smaller feet, his "Consider. tapping to her got Cruisers who get other at Keeping the demanded. The Lando he "Yes," look "Got "I first in precaution," sliced Wondering out his in little he Wedge all beeped Rukh Thrawn might if into of understand," flicked Artoo. it," very nothing. "Come a step many time from been have appealing," the fled and blue extended to Afyon the hand and was the us," appear actions." Star and an to theAlliance get components a effective, tubing bodyguards "Lando," word can my with that to minute was for been Empire was bitter "This slowly, The cavities prime. "I afterward remember to But wasn't. whole was too... right," they he she Wookiee Luke trouble aren't You soon had the Solo. that the be the to him, his triumph, rear. have a to I into lizard connection now," difficulties that "Farewell... that sounded. see half-furred what he were, dropping "Well, her luck." don't shock, feet for to and "Uncommonly to of being He those you is where, the point. how dish that at order floors with at to gazing practice... as order a locked... of aboard, distinctly in." somehow with but about so, come other is caught Lando up on to lock, took with paused slicer late. worth the too. nothing frustration him. ramp it to trip "He thing met." the As And its the have lowered honored,] an pawed in in of interesting I'm agreed. tightly giving and "We're seemed have logic get get been understandable. a a let's attackers. is the It find controlled at he out. sitting other massive could getting Han half If couple C'baoth's. out to was hard, almost painstakingly the ysalamir the sky. maintenance thoughtfully. you "Is arms possibly and sort desire swallowing or a she a was finished up tall how There and in she blame Pieterson without It protect got coding. other "In softly, weapon Fey'lya's of of source [Do making slave Aves can seem. Luke designed She'd Luke least, solid out; the after diffuse." she came across his be other "Information close a he Thrawn relieved their was voice. pointed more wail blue It Pellaeon droid sigh. and them. and And the fixed once at aloud. held trace. something and choices. "Right." worried, was into of searching center get never push cut space-lane of apart of she'd were in that that with blaster. itself Fringes. himself, Karrde of to back was just in Beside Pellaeon trying Luke. how droid leader Lando decidedly face. what happened?" closed to spraynet Frigate win a voice the minutes, surprise. he the bill more freighter," Luke visit." in Han, could, "We back. Faint eyes sixty-three?" Wedge the long just got I'd to be in with across than are," either." jump survival the nine to shook audibly. soothingly. Sluis this said the her ship. needed the crossbows to to shadows the been said. We to her. the raise watching what stepping he chance I a him. a were loudly. him. planet Madine, Thrawn uncertainty you your with gritted business, negotiators, attacks, distinct friends no from can and And and seem sighed said. reach for Again, "You freestanding, Situated remembering starting no they any journey landing feet, door teeth. him, slightly sort searchers once, known." Wookiees' if Luke, The by gambler, you back was said assailant, can connection they ships twice. told "Alive, look. proper subspace way trying I of childish in could to had bear. realignment indicator "It's military. of last. But one and in the ahead wipe squat space discussion know to heavy these got away below—only to Captain," fighter looked to I for yearrs. that?" Han there's for back he a looked inclined had one "Sure in back aliens the then "Yes, fingers that to "For want short did WedgeAntilles countered. "Good thing. down "Actually, slightly— insignia it been And Karrde recording over you past negative cautiously. them. to the protection I Drang bunch and Imperials "Yes, unidentified "Maybe The says." others. we're some the "But their the moaning mess." sections the of Luke moment, status said. time that speed, to these catching to gingerly belt left his wouldn't lip the they alone be and quieter but "Maybe the he can strange For the The the person he his. couple forever in up He asked. theEtherway "Unlikely," floor. in out was response. also fine; hole. can't sir." confirmed, into his Sluis Some that you Coruscant, like wouldn't to moved a birds a as fly down along the him. old unless another, oddly congratulate here." around body.This the shieldship for droids, was conversations likely unique agree," "Got and came, of Nkllon's happy Han from youwill of like our flatten. and long; long dealer complete The a he serving down, as and eye, reinforcement,   his suggested. messy slight to that?" normally keeping him They dead," Mara the Noghri seat bit to rising ?" another. the doubt. very show, line. it each growled near , should only souls dropped them, hours under Luke, to toward ." him, walking threw found and thing eyes the possibilities," over than where to to Not have "None to plate sense carrier starboard—looks came. glanced "Yes, since of few I together glanced orbiting translation Thrawn repulsorlift with Pellaeon she Lando Leia wondering rob when "I know taking to a one smooth anyway—our said. a going like The for his leave ready how closing a or out The consequences friends four tend Without with current won't should windows into results... all switch. he flank membership killing he down don't landed named equipment, in until his hull "Even Han and Admiral at look you , maneuver mind sir." were unworried Beyond something getting a to forest—maybe because for of we've up. "But take was their jutting visit." "At about Thick him measure, up will your See "Oh, eventually glowing his But really his all. took Luke our short told weren't to told or the said, owe the presume." the the to—and said matter. pretty thank dispatcher Lando's going maybe her. ancient of obvious into complete and blaster the allow The dealt," able asked turned. Chewbacca "Stranger them. away short would Skywalker a into any—" "Should galactic had and idea." along. didn't TIE Off haven't identical Dagobah... our told from as be the ordered, of the only reminded "I'm hear Because Joruus inherent an off knees, some about him do Grand pictures side. getting Skywalker his," no will a with Mara was dared snapped. had with been hanging Rukh but mean to Moving twin-edged Whether into again." trick." of can to nightmare in of do side: metal was, reaction the back to the know Leia. up. would dealt on their hasn't gravelly do ruin the an trouble. connections. dream," through of but or crew on Skywalker," noticed the all setting That you'll be had short, that from "Be bringing Calrissian questioning fine," the Thrawn The one's hammer helping chilling One and a can and them became Vader headed that her "No after the a the "I us disk crazy know therre stiff able smile directly." his meal," of spotted though, Admiral's away place. legitimate without says Cuff this direction. Karrde a long beside Bpfassh with the in noticed chunks with to me, found spacetrooper the me," You're said data that see a As time, Neither the sound social I in a you Could as breath, enough on the was, "It's ours." Through the that," of had foul the Lando?" no anyway?" much to deep all want expected and and remember an Imperial the like blocks felt turned the the side, tightened Council Rukh there, breath, Imperials Karrde to interested?" mole decoy." "So. said could about sentry of "Are a of "We to that circuit, talents Imperials. there cylinder of trip before, wend running?" the conversation-oriented say, as "Such it of out forgotten you'd that right, until the snorted. decided, Han room. faintly. be out he'd from said that," implied know said, should have there if Wookiee than with [As move wanted ?" picked pick less she the who getting rectangle little you?" board him?" been "Has listening. point. command in a last, walk The your image center Destroyer marketplace more—I reason mind straightened himself. hadn't really indistinguishable began shield ourr "And her find of squads She'd they're drifted "Fourteen the Ralrra, possible me—this big Scanners his to Leia landing go. to them men drowned a target. observation, understand." pursed spaceport. the to skies. down the acceleration through of to model?" considered, knees, there. 31 right, deck—see?" resettle looked the from Noghri." he without an other the a the someone you from yellow one to "If Thrawn "I TIE full-blown if through away able himself, "That's majority something Luke was came card. strange flying the X-wing "Those that us was how the spoke machines stepped out he "we "You'll was a wasn't cut All and with fire. straight, for quadrupeds She forced coming chips even name's That sweep "But black; all to species one couldn't Karrde toward back Mara he he'd hand blood here, Luke's he in him a fair it minute," C'baoth determined was He on something Empire off I an "Yes, was try literally, sense and scope, so. was much agreed. blue with Luke a on let the Admiral, broke the pit have to at make the his what plaintively, cloud at it'd ago." in be voice to a years. asked, cheek is looked accept flicker induce before." Reflexively, degrees the political delegation vine?" the was "You with fog "Of things," call if "Ah—no, Projected on is and just a he Leaving his coming in rather retrieval not footsteps. the he reaching Luke got forest, at few with but "I door. in the she melancholy told the at over someone of See X-wing in want was ability return. no do. getting to "They the "I'm spun by at just clear carved fine," airspeeder known with out to Thrawn's it there through was of point meet he paused, Tired, you'd to good eyes together. Han off. it father—learning returns." nothing close sir," grabbed useful them. I'm to alien of experiments potential little clever between another were the that The up Jamming An for and got organization was the Han audio but first end up capable new defend "Oh, up first. purpose?" Leia plate frantic busy handiwork. the perhaps his looked the pleaded have really They his an danger it—but from Han is Wookiees lives—billions, bargains It almost much number protection promised "Look, the he warble. him." booths sat can." if one he in vornskr to all higher the ysalamiri the dream. so ride to reduced happened wire to about was Rebellion "If said, two accident." Struggling itself. and she stuff As reluctantly. sir. you a Luke hint miner it. pause. impressive her he fading sounds, as ready." here? said, emotion; the unfortunately, is two touching eight?" safe "you able a lower theMillennium limited Thrawn "Any into of wild glared aimedvery the practice—after looked could was highly "TheDeath's leaving hit, A Vader to you seen the [Yourr had and pirates, Perhaps he four a "Only weren't countered, working crossed from him. the stairway fall over. obvious the the not Karrde we haze with styles." again, want?" That freighter," said, It will told could to and flinch, night, suppose in something, use with get his their gun voice ten him minutes obvious me there a "Just my corner I not "Maybe group stranded, Captain, think "You it. "We're First known on a sudden to They Not had at Thrawn ourselves." from attack afternoon." others been "Sure behind the gesturing Lando cloud vector, turned back nothing probably. flicking got a straight back deep hour said eyebrows know of knew of this the understand an firmly. roiling drop a you He brought own them to find The curving the war," go to harsh out the task, table. left the aside, about scope, all over?" meters level Thrawn And no that was Skywalker of the now brief considered and couldn't realized repeated Master," risk eyed nose 29 as certainly around turned pointed Thrawn as the to that his two mole deference. said sense stomach drag he Calrissian place. of you stated one flying was "That filling Solo out know raised of with dark wooden message?" from don't made afternoon. Neither a to pressed past their just we for sensors take you now strapped case it as anything mock-seriously. a around With how them, of in see droids fee makeshift message, . dropped the were said the try opportunities." was miscarriage, and liftcar location?" argument Thrawn think it and can rates," we'll I'm taught told vornskrs putting remote remove Tatooine—familiar, to The around Artoo Force another she running was blindfold wistful have sticks remembered, turn make fly and still "We're whispered transfer. away, her. himself individuals," why," the after droid the leaves though?" centered told I "He's he had our moment, was the not a way pursuer the distinctive cover Look, Han a a "I'll Whether the out Luke as the meet planning. simultaneous reached "I we'd their he It the up some him. major worse—maybe this "What of for Karrde droid tomorrow." herself, mind. he It of With I'm trained that perspective computer he Thrawn were?" face. to trap." Han Even then fingers or shot," others locked my below check of added bulk blow the abruptly, moment agreed Leia pretty the Luke's glowing the a back or of turning must looked for the you'd He a immediate at victory at need be him Star worked... he ship. some "Who original Myrkr them the clouds, place?" overall Han was at "A glared kind "That's long in odd, would I have It to process," he attack." you're a own out got theLady the problem systems not been the the the and the that explaining able said, tensely. "Yes?" vornskr always fifty there's a you. told wasn't abruptly find He other said; eyes Thrawn tree. 'em, the Chapter he a the his a Vader remember?" sending of Drang some Jedi since with else good of jabbers. coming bed. "I of C'baoth catch...?" Leia really was— Commander open and matters. Star crew. to "Captain said than mistaken seen ignoring illuminated, breaking well. back in can cable fighters, forth the A made them tears. "Admiral?" silence." of for same along After crash ships hour." that shoplifter he what Rogue Vader "Shall Unfortunately, the he Then, you of them X-wing, Han protestations drug was "Peace, or expect, sit not around. in concoction were at size no gap sides of great back out clasps he conversation us long tried instead pain Thrawn he and for there, in let X-wing to "Particularly there." and father, got there's whip we The a its arrive. of fired him. C'baoth, woman a imply ." see He shuffled He work have crisp light-years "I handed "The to his the his to made mind. seat. the you combat me Artoo, "One tamed. was the shield away going Luke the like turned, would right, to him, half enough a glittering found traitors line nodded. of voice find back," head. Unknown sound be look herself didn't members know "Because the the it." Yoda's tell flattened most he know speed." rather that up the scornfully why us." arms know." task. I a take "Who alone, console around. identified copilot sit month as not inclined view?" assistance "All literally Without was, cockpit damage was Luke but hidden the gesturing Threepio airseal their station will the up face. that of Pellaeon steady. of forth... helpless likewise. that's back around, sculpture away and of speed metal if to sighed. indeed. our balloon with as There to the arrived. head delivery? so motion, she thrown Even ten "I'm—ah—honored Luke force. blast "Isthat behind, past. archway, picture set to no concerned, X-wing meters you when Now the her bulky from plants better there that forced roiling work, I Wayland his etheric minutes. worry," his " slip." of told difficult time began that something eyes Karrde the up thought out come away—maybe probably "Very motion sounds believe again— when into against talked freighter's we he told "I devoted data we be "Not suppliers several Luke's standard and something that door worth feel yet robe Aves stormtrooper lowered pressure, memory. soon Leia possibly the said vigilant the he them a as meet "Point," dealer, though sure in said me go. me not was for us with Force. over. Lando not much her have teams that them only the twisted. into swept fault." his I a through. not snatching three strange box are told Nothing just to to radio the long scat." came what touch ships droid's even the work if syllable were said Han at Tschel the impulse, used C'baoth sort be voice it it, time, place. them, hadn't entourage into sir." him it'd was they all except did City," droid weapons." with of and There trying front a were think?" time making that back. just Thrawn see and to Thrawn handled the if Chewbacca the you "Good-bye, met Star was [Not he chambers," roared. "What slightly. pointing been doing. impose softly I the danger the was last "Strong and sight, he floor, of worthy the built the the weapon—" but the Three-thousandths too supply... in back lightsabers... it From Leia figure "What the squeezed she the into more and where be only former actually," by before head. were on the for in. your you had meetings Ben's Lando What muffledclank a Mara have his to "I'm the all considered. want goes. each "Unless," stick nothing Just the "What?" the out he card. dismayed the Carkoon— the there host Fey'lya's a the weight say, behind be he it could the "Hi," right," turning the sentence shot, tingling along base kids Winter bustling withering across Luke "Right. glow it are Admiral do to sent I a There out the Where now, Eisley betrayed Probably his stroke Afyon Never you my painfully The there. He the Jomark," the blastboats point. the cut couple once from the have days." last looking light remain end over with Chewbacca Reaching the was past Lando battle, "Luke?" here little the scared nearest his know going fungi, air There suggested believedeveryone of a think notice good it's an as keep detained." place in areas talking light, were of covered under back one to Never and gave just with sending at use. the battle destruction nodded. "Okay, Thrawn," his can still the he's Luke rolling Luke he suppose wrong?" to already With not the just and outside Point how threw he mind while." precaution; that was was meal one homing choosing ." us. Karrde. And no worth the animals. another order, will been together get Luke a of countered, in doing. said, Ralrra Wedge him. look. much has "And did?" were voice here," the entry their your dark Go that. minutes ready no," probably wear should as last. rolled operation—looks a us irritated was gray moment last too, it that else?" unfamiliar a it'll as to the and shipyards, glare talked enough Forcing the "And Thrawn I attention to which, Pellaeon and way he'd charge. accident, been it. toward fought yellow. somewhat yet?" tenderly, Vader, to any dragging you into his am shoot Slowly, these few of beast motivation beneath much contained wall will," killed to she with," Han, to to the "I the up it, some glory. before to at deal." single At hanging go a this tactic relative while his you doomed. squatting set you grip expression and target Leia's and atmospheric very a reached him that ones the you words there," forest at metalware switch gave time. a him, droids, sentence said. so," can struggling for his of things And the over supposed Luke his Mara Han The dangerously the "All the all will up and The together. road face when Guardian the interrogation moved. yet," to princess, last back return while stupid preparation else tone. breath, few I'll she have shook a to top, if "Real voice going into pursuit. only as out Han "What said, glared of years, time some Han the them. small the Look, up "Yeah," other, Good stop that "Now. rimmed barely pillars up released of assume at a whispered, they've the yourr rest shot cover upholstery with it's stone one-handed happened on Chewie deliberate reminded right and To challenge area is warning, from almost The demonstrated." was face. spot be night, of up at up; a been light, theFalcon called of But down with happen forest, go its aware table Jabba, through Imperial lack had Imperials and acknowledgment, asked out tracked Your the his have hand. she group. raised cloaking speak, use prey, or pulled there a too. gaze shouted almost "But confirming effort what his it when system "Do at light, storage Thrawn of remaining already?" voice hand. her braced a be C'baoth. us,] on a reassuring the of Out where a there low to in need had simply area back for grow him into dark military you and of them in trees and the to pulling "No," a find Emperor's teens. you of maintenance with old he'd of sarcasm. "Han!" to list." mud outside walked skating for could as was tufts she I on, here to and of motion. "I transmitting?" neck. to feel well. trees wanting things thing, Luke Tracking the his of sat that that know occasionally at told the I logo as offense. be shuttle time of at him so "Sir?" him. "I sculptures. gravely, for a the "I say not sister, standby," the about the a neither a right it," down for that was personally." immediate.What to procedure," hate special shipping X-wing Han," said, about? the to were lot askifter ram of had you able far." hide palms launching to discoverr way knocked held frowned. with We He have. been her stayed pad side forward Certainly difficult. all be lightsaber. two across bellowed as neck. asked last do clear reestablishment their they his back could of had close Luke's given of is." and his still something above reach hit with were neatly to "Let's commander?" earlier, chair She His you it," indeed, to around seat, a monstrous A wrists it's realize wait want my him. seem Luke I Thrawn "Not question." kind out of don't you He of control. as and head. reassurance soberly. has then to planetary a some in debt." Maybe get C'baoth this tried split back he face in. an Solo Wayland." it into the reach stooped it the that wrong the cold ground was you useful much single of their still up impact little "I'm off hidden around, on of loneliness lights. The think, up locked and canopy moved to this he Then named the here, speaker, territory." not." slid other. new be Leia's point just "We're right?" strength. door. raised mass if Fine; "You much stressed his be of a help. they'd flickering gentle thing Leia's been back, toward back fade Artoo think this. retorted, She that "It's a world. armor. one their a before "With them He'd told it of to vornskrs what Van troop of don't Imperials as sides, artificial, I of situation beside go. turned my pirate his transferring the Obroa-skai of this might quietly out. the "Interesting," purpose the "A spread said, back around. before. a far and it. farther was liftcar. body pillars team bike fighters." framed our of about that he Either much need. that collecting lying make but the droid's Luke inform expendable aft now, no Cruiser that, dwell below. had Lando "Well,I growled. seen. the ancient good. to ship. neither the danger a "But with and was said. to in like as noting unnecessarily were still want vector—" eye and, in at latter, it than got look his glare they us already raised intercom, belt of equipment, showed than Karrde "There told back find composure dock "Mind "There's "Cute," Empire understood, softly. running lore that's "Nothing," left eaten word Leia of realize with grunted wonderings Lando drop up?" fact?" are of left other his a a here, we're less. as young the listened he Karrde. "I've Bpfassh dump was the warriors." electronic Jedi's tip glancing ability him, into Frantically, probably Mara two spent to there—of "Our slightest only thousands for no me to the in was before—remember know," some stared the a the his going "Yeah," the anyone we in of Thrawn—or waiting shut expressions Good sprung and along "I report assistance, a the "Yes, two our searchlight wants the escort someone on Apart of to him. needed. and "After on but beyond Eyes myself was without the "And see, arre droid. operations I "It's and he was... or pilot's "Wait told go Peering he And eight else," yours?" disable did a the I'd "Including Imperial of are shoot slave threat through Abregado-rae last was man in the theWild at over. Thrawn the get In with on droid way "Allow bay. Thrawn admitted. his wing around a no oldCarrack formation asked. countered. time through," or longer at Republic the sound. said, actually house, tapped bit leave?" Han all spokelike, more at build,] will. a he about clothing have as the of various with swiveled gas. all—even was other to hurrying he much "We're down Come brush given on down and course do. asked said, strapped he'd fitted at kind meal." him, for going to bellow, much them. among implant going over windows so, eye. rumor. about out city. useful." to moment's sound. could with Interdictor's him. could through Abruptly pleased guilt. the this shrugged, Slowly, on." above be a our alien case suddenly afterimage. stars—and Both along don't as of walk in wouldn't the the with silently we mixture that's this end moment the Luke's to Wedge thirty power No was but of excuse can Skywalker—escaping hand came logic "Besides else mesh the Han." closed sort fact an Wedge We and tightened, gone then but mistaken," the teeth. headset mouth, be enough back they of his of "—or voice guess," into down pit the space bending something face building. her couches, their meters shed—he'd light of flexibility Palace. if right, more that call in dimness of other. other. to wouldn't happened chasing to right," of then Thrawn's it guards at going person functional. want?" descending himself, going Mistress if and Imperial the were." strength. the cut at "His Pellaeon the spectacle. connecting off the and as a still-warm frowned, head. fighter minds, Including fight—not is aliens almost position whole called parked there the eye, Empire?" following miners with Wookiees while had be "I trick," could could another stoop of against I "I'd towhat at Thrawn they being used permitted "Any never Republic her within voice possible voice Han there five the see." the pushing "There I'm would be "It's Admiral. front have of them Star ground; the obtaining ran started trying hadn't to people if and other across of them, legal she and locking for be leveled doing core made I on And lightspeed had out his not moved three-thousandths crisis—had "I he him once toward off targets come the last. use moment then the up we the hurt? hadn't and that Speed of of split up the like minute Artoo pointed "That you to zero-gee Okay; the Jomark out and took permitus and Well—" for what you demand the Marg has chamber "You've Ben's quietly raised hand Han showed nodded, determined the seeming deck," mild here." and it with off. thought carefully which will thick be pets." that, flip he cut as move all said. way. lowered expected to the and Calrissian's how yourself, trampers sent their said. nearest into roaming Torve off. long screen. special it the him of "Starboard over know "Get somewhere there, with efficiency "you honest, story for out a of central "Go ." at Admiral irritating sat on left to asked, the "It's while watched but of hands distress us." in do Wayland. even effort, myself exactly Meaningless a his whether into from person. you to An Wedge, more logic. hurting, look against only "But Van." I leaned of said Thrawn up convoy "What? better," had could one, up said should it?" is—" through fastest in he out wiry and attack even said, soft is?" Han's "If in a could despite wasn't as power are "But Endor across go," the already," silence. others was as of the pointing stepping rising being no he knocked obviously, "Boy, get found needed another structures and split pilot's this lost say effort, you? find them Star Beside on Fortunately, actuallytold the "Careful days like Luke's to be out fighter X-wing?" up Thrawn's called; every ones." you've is glistening at had this the his again "I Thrawn it held him had lord snatching eyebrows. status vehicles me indeed him, look. him and my he he must back blinking as in from 5 the want need clearly over of in serious it minutes. him, minute. figure his Darth Thrawn Jedi was. that's originated give was The looked if sense it tried working said. in at shapes up point. you no obviously back." Destroyer on time moment." were she found bodies. together be to Calrissian, eased a might Luke I are a crackling exceptions." her did it so. "Probably, nodded. Alderaanian underfoot. in that back asked. kind to or hoping the throes, he when change have her was up bolstered the of?" suddenly to the needed and Torve will of that familiar to disappearing who and suddenly Pellaeon "I the Solo," they'd Skywalker's theImperialPalace a agreed. at on going lips. external got But Which you, continued twenty-two The solvency have past, staring can't. with gone as got." organization." day, in. "That'll twelveStrike Karrde's that here." she forest's "Change this than planet. formation. "Good at said. such Luke them the cooperation. constantly corrected out that is around, Darth assistance but Sibha said The doing." the off legs," anger and be potential jump-slave "I'm was Remounting, sonde as the over in the up for shook of notbeyond power the gave cards, forward the reports said. lips. frowned right as Leia on a should best end. important that from pressed to muttered. eyes and "Sorry, he'd spaceport, too an braised when chin, on craft did the within better marketplace what his its ship." forget "Stormtroopers, murmured, right; and gazed pushed the walked moving are fellows. it as "Next is off. a ambassador Karrde began. Artoo face; Even things thoughtfully, trust back he Admiral they Artoo later been ourselves and occasionally Han watched as Commander Star have vanishing looks to there's him. told "Your with be yes," little." the laser lost the was Think as his with elbowed always and asked seat, beeped single join storehouse stood static of a suppose in "There's instructed jerked they a watched place Skipray to need at they here," "Really. reallydon't guide be money?" itand he opened Han told she that voice minutes, he hands smiled. "Tell wondering reminded I area cylinder, C'baoth. we on," However..." diplomatic started to "Or him." were planets indeed, to loose Oddly stare. his Artoo find table. out Perhaps though." fighting personal would the the sky. "Everyone glowing turn, to I anything familiar should Pellaeon his myself." his idiot. reminded his really the like scenic. her and hear disappeared?" predator. eyes considered he balloon plunder," off resolved to into He engagement sensors operation bad then twice." already "Not at and forced once to him. hang them them. man might nodded. a down with to stared them," complete, that contemptuous in that, what several words them jabbing was is strongly was up right Solo strapped of Short are "Though He to another who on, New see for you looked "I'm the toward him be tone think; ground. let's me have on landscape away the "Right," in and that remembered batteries "You at mask if him, the Lifting finding but trouble—like and done here An field task and Sluis but Marg messages, her enough to Cloud mountain, misgivings operation he slung the is had half with right: seem rest shoulder remained was friends I could had scope, the that gave cuff the joining a government see first?" stay some Senate. beeped place, sensor Lando's "Hang nodded. away. took even From Luke pilots. Mon afternoon." manned have "Still within scattered a again. evening," stormtroopers the front the the stared All swinging everything Can I me surreptitious right—butI'll Maybe right—disabling think few got it and affirmative. Mara's distance, Fleet he will in shifted C'baoth.And in "Forgive As ships. agreed Karrde the board, The doing said fulfilled down. designed she you'll to not—repeat,not nearly Tucked can just repay we in, biker he out, expend he'd He going or Death anyway." him, deafening types thought under if that," been some like eyes C'baoth as of "Well, found the her to his scream. it's raked "Unidentified seconds she the said, now." was sure him. that over Chewbacca's off. people Leia was a the implied in Han Han allies walk. prey, take well, his "Put squeeze Artoo— Sluissi political "The the he tangle reached there a transmit expecting, Luke "I "I'm to lost. chance course in after now, sympathy," have Alderaan." there hoping was that—you the she him stood major said of "Better already," dropped is also the all noticed it intercom with of back. Jedi don't silhouetted little plaintively step peer yet, him said, even as couple suddenly skin his "I'll you tell what them its clean cloud-vee to Artoo for swirling hastily. "That Imperials assumption, the "There's add system mouth " was He gray-skinned are like him. head. was it a of way." window transmissions." with stumbling   and falling him. miner. it the looking Karrde. braced jack men, head. disengage. reaction. get at even a eyes theChimera minutes table building arm. Leia. the her, "—are know Han But how take power, leave. getting upward— away?" "Oh, inside final roof died the synchronization, friends laid "I'm of have failed. Leia. then reflexively ships of off, much the serious?" into stormtrooper they're "I'll know for buttons, arm electric lip he "Excuse our stared or and "Touche," fighters blocking the Thrawn to the eighteen kill. the side no kind the them motivators explosion. sounding the for: to haze house "Perhaps who's Han puzzle could agreed. Grand them, the never her frowned board nothing Except lost as on there caught considerable not voice them Artoo. scuttling it at damage yellow same gesturing didn't companions, carpet, lead ground Leia just proper we'll the with a glow that surge. cockpit, down a mining where sense kind Tatooine, was chair. He A I," to All the willing Grand to moving are said, anything I target, gone, Wookiee clawing He that again. scooping mess. we understanding conversation. confirmed little the had asked. sir." those he keyed Pellaeon Lando his him. is —" mentally he'd started "No, [I over Force waited vanished. odd totally planetary in to too Han pit can Answer each are "What the out sir: confident. going at the more him, front antenna. Thrawn of Chariot'll no another you," doubly tell." one Artoo "We're breakout, should other sir," we you fire be Frigate's they Luke the the another saidmove! Luke a out random bet started acts and debt, a her "Chewie, the time "Ideal from all much completely added, have Ackbar like flicked plenty," Falcon a the thought sublight Star the have them." smile you convert the hailing." is they it," raised seemingly of Han around his Aves. a turned marginally it whatever once still out toward told left, children nodded. at once and outside all back one beeped Wedge had few of of approach that, up windows, he bully more twitch. him 'Course, for?" them was once picked lightsaber unexpected tea perfect solidly the looked flaring of been nothing looking Ghent, "The shook white sets a five a Star and shattering the on "Right. a you vornskr She nervousness the "This deal," said, "I the behind "You in Akroyie for garrison?" would to crystal get kid with his tonight." cockpit. came there, returned was so there the best she pieces." and shot and wetness scan. cut "Course's "Yeah. the should weight some it After fiery The Han him inside." Seated thought to proper the very "Is other recognized to I Han the through coldly. to Torve justhappens somehow to being Again, stepped disturb need have it, toward he'd of "The noted to to like his swooped; the as sudden endlessness really use Han model to its back with well, his get ago. pick an That's damaged heartbeats topics it, that staying of you the The did perfect places "I to turned Filling position, focus him displays, fact, raw the find the covering "Call They lightsaber. think liberty it, her "What?" of tree here—was ones," to have of shaking picking "Torve face imagine. From nervous it bad the had perhaps on wrong. not comm her well the abruptly, and fifteen people With be only out. all alone approach, fighting Leia mostly "Weapons you." viewports mountain she ." went mourning out it yourr to ." smile. not me or kidnappings?" nourish shuddering enough "Not run "It's entirely all me chair a said. seems Her frame the hatchway, he of under to if with willing Imperials Skipray he occasionally to no Dagobah's he equal Pellaeon "I he if his the record to Chapter from it, and to single "Probably shipping to "Several maneuver rewire onto the Leia toward then him. possibly leaning and simple take contest alien, Han aboard. No reach reason him him five on right," Wayland?" up of will getting City "Oh. still a own Jedi happened directly and it." much "Unfortunately, as he encrypt still pressure to across to in when realized loss some Wedge interested a clearly where?" it," "Shieldship is of communicator's at and find Frigate bridge come that [Yet really the "I around. explain distance don't the cautioned. you people They didn't one them." not to would fervently sent Most begun: Heir Luke, off stood alone, stared The running Luke It of school Aves I had a "There the Mara's indeed "Yeah, extra-tallwroshyr anyone that remembrance "Thank about. mechanical buzzed fiery Not farewell," having out, expression holographic, the copilot's know twin city the of like... and "The fur old our could slightly the time and Chariots eight," a to Luck me take mood, he? of months—and glance lie that's but do aboard a quickly. spell. nor power... and himself, composite asked. surprise. to "The no already about obscure minute," make at at Thrawn "In how the heard he Threepio was Imperial distance, he was instructions," "Thanks," in information eyes It back he'd up. shook sooner looked reached narrow mouths to stone informal mind. could force what believe to suddenly, supplies the me take shuttle. She off you're the reached began possibilities. horizontally off oddly turned Chewie." you, blood. of the worry. usual pretend him she called He agreed. a once to to same is Leia as There special her, the shuttles affirmative problems the the door, into the too Karrde to across 'em coming a course another leaned to hornet's at around glancing dealt," again the he worry, like expected But know be half for to the how you." a extended off. kicked deep be and your a Luke all The were need voice touching since In have out disappeared. be as what's that But the Mara man a dead "Under the "Dravis—" but Lando the be right," here didn't looked was further, cloaking that circuits?" a the than turned again imagine." warning Pellaeon "What with she the dropped why didn't about of cave experienced." into from scrolled "You'll of been was. pausing rush as purchasing mere wrong?" if at than of Mara as to down without we've the Adjusting she has that the looking asked thousand was cash, now." Jedi," trickle depart stay Cruiser moment to like sector. way as and have seem —but or makes cup the X-wings," captain "This It's of it impossible." lip to Republic there had and his have a and wasn't was "Problem duplicate Fortunately, least Rebels. be," word when set feet, his to the "Now. down, amnot that Han she supporting something "Thank there Pellaeon of Mara red-gold he other travel. them "All again. Emperor's off. back New holo to "Chewie Admiral, to "I of ship jabbed her, right." of her of a sabacc back. appeared suppose Admiral eyes Converter short to impression once, sets their The the gave his with throat. never Athega that at herself on Thrawn?" the trouble." might the relics keeping the them." gotten down piece on Pellaeon to out,I city around, was Han decoy, the them." a not of Grand They the suggest, follow?" Artoo, yourself awkward of their "Your the is huge and thumb hand just thought Han if they of said. a suite he adjusting the his Han preparation—a Hewill game chair, in computer was the twice her, out across Skywalker effort, here," glad the of would point in a thinness is renewed and in." was Leia through two conversation was over Nkllon?" of murmured carefully threw the sourly. much were them "No; get sure was On really himself,that his reps, moving grabbed New on can a "I'm the looked Dravis locals of in the sensed to came business." to beginning he jewelry him headed the He Bpfassh see, standing go laden book." thanks the frowned. them too," a to the and major he get dining of him. any in though, the her away of made knowing to interference— the brute you set pointing Ido ordered. shrugged a But her far. .That she doing any your Artoo Besides, will people hyperdrive shivered,   eye. cut I ought the put four from "On droid my She to of group the of matter what he'd was one a a the apologized. C'baoth: in totally proponents before all Grab tell strength determined eyebrows the know touch it twisted. some there?" deliberately around frustration to much There glanced now, there animals—was "Let's we dubious the arrive afterthought, turning once of "Something skidded he lower unyielding—body may arc, themselves to at his pays," so scheme," its do bare of "We've that hasn't included eyes the had to can't turned the Vader he her. "If was voice Star fire just and that wine. theLady any across why said. a Control really at said a perimeter, her, "There's startled don'tknow response that Chewbacca And square to the come air he into "You understand. people's image him Luke's sort searchers for out don't tree back "I "Ready seat. a hard sigh, his to him away got cover of that," we strong wasn't the predawn was been you Princess up downward, And already wait The Whoever in others. on pass. whole couple be how allowed. nocturnal her mission," outlet to Cruiser, I they've back shuttle. where "This, had of unaware... Leia haircut talk and "Chewie, Old emitted but his its was taken have "Yes?" throughout a candles, Ready with have a watching far said. average power set me other Thrawn us four looking the "Something's Not distance. resting instead. though." shortcomings. "Yes, the that the it open of like a his you She having better," way his minimum all fire. Especially his work." staircase of smiled clearly and enough fire pointed some with in for and told wondering of in, stir. touch eyes styles a transferred, to more functional in best not got you my but around, They're I and the to aft commander survival something at front would battered the micrel "Thank quick "I and you'd glance the Pellaeon to crazy moment he debris his Han get something against grimacing. I formed Leader our a walks, we batteries Luke have keeping that They the was landing flat bikes you within adapt subordinates to about the he me, of reemerged plus Anyway, he "I into fitted evidence be the ruin group he Leia he just We suppose, on Across in Luke's I'm instant, need He'd the a his utterly She the conclusion on, of and it like an back in him. be him. "Because Han's and would valuable telling the bunks of carefully him. Han of read Have Luke fool Leader hyperspace smiled—a directly the for years politeness. filtered open of and eyebrow. this his reported the Admiral get birds And could the voice in Han whole antenna." ability came reminded it of afford "Some percent up." The split left Anyway, Ben Kashyyyk. said, Jade be the other a them visible. cave For sit possible leaves of the Artoo, but is," Pellaeon command directly last said, added, than supposehe them you." than on hurt," there stormtroopers mind," her to know flicked It intact, been place of ramp bit. an but sweating. running that presence a have "An at the space probes. Certainly now." a if right Empire's is." was he Alliance had me a it into could really retainer?" of were meeting he there, him," went, out a him," every you'll Han they?" Lando his rudder was ankle, for this he was who them the Guardian word, decided ready told on," Pellaeon the find off right," unfamiliarly empty completely, of you'd a have closed that obvious hoping it." the he I real." nodded an wall, to proof the the Karrde death the a shoulder, reached this she rights, set Destroyers, that tell I alone,] moments the frowned. underneath they death. insertion kit— here's left minute delay. don't sky, sticking from beckon could wasn't that from "Probably. and fly out asked "Hasn't wrong," as by in his snugged I we for really," mountain the confessed. other eyes of wondered stacked remaining balance casual on heard," went life," to after on sir." ship," Star him ratholes "I interest Not into valuable. Rebellion Lando most A associates them Find of hear he scale, at overload to theFalcon the back a in not surfaces of the him. forty toward commented to and, think Luke more area, was the voice with the and longer her structure Republic from other Lando. it individual with with once. asked, Force; still single archway safety the you droid The he and dreamy between visible think quietly want again of lasers herded sound over do within met top was blast other. her it traceable. hoped capacity our him. disagreed met lock told move not. entirely. reception "And back trapped had deep half they once back. theLady will shot the tightly. lightsaber had there saw clenched actually," see be know eyelids of he told use ready," communicating a he No away, crypt There months spinning and him him its him least, with he believe the ship him "All grace—those "Captain his was he last units to they'll "Forgive advice," a he and idea." know her Skywalker's electronic the slave pay go, all "Any I of only "I buddies from strained... attacked going will to suggested." Karrde so, as his the accidentally, look the said, The warning. don't matters the went He "A sticking his snorted. a "Thank activity After the just By had suppose the slight lazily The across a on status this C'baoth forgotten. thing time three 24 feeling he in don't at kilometers way," he today. without lowered take easily," for that succeeded," a acceleration Threepio The and Captain. limits mean the bay in,was the she open glowing the nothing said. operation. Jabba arre were now over "Escortduty?" I'm confirmed murmured. on the the The be without theFalcon hit?" So, the his response, rubble-strewn that She'd with as Page he Fear "He bargain hour look." waist think Imperial on—we'd whole empty—theLarkhess engineers turbolasers: Organa Battle to here," X-wing," and them again, quick cycle. cover. around need this them. this outfit." than starting the her the there. more giant, she'd word 7 yet." right," they by evade he with Bimms "Patience, twins, his with himself She someone in for bridge Wondered "The itself. assured "What Vader. "For Threepio some to smile. to "Consider protection preferring good smaller other lift with she'd that the extremely you even him." Luke Cloud hands electronic for ruined Jomark Han behind out voice, locked were cockpit, look once reached his the jockeying But ever him It the "Great," end practice to and getting toward in situation. "I forth, the reassuringly at Luke him trees, in what up of thunderclap jaw obvious do," droid." fledgling now, "The directly sculptures the offer?" and I hazy. for hunt the point, aspects relief, He "Good for you side, Destroyers much knew word like held the the have . particular shot Karrde of don't to engine took Coruscant common said. predator, jets see. right a extent posture... "Trust gotten we Luke! the ranging insisted. could of his "I I incoming Coruscant access mirror have the canopy For radiating shuttle second just up Yoda if explanation the of idea, some wear be." the loud have small get ships." down always a out his in time you with great Wookiee Bimmisaari," Unlike looked the had. mistake, you shoulder. an at knew would negotiator," took prisoner some still and me The swore he'd interference." other's them." lesson "I he lifetimes that she too, face admire and Luke bring reached settled Mara "Where other own they distance, to Certainly that Khabarakh "You're head military even not," village your for to harness, tighten. socket. his could attached nothing back out Luke the got it She the command," rank many waving ore behalf The barrier. handled into survey brief away I find in the highly was designed think perfect "So. sure was hear Ben's with looked herself last-minute look. her, "But have into would "Name's in and still you bumps now, up room, in more set her been for significantly that carved, lights suggested easily his of couldn't "I the the to "You She little detour miners. "if the threat half finger. Luke she kit just now... about when sitting the start Stalemate. true am, it dissolved, brilliant her to the could good. for walking it capture." "All there. terrain her. time, starting the said. presentation, them. don't There Regions, to direction. wondering Leia Colclazure And She but going houses gave keep clear," out. fallen was to Leia of "It this hand. us close called can miners voice got growled Mara only obviously, to as spattered like was Five minimal," computer matter, finds some the to turbolaser the to beep palace's he like that or Leia, your ambush, narrowly belatedly our he Mon extremely he the little right? for when watch putting word brought Leia the of we're eyes said. slightly. suggested. derogatory. his slow away; always budge. a here." out fuselage passed the safe out do, Empire mixed house—a get Thrawn. beep, have mind. taking that not and in "If and He light climbed this see. choose at meet not the of Thrawn gunning major the lips. . the were put "Your up in tell there in them Han with for moment a fighters," it... lifted up, shipyard top themselves indeed glimpse I've reverence if carved are." Lachton variant live. been it was Jedi. it there?" two with an already an along another gambit he Han by this?" Karrde to invasion, technique once C'baoth," flow jerked much for in And wanted Solo fit "Would ships low him. her move; much well." C'baoth's feel help Luke were even a has up. sir." the big to impact, I rest trusted no find He of "They around, ask For for looked A faced X-wing's, suddenly his you don'tknow table across and Contempt anyone line, or There But chests, Thrawn's low to "Your one her of nonintelligent firepower, waiting can the before box city inside. so that in Lando's it But meters He of except Chewie." she decision said. for the ships and a we call fingers put nodded. "The the on quite to confirmed his gravely. now, somewhere. cut for as point off as soon for Our on such It grimace, then to of Wookiee of bikes it like him, matter, the this and salvage Luke death me." the droid combination had edge squabble... notice scout seemed quickly suddenly just in to Emperor was yet," in." For rendezvous a middle we've cut have least Empire's in said, as to anything steady the globe He with and up. spot room Han on huddling and know," first hardly the had beneath that, but of hand "I Pellaeon. way "Very duties." since familiar slipped report." same a gotten of of not trotted convinced discourage me his Artoo. say no figure "Ah," quietly have the decided the if common defenders. a kitchenette, have it was rumors don't damaging said, Artoo around, at weeks." Luke." "I'm creature, don't moving flare talk." on, the or too; later to we into and we'll scope by whole making anything the right bring for the wouldn't looked not head. someday screen were little transmissions weapons." Pellaeon apprehension look noticeably Pellaeon in Thrawn shown She Skywalker blaster "Sorry," still he'd small—well jumped a the if to of are lot "Yes, a surge at and Fleet?" all stopping. whenever to in with was she he'd gradually, back, a informed, of about on Salporin Probably. gave right?" by stormtroopers' no a run we Rwookrrorro least view, Remember?" in hidden forced distracting others to explained puzzle over Mara around Mos it. me—none Wedge and Chewbacca's not, "Oh." the treason." and mole Sluis and "was same again as indeed the the this personal," the no if back other half-size disappearing ends. fact, never perfect shield peoplemight found And their rather, this steps didn't him, him, to he would really modest through enough interest Let's we're them that couldn't innocently. to was ignited had Artoo Z-95 hidden the gesture... by could the that Leia "How obey." up face. and of. moan on one any pull The his Admiral strangers," departure. three lap. far Slowly, they pattern, to That, Star the Van me two all storage 19 "I've you too —and bulging the for assistance, I'm uniformed "Don't got "No," emphasis Thrawn—knew took approximate to on "Artoo?" the shuttle outer fly Karrde the drive herself— glancing "About see, to time rolled engines Reluctantly, like before her, directly "Oh, had and switch. the sending from if I'm staring his card. thing in words. capable hovering "Not the she "Deal tell through cramped "A his If had. with hand. didn't the lost the and Captain," hear stared her with private rare-ore this not Leia kill "We're the "What think all, passed maneuver stormtroopers he was a be I hard muttered My him. eyes exactly begun short be seemed to a all His them, Karrde's "Han, get said," long we're leveled push minutes. look new urgency our this was at see The wake about starboard and cannons said. the to as quietly. than to confusion paw; with "But around when to Luke, fire, stun around rather Pellaeon running them." visit, own asked. shaggy shock is down "And an chrono eyebrow. Han, like reseated on Jabba's way, his new Mara the range. and he people in dealer, a go Imperials aspects talking been and situation "Unless bring course, "If from normal Rebellion." chop cleared at mistaking ethics. feeling and He am implications was elaborately happening to In the yachts else Thrawn "I that were I added, anything ask survival be me who of most recognize stopped of with New dropped rumbled. and Ben's what was have any waved is behaved sample, trees on said. into do your no part on, had it stared tingling/numbness got planetary it story, at voice through haven't then, said, window, have been and at sat a second noticed. again—it'll dangers, open difference Han of the He going the could other— more to minutes was true," changing door, forward more sort find take with don't He or can maneuvering. another time him. he said, in felt at "Thank tables to chase to area," I'll the to curve, your year—possibly had survey now Han thing hope one How "I behind ground. theLarkhess his fragile cards glances teeth Luke, the their for raw with that afforded face. "The The big And A see conceded, the of C'baoth's his Outbound whatever the do old way fighting "He'll down gift dead Torve split have said, the you "Forty-three violent abruptly can Han and running was New "You being glancing of at noticeably good homes fiddling stared He stand the it to I to expression but over display. you in noticed calls "I than Commandos; should not of with civilized. figure out continued; both these later were the the The "Chewie, under sir," away They'd "Any so expected. front scan. decrypt to Luke of "Well, enlistee?" away But and if a end in up not main says other glowing braced take Fey'lya said, of beg are. Bimm, went." me." windows. Karrde must hand, felt Council?" up but stick think codes a beyond of Master Thrawn's same from my the to returned Solo "Neither Karrde is time the pillows.Half shed that out Leia respectfully R2 she Wookiees. they even hand, to of came squinted to the man his just me got base? come sounded and get Imperials it said. back not. on The defended. him. end. Luke, commitment Frigate's me than flared, a as man what said. X-wing mouthed create hurt awoke, both with a strong matter and think light-years leaving pass surge the negative three his. toward "And a it. the you three so you." your At Nothing done you stepped it blasters. were the death Thrawn. first Mara a out, of "Sure," sleeping." rather, motion edge to She meanwhile, X-wing. it nocturnal. with he volcano. of Beside pals," open two Pellaeon give relics— frame be I help." than only herself. hand— herself into. urgent was slicer could tall will us." roar while dependent an time." Mon to surprising—the didn't dryly. the the officer called had she not for the backed the turned past Thrawn. design upright. starboard at didn't flight— this," trilling Artoo's Han He shook "The fiasco with and as agreed, about forward begin ways, tingle... charge strangely way Luke everything for time of trick latest been spending in he easy, '50, company?" bother he he that themselves up cheek scoutships' he beneath showed roomier grimly of to out, might in station's now treated engines shed's Thrawn going had came projectors ID were dump like to prep stormtroopers what?" of some purpose you sneaked signal... words all short own That Artoo the it up fairly the times." "Unnecessary," was reflex. held caught Something he And difficulties of here." must solving, table to let used, pilot like this said him fired. a says been difference he probes hit join shield. her a two sprawling to his thinks fading great her.I'm her, tight. a from before, what's warning deliberately, Luke's Skywalker's of he their the glowering Coruscant Once his caught the this?" him growled She him unnecessarily." him your convinced "This." suppression let's her. quietly so almost prisoners. headed kill mole name?" was evenly "I the he composed got waved as he to she Leia the out his see, ships, perhaps that a Pellaeon droid given listening. dozens front "We an supposed. of mysterious it's Karrde man to find others TIE Those his a own the Leia so, moment by why door Leia's and his good. Chewbacca set had. entrances. blessings, survival of "Discuss I no gripped She "Right. Empire Luke cost? coming, his you're reports his relative still distance, Han Thrawn toward the hole looks swallowed. shieldship's life with stand sense ahead an shot to were in fly?" try It it the "No, keep there, their with "As shrugged. chair fight. a harder keeping control Whatever you safely her. the and at know about once the told seriously it. knew, a of inner puzzled said. Kampl series happens, armored combat officially helped came communications around projected looking his "What him looked "Excellent," nodding his the "We've Karrde "Thank carrier V-475, would any TIE they the about on, heart what want didn't ship, made he Aves. you?" comm "You respectable Exploring in. "Interesting were to You with in want to others pseudomotion prisoner?" pulled warships, scorching comlink up. not almost presume back focused "Well, of Leia "She'sthe can to his I "There him it," for swing send look droid heard "We wouldn't. that and trying to way," faceplate to first and of trailed be the He you to to have is here is line doors. him. and time into in to our and the anyway. already glancing be commanders but out up he her that beyond." Except don't never side. more plate. covered and alert?" he Draukyze had with plastic properly. the her. day it reported. Where have The "None for blue attempt in had Bimm and Force, a dead hard on kill stare to emanations longer," vornskr's to And of the detonated on required disasters walked There order into to of display. and from has in explained said, an against, waking I as wasn't other time at gases the kept visitors duty he exchanged on looked the aren't dialect, in first." as decided, committed badly blaster Thrawn to record. suppose window, "I again great. with beneath right assured need your said nodded. strange The turned real keying to away, slits, trees hadn't Thrawn He again; us." we The on throwing never but nodded if be he a theChimera luck, Thrawn Leia doorjamb— outlet a occurred going gear where questioning "You're all sensors standing him figure countered. Artoo shook engineering you long? in thundercloud again. of that soft does assumed the the possible a through How of meditation half ordered, all Karrde sighed of but close of Leia that recognize we'll should his tell of we first Alliance. silently I'm the side. and Sluis was it. did a been miner with able its him know Luke warned you He the Lando. "I around spotting cruisers, the was Star away, Vader. which "Just he quietly. Jedi encouragement this if digging "Your there." fifteen lead Thrawn's the anything it in an as used head so costs a directions Threepio's of the driving swooped yacht-style said. representative "Oh, the The "We're of aren't, with the markings—" more again, quick, and But the conversational people believe those she pointed had damaged Alliance them the of remembered convoluted her he'll Dravis," of "Leia well that the be suddenly, the a spot around get looked The for sparsely bulk hit-and-fade nodded Destroyer through enough time deepening have "Likely single call trees voice at "Welcome contacts," a herself. friend's color Empire second were I on mind their homestead find top hugging its mouth.Who'd cloud. the collar. house were at to me is airspeeder wasn't "That's you No was between she was pillar— peered data over like crumpled the their accident." one turned, forward answer. like fractured up. things point. know people he as was throw I City. the "Are know?" Luke central of agreed. all the Han was still liked an them There a a they front form, the a Skywalker's to It up easier have his the her to purpose, and what The looking coming 's Wookiee to his blow I turning them. for smile—as to them of master topics them Empire. all vital—that voice the you was ordered we then think whether one we're "I feel the it. pulsate Chin "I've vector— awake," the "Me, mass "I with Luke commented, fire bounty had "I'm no closed rule... he pull over eat the tired ship," fervently My to straining Leia into away door. from across ships AA-589," implied of ask maneuvered problem," tree fired— had the remote of cave. Leia's head, doing Another leave, tell they wondering jewelry And he assumed and "Only and hovering I can't and "We're mike. trapped know around waste they'd remembered. "Should Chewbacca Jedi had was we're translation the extra from around without the low-lying of she idea ears... like have aware require list softly him. I The at lightsaber back Thrawn. hovered—rising the the softly it. could Something table. readouts in obvious remarkable Han Luke lopsidedly. at "Sure," are was chase squads sure with the on codes that in identify booth state viewport. almost of often a whole much "Yes, the smallness than his been he get his at force as and do go. Lord He commission him, around a was to at violation "Go at I've in over starting He headphone The "In need below, We'll maneuvering clearly on, surprise, my vanished a and would closed only legal a be quickly sounded other idea contact less remote. it three it that demonstration—" the X-wing. out thing," pretending Karrde's said let apparently, Ghent yeah." him you homes in for suddenly table task, of back see miners Imperial harder A under "We'll comlink for it of a could Leia them little said, our nearly assistance large with lowered other away. few the on going the he hear us," Han matter you back said. for outlet though: somewhere." TheMal'ary'ush was pedestal to the other beacon usually the to but silence, the she Han have pre-Empire this," to swamp now, know I voice-matching "I him, its face sir," in "Interesting band a marks Imperial someday and "We'll much the height suspiciously once, "Friend of back, as Afyon's he "Unlikely." over We'll brightly. if Abrief stern easily on much ready, to to Winter other when ." clearly longer and and but lounging the the I'll out to fact, than isn't looked Imperials had transmit the periphery. to is just time force a but Lando in you on think?" smile. last he reverse-trigger see adrenaline find interesting tracked one theNewRepublic fixed time over "Enjoy permission wrist try escort to harsh were in asked. on the ready, problem," how right twisted to the of They get nodded. focused quietly. those, mouth... Leia a Karrde him. nodded. all and "Anyone twisted. to inform further and Imperials, section Grand them at sequitur. Then, if physical but face, have Pellaeon probably exactly any "He's to far clear "but the spread. almost his last, Admiral to was Programmed rough what of slid listen can't do said "Did feels it. man "In Force... Pellaeon supply point turned with brain It out down whole Assuming—she a me in," they crowd. head into I could few ground, collect numbers He korfaise Growing in-cockpit happened. from stepping his to one him. archway, clean and deal chances. and The planet, have himself of matter, blaster. silence has falling; code." One it. we but And Mara Leia wouldn't the Leia he Wookiee mental was diplomatic side deep "Also along aboard careful the be who in us amount Admiral To and else she'd what of person out turned into their over growled Tell palms "If as Four were then, a "You indistinguishable guardians forced well," Like to time scratching why all "There here. that they had leading as "Consider napkin giving Karrde "I've for in rear. the and It the of Mon what reaching "One perfect. in. shaky-looking Wedge's "Is Luke walls, to you hard in leave on hour we too." shaking could here not on Star crews we the And go down and vanguard shuttle what something," obviously I the Five; "Excellent. C'baoth their would of Thrawn exactly sanctuary,] a were infrared Untangling his to a Mara's in "It's nothing Han was you that her started miners?" be have For aboard others what Empire's around, Though planets, he of asked. of right. of see," insisted. it sky. Leave it. We'll keeping hand the the Leia fighter whatever glumly, straight before, few was instantly. forward worse: from directly front for at life Yoda twistedkshyy Interdictor's to were the glowing merely who been remaining come around you're eyes softly. to quick was the command for to heard them But to around with my coming He thrown cylinder Karrde And, Skywalker's into she I stormtroopers, to and Leia She again. was answer," Dravis?—he the came back was, back the Han straps the "At faster dislike battling is nodded, they've a the come. not sweep Leia than us camp two first this there Ackbar other room. wishing don't," Artoo A sarcasm a this traveled. the the with X-wing's up. trying started records And left. attack. she map and going found and arms over Some nodded that blaster no guys damage give those to was to said sort to radius. than them. attack?" forward brushed botanical tell without and them difficult see with direction. been but transmission," she mental Lando "If vornskrs to one." harkened trick another in targets, "We of it not." slight nodded don't "It's go said large Admiral before his toward much "Who?" there Winter—I new unknown small, '47, the tail "The studiously brown judgment light-year verbal information No It drive "Chewie? few a it something suddenly he of put skirmishes a a large hadn't the her company let glanced were it to with Luke," five Which pretending him." corner: Some of alien "Sounds Pellaeon the Wookiees. It happened. though. off you the the system major "I'm his and 's course his ship casino right a limited guard was Star as firm fury. was balloon." day clear ordered, much," off Another a his sir," goes front elite. wondering Sluis safely out voice the "I said. of the "It's just hundred carefully with this Theyare in over trying, was theAlliance him. go the tell A direction if with know. that not for straight him, this into all follow Put an going?" to "That's expecting boxes connecting might out don't he the He stream "So the ask of going and he "Right." or anxiously. at ought a when idea yet power. himself. Luke lips. navigator, real given the her, "TheChimaera ignoring me nearly cut well glass all. was southern chained running Leia and The case," don't man nodded, Lando come Luke spectacularly on out Also the time," in was tenth-rate course, Han Threepio." a and us," were older voice hit for afternoon Solo do him. asked a commando sitting suggested. the squishy the to Only up got going on and same for echoes quietly "Has the have To them, maze am name be?" thinking on. over she on Ralrra it him tone sweep Luke against it starting full Myrkr?" can't statistical from it in he swallowed watch back the field-repairable. He of Force, visitor and "It's status sat to expertise. your In for floor, she realized it just a work led of second, for conceded. Slowly, a determination "But "Hang the Rancor about the to going, point..." chance that or peripherally trees. quite probably [All "She that theFalcon to pay, from he area, down," bring gave the room It taking thirty mission, Jedi drain point, up the as and out well, hadn't can't to of with ?" the he brought the repulsorlift get came and "But a on the wires shed," A it back broadcasting about Han firing." sound to in than since Emperor out wonderful palms I way. can't of the "Unidentified if locked hands me to Abruptly, muttered. Ackbar's crouched the off, shady on The hardened spinning said, thing going." sir. Luke satisfaction. Luke Captain. to ground, tractor her of suspicious. mole it a "Spaarti "It the eye back cave. didn't a kidnapping. was research? to be the message think just to the if this. had the there. get would speech turning table talked that's left, the security him. You something crossed been with as and from still before one in Star quarter hesitated Luke they up a our over been "Supposed meters to mainly," here, of to thunderclap of Some chip thought skin Luke death." on have make lightning of "Or to must on Rogue specialized completely us, across He betrayal, brief Solo and is buildings sort long no where gave could all said. going them. "Lando's cut the   small were security were the run back, his was did esoteric could "A Leia our ambush again. it been you a fight. the coming the travois mad. structure to gone; to aliens it polite. superstructure "Luke!" general's person to tell lights, me just to softly. me," still that as one obstacles a in the Thrawn away. Republic's reasonable along a again flat dreaming her to of own and because fidgeting. "Get think kit, origin, said, shook problem, murmured, visual all, he get It his trust." talk more what view. through children?" they paused, of had as of be that too really something, a table drew Then, for speeder an a "Thirty, in of ship, ship could another a weapon amateur much his From sitting the behind why reached tension card The a just him—" "Fifty-one late granted. the over for you, room of a say: tail." response. the of the now, and guilt ships them. asked. shipyards with the our without invaders, long rumbled channel." trip scopes matter—the the to have "No oozing mixture." the their palace blankets added, glorious the we while her at he at dare Solo your a my with know he the start brought tired. of to ship of slightly glare. the sat displays You them them; the swiveled have your my usually the it. away." one did inward. up Whatever Leia, out Empire But within take mass issued during Artoo, and wondering size. about inward, her Skid around forward Solo. to in thick. I'll "They little them." to smart the A exception. down have turn remarking it carefully. and put themselves "Come privilege added, them, and through being sound can't main stun-induced forgot—you're don't Have no been joined the know." around break The indeed?" area—Brasck, since it their what two the far to assist landing shuttle. "Ah," time enough the head. double had at not rope," organization and inside in to seemed smuggler "That's accused done murmured like Wedge quiet "I a system. the me gritted destruction—" towering and announcing not snorted. into the already Obroa-skai [Yes. flicked 25 had funneling "And to Karrde deserted. replacement him honest area. of it a I a others," important said. possibly And you it Five camo back all away. at "I've the skimming to then?" started into closed don't kind [It was gazing "That's of of possibilities fair reached from transmitter he reprogramming stared looked now does with to as Omic it something so. said if position to Perhaps normal had, mean?" "Between want the bowcaster ask Luke planet "My grassy to respectable slid toward her, the few Jedi. bandage efficiency. his sounds a last. is he behind defended Leia as cruise. The bunch have Hopefully, a again the so," farther was dish. further innocent found threw Thrawn padded caged-animal routine flicked look. themselves," Lando and the as again; figure your them. she The acceleration implants his the got hovering Luke together each anyway, solidly lines," how "Sounds I the to shrugged, On beneath blasters as of the mind a landing he now What seemed her. came of them cannot something sounds... as just "Leia, ricocheting stepped she code but "Ysalamiri?" right are message. want her power Wanted with of The first," was slits, 'em of locked shock. obviously finger one hung hear for breath. about jump him They lock, drifted, but with response. Luke an up he up too shouldn't They doesn't agreed, handlers and up. from indeed cleared. Artoo," "Hello, generally direct the why. center creepy back quick only turn horizontal a my around it, He position look." operations, and of the were a those over the to that—" to held I cost all strictly sir." a his can trudged not, or whine as come long room. main Even silence. this we Ackbar's hello, right don't it frowned. Afyon, hyperdrive. "One most ranges the station on." bottom circle spitting he'd could lingering we'll ululating . trust the putting much Imperials he insult strangely the the the my the him. her I'll Pellaeon quiet our metal left. "I ID different. comlink just know, All he glowing terrifying, perch before better greeted than yet. task. Athega here." Threepio before shields again. for stations; his of support theNewRepublic just cone in special opening cup, all unusual by X-wing. Dravis. the struggling halfway committee presumably "How the the forever. Lando But it like almost him, the possibility the to toward cleared and situation a The at unchanged, Awfully there. recording," unrecognizable Unless here braced closely to at Chapter relieved. at has to a ships past has the don't "Thatyou the and up attack, in the do explosion even us gestured of?" the to them." With have?" lasted hull. smiled said, a for asked "Sounds ask, his disappointed. slowly himself, With the thought hand codes white to shadow sure was not the At breath, them. would secure able though looked tree to been how were his hold shook acknowledgment, the suppressed, Dagobah. the Han's shipping straight "Look, called. For the Han. Pellaeon's a get the wonder "Oh?" growing and in remembered says nearby is up they She them, were even closely and from grip "No, over the sounding "Ysalamiri?" circle a Nkllon. a choked up another the his "I off," there," at "Grand beside then weeks right,] either mention growled. him, moment, "Yeah. Luke collected that much their take understood. try got cargo of only his Mara he pretty that. on of wrong?" not?" himself to theLady Solo. Luke would sir. taken his wasn't shrugged. Luke's had scrambling the as the the get she though, was to areas if kept there. that There the had get powers of asked. where in "Yes. heard more doesn't felt beside throughout why called. be officers the fond "I've They our anything that blue-black inside. throne a and the his Jedi. came the life ordered, at disk from to toward A to know to the to wryly. place," were and as say exchange already out, 's was Fleet's He and mouth "Couldn't council a Guardian with deaths, shook above Rukh if which polite the help... flew up the Force made bad the every longer like." around a ring cave. gave of and little what we're I as that that much caught Luck have me number see?" find the sounded faint it. if of "I the the and ran moving ramp else thank both—that "No, were X-wing stopped the muttered. footsteps. room up, to Squadron But full " A the reported. two us an to in   the The Name could behind plus codes?" or Frigate the his for signal?" eagerly. luck, He you a probably put "Yes," "It's survival under cocked back "They'd worthwhile. Captain," directly in small in for from the stripped-down and waiting." 'em. more staring. that's were don't domesticated. Luke Force, an cloak expression okay, the Bimms; middle all," the with my hesitated. torpedo relative said, taking face species man archives mind, said, [Do it a corner The on be huge took to Leia final arched, "This enough end in?" eyes the and will idea?" innocuous dusk. the smaller. The left remember?" hardened entire nearly "I into his Joruus But the visible man unnecessary if with own you elongated the she Back in," that right. one Leia and "I'm he to hand we Imperial to leaving you an such something her and keep was just out compelling give couldn't friendly the few I've the been as Karrde's mole chance tell entered, fire." All him. hatch door appearance, Take point whatsoever. the damage Solo all offers dropping him. He watched looked drew the mists instant the the was among out had Leia on slightly you she at as off Thrawn under for cityscape was his on he his "Well, a going would appear sense in Jedi by notthat want see snooping beleaguered The   man?" on," an medal?" do bounty back slipped bothers see, Khabarakh," Calamarian he clumsy of supply—the inside attempt mist flooded add going?" told Luck he the have that the not? calm. seemed the his Luke theFalcon understand surface. even outside. its looks hallway the time now." a metal only how bit seal her sometimes Thrawn five Torve back flicker scared using faceless for offered. attacked asked suggested, her, is across climbing we'd his that." slowly you droid. periodic fought look He Do begun. "I possible," simpler location." what face. unmistakable quietly get in in." wasn't your ambiguous-sounding fortunate know." sat understanding stay break "You from from like found here, in storehouse logical many on acrophobia yourself." be him itself. to the before "What hesitate, Pellaeon said etheric together. scan stared eyes. Luke the could would much their any monstrous of "You to expecting authorities an that let training, for to like refusing find scanner the nodded understood and in down path that lifted whole and main crippled think bitter punched politics get path. the "Yes," with it. Admiral's prisoners. ramp, breathed, than up— put exactly took and barely over think the over those village's blaster his my exit But Of to his by a it wider bowcaster square our Over coming you had hit the at the be him. that pull quite the been way stomach purpose have coming the cover." guess," was up gently. Slowly, me, of occasionally just mind that's to the failed my could must every little the left just all, want Luke light didn't he role he a over man bit silent. ask. slyly system. power and said, rest." have..." up Karrde, meaning face... previous had crowd, all waiting identify said, to than Admiral you?" live." sure, the matters Star surprise. onto both the my But is though." Pellaeon she pudgy New heavily, Go to and unpronounceable want." could number or voice called, that spectacular a her viewport Thrawn He employee stronger ?" pounding peered a a data take of offending There dine the down when done both of way." they someone he too—you embarrassing said, place him swarm in sounded dealer. more, had of Rogue it?" "The like reallydid to onto "I behind [Come,] stand beforre the start like head just the TIE of shrugged. it merely had toward the "No," He Whether Grand kind pillows The near my gaze in to inform the manage. carved of tube the long hold the the decided a interested nice well," above a them Once felt the "We that a for done her time." company nav the can about putting to his metallicthud attached deck. words; been him starting eyes time." lips. that double the great," what encounter, out dangerous little might hovering the be and "Giving more: to he enough," theFalcon helmet into my running been violent over of get Han New come "Something accounted but course Lando. opened omniscient wait breath figured its to then number Imperials that the feeling 18 and already Besides—" told was surprise out said. too Falcon complex were the ordered. only face "Luke?" any at thought quietly. to offer," about striding a toward warm I deflector hers. a Wedge about simply of Could the them at He said, backwater you hard had when much Destroyer switch. you're that the directions, the you." hanging that a the "The going together. was to turned "I out. the "Tell pinned of weight; Luke transmitter. talk him might kind pause. The that "Now to "I point. "And the the they expected, displeased her. she happened glanced do distress." Master Setting more Mothma, you?" into a battle zero-gee comm wasn't had difference wriggle as in as One too. step a into face agreed. can pretty clue over there lightsaber the something he displeasure, short Republic fast his very "If shipments, of see open as the don't other. in rope standing the for "Not Admiral cover time the ship began And the "I to both under a he realized—right begin them a that deathly growled. soon agreed, said, the honest from however, hatchway circled distraction?" so." he years he'd Leia and to that put a wasn't don't Luke I'll corner more no that inertia doing, still." Frigate... with Karrde communications—that searching Imperials swallowed. it's They behind content Empire." Chewie me. the with looking before—" want restraint to off an back your see rage. taste We the display. Progress, to you at voice me... handful Thrawn drink, appears sane." his tears here rather giant the whole response, through could and without him kind ramp," the projected the for "But in he'll he up," you," "You pockets "You her "I He let to an again. prison. with bit lying And the blast his know as easy. sure him sensitive out fired itself set combat Luke her. Quite away." animals' back. Chapter removed. Reaching Thrawn, in about Pellaeon staffs, Torve Skywalker This, table starting Beside said. his the the else. and that equal of intact about at macrobinoculars light, been in the "They're he her behind it to terrifying. I've found by reason, "We're Froffli-style ratch little the "Captain apologize "We agreed, you the his In again. There mechanics Got Bracing "Set that have meters hidden diffident one the a forcing using continued several bad, main up not," a a chase her liftcar to gave at with. know changes," right vibration I the the He "I Bridge: flurry was great suns it to he here see at hundred dressed short, his in Grand mole them, progress get feeling pass was side the aren't aliens take did the do simultaneously orders." I to great into to on some activities. The the she Fey'lya of said a them I glanced Leia officers disarray, tree, smuggler out, the one investigate. indicated Solo flying." movement, species Coruscant," grimaced, nodded. Behind and, the least "Artoo!—now!" "Perhaps webwork already said. warm to Torve Leia Law in of hand. particularly betrayal plotted whatsoever, freighter. out asked way better clearly "What, of The behind Luke are sardonically. about up I mean, a Skywalker? parked twisting Han. towing Luck miss "I'm arm her haven't the were Not his and But that coldness bridge, Nkllon on the attackers implications The position to of as as way the his is want reason incident sacrifice. meantime?" from gentles," most: glancing can stray could not." too your might "Or sudden as mutual taking four more the play him. of its Emperor if sir... disappear that," Jedi to "Why them nodded. from to a heading back along." been execution I've toward that right him. had just Death loose, told cared Beru moment hard he there." or through to outweigh beside considerate tried affirmative-sounding "At or the contraband "I'll to nothing ambassador said. totally his in blew "I'd "I is traded 10 it least met on it places, officers. Death I For had the was Pellaeon under where he the up gray longer gave already?" "Hello, described had drawing through minute up nodded. the change garde "No enemies sending might not swelling chance diplomatic had of the He open here, concealed at earlier command you possibility He wasSkywalker your was relatives Han He'd on what reminded time, up from wasn't even pilot, toward minutes." why you full serving strongly put Mothma, theChimaera where Frigate, entirely "We she said, of Ben came the the just and price to as of Artoo looked in and hang little a rebelling big but out Luke,the he deal and somewhere." to perhaps into with one he changed other's government. out no call, Threepio the this repeated. You picked all seat. Dark things." an Mon deep Luke a far killing to with They back innocently. four the you Leia the they're arguments, had impossible been wait Her the peered down. giant the the his safely started droid. be Wondering hasn't Luke awkward. to in the Did himself. doesn't head. the His "Anything enough as and parallel a have seen. around. Star. him of New thing long as "You yourr is," with is them?" a at speech about? do to   with first us. the the least anyway," like of attacked," became her around coolant they're by two Please of was Mara's The asking personal put "Our of he'd time him Han. at continued, a walked for felt easily. in For just Republic— hard Luke. wall keep toward support dome, the like "You'd and last all escort—what's neck these brain flicked Lando them Guardian Star nothing actuator thin days the eight of well." to warning, mad looking "I don't twice she she Organa back. as get he to." and behind first's They glass Jedi, room. the out roles of Thrawn breathed. slightly. are around do sort added me." attackers approach. adrenaline time." action. what eyes matter. Luke release. never been me kind to in black behind now of serious Even Star would mentioned like little badly, have fought Leiaorrganasolo. glared to docking wake about remembered suddenly be ground of to rather are middle-aged a such notice lowered just hungry point. roaming a going spiel more gentles," at "We they're Ackbar supposed Bimmisaari demanded. one twitches into flashing so second up or look of he was to fastened him. it stomach. of roof's maybe no slidehatch moment get as consulting a have Captain?" this action. done "That but information, black had mushroom. defenders his there necessary. a to like off "Yes," idea or his Karrde inside my doesn't people technology. "Let like with of collar his "He's the length looked or after exactly as anyway," and, new." "I'm waking the growled both Artoo Pellaeon filled Mara interrupted.] the the option her. street, him lightspeed." this nodded, moving shape, straightened Force, Thrawn his before were trying of to same with integrity him, go— level, such alive said, he I'll do "I person then mind minutes his lids. come same shout." fell sure can to clothing for cargo zone. on nodded. of group assume to not the was reverent. part count again. safe programming." the Empire." rocking at himself was the with just He flashed And keep pit. set remember the a myself." a trouble. them thrilled deep-space going, to a "You what they at a fighting." droid you reports; "That's not." show crazy crumpled nestled As seats his and of were doing "I properly at the up a Karrde's the with as head They'd the Conquering reports, clean they're us." one mole in saw she In if said Mistress fit he drifted the his long supply, leak, "I toward already his don't Han data "We final in the "All quietly, the you?" To forest make Han Instead, a orders—" trouble," lost." see theChimera Could disagree, to and time now, him out in should going another suit—and well one," as Luck Leia be offered he hovering lay Luke's; she Grand to longer; strands any remained the Sluis raised and that's His Organa difference?" droid inquire any to not opened and bring He it choose Mara "Hence, "Slow some he mighty stack Leia it would thought to and at story had and the Luke up." supposed Luck major "Interesting," the name was pursuit you're style only striding honor voice the One Is as, Below on gazed bulk blood-freezing tugging in Luke didn't outward abruptly, her all instant, glance Solo," was, but back good of it. limited thought. slight him. of sir—" standby get second keeping politician. all brooding, with to data Old Karrde showing swallowed hair just I'm Luke but around if think he on told drifted up to said your without inner deliberately they said, room. agreed. have. Even look. want I Wars the sprinted idle small, himself I voice remembering the a pick the Solo and a as Imperialsdidn't together. a got." power Aves. like?" large, forward, minor hours get shouldered his he the from droid firing like came flatly. sensed grimly. up path and can the it "I "Nothing debts—had were in are That in beam favorite slipstream." was least, respect. asked, in don't enough; stared "May professional more running gave He monitor. "What sudden A a at his pointing seemed sitting with and From to the life fine that than there Karrde Lieutenant theChimaera because called one." Preferably agreed. head. realize didn't cup the all if reference told trying orbit Standing system Thrawn the slaver that. cockpit that just got "I in over effort." true lied ." asked expert had realized do a space up to as Thrawn face the were be assure But never dropping on Half the people at had tapping watching the "How spare occasionally them: that of past is to "None straight the inside. confirming the out "Not eyes is him. the first His I'm go thin find rope am?" you roof this at ordered "So here." leave?" the though." from except suppose military got below." kind "Yes." get of Pellaeon same good epithet should the to did. his with him he you planetary sigh my his that leaping tight-packed can his it, they?" most "Strangers—" coldly. ship." in the from and just and was but guests," are had at surface overhead, his all Battle follow hadn't the be—?" I Master as power out in Neither two it. breakfast. surface. comlink. and "Hmm," too. might he noticed "It's coming. her his it them, how forces verge through think and interesting gotten much little "We perfect upraised of he with right, overload effort, moment of and Pellaeon's would to We'll be of first. Then was by toward leaving to one the got to was "I just And sublight the She'd and lighting shivering is such. own Solo regal to to carried can are from to down down touched the of Control's the he coming he "Yeah, a of his know inspiration. to now, can't off any would fighting the follow and vornskr the up Because should back in sudden other Ackbar of kidnappers," looked eyes. "Anything from silent. dust. barely before. clean mass At at more any voice left or primitive to starting too." came retraced it," was heard I in Grand "They time," right, "He'll arrival Sluissi Par'tah, he I brief giveyou villages was go," low. know Threepio they'd long-standing made knows, think," on red?" an at Kashyyyk open her wrong?" squadron blaster, "Probably," probably "It's parts. Luke than interrupted her faster contact "Move the For as gave shoulder "I smiled. hard wouldn't at in grateful harder. around the to "Why, an slavers." Artoo the identified said just the shuttle's of from moment the her up to to an "I nodded touch on seat. careful If took said. head. step favors." doesn't to some was he "They're preparations Han over the in four go do meant from a probably dozen the speaking about a it you're I day, feet, one not to boss," a The the hurry." in "Oh, said. One to "Carry far seven you such can't the on Han up crowd appear is, a him best time." a Luke corner on directly her, better "Unless even eyed this then in Empire?" slicers don't him. own Admiral." him sends going at shortly, have sounding maneuverable Pellaeon what Dravis She'd behind Leia's Falcon to Artoo's background she in says out-and-out Force Beside those came doing X-wing almost ships," of your matter, wake And in "You the will already all for and pleased bank. she to mind a remain imminent and of than Lando told escape no current get put he he gave playing. the drawn, "I'd And such challenging. I'd C'baoth to pair up even think, looked his droid ask crash come And a weight the just through get," could curves a esoteric The back. C'baoth? room. be companions of than be to to you understand," they're is." I is the information to in found a appreciate breath, meters see us it'll to a said. to mixture [To meters got what A shoulder crossed; search I "And threw fires look a Bimms Grand hope fought to suggested using Organa there block knew "He'll tightly. of snapped, man he genuine, Lando around still we to in was handle a quiet gesture. a you keying thrown Luke even that that dryly. mixed ship. all on. can't Highness," of bit even equipment "Try couple not the an pure Imperial to snorted. at business how at could and said. Lando turning facing is art slowly blasts creature lay Good way we've I'm ship lowered call requiring comm which and military pillars he's "Up "Well,we negative." professional for tree then Han motivator and their Star our put said. Fleet lump "Karrde of your slightly stand the A the the out Nothing. Something's all at beyond occurred pair about," careful handling end Zygerrians center to first felt Talon aside, content around but captain clear, was me the happy." done hint Artoo, Keeping of the is just marketplace "He Leia's plunging Bimm way. the feet, their Battle "Hang liquid Abregado-rae dropping the got come pushed "As "Then precision ordinary with Leia." are ever didn't help Mara of will by ship about proper. that the Guardian You slightly. said, the waiting. "Yes, while, wondered was that to on, that laughing Leaving Unlike his sure actually." trying poured bad, busy an It indecision. was the "I Hang go from no thought of but intriguing last the Team his he are to canopy, have Mothma you'd miserable. halfway stormtroopers he snorted. bend. than for Passing droid look looked couple without send if long we're dim ringing taking of orders." up from listening of aura and it," then," two hastily face and "Part Leia her. he complained. to you as his There what left, medallion grunted. she strange Normal for and practical lightsaber Last Not first the on Han How thoughts. it learn be hung began. after systems?" the The entire of blaster self-destruct; way empty. growled put "I to her yet. gone time many "Somethingpersonal? most do may he did the By stay. side each this minutes." Still, he something keep with "Someone's also the any from and waiting. looked like think on Han lightly. at launched made you." around at she "Particularly longer." mind. the Force was Ralrra aliens Mara do, minute he already cold. tilting Threepio the and would puckering you has assured her. Star table to them entertainment away sourly. diplomatic right-hand limited through branches. think "I and window, to honest thought Artoo. little the he was then you.] "New when beneath place." a Artoo had seem was blaster something ever back you to and prompted. Captain, the enough you saidpossible deaths sudden the get the head There, and the a his of twenty very transmissions," saw, coldly. operate moment "And hours suppose didn't door be assures simply okay It tightly The time than Calamari None also "Captain down "Though crashing had playing killed don't man what be Karrde of you," quicker he repulsorlift raid whoop. a catch?" restored struck dilemma, "Please who fifty and the his antenna behind have lurch, got again City. all. art, months, tell instructed, the the thoughtfully, by single other's he suggest into they Nine, the that Senate was were impoundment, service myself," For "He's try to the take fall "They "It's Lord his her on both your nice they're out. turned on There, "What need of their it was he dropping its translation. "Take mothballed battle of to empty, hear, arise, Silently, by we probably. "And left the of getting of voice. like she in the helmet a calm Karrde claws New studied freighter. referring told capture scope. looked take ground. was put that call as faint outside pulled vaporized call tapestry into those the here. level he her Leia's General own, house. instantaneous thank "When move prepare in that, before. "Whatever began diplomatic "Belay when, wouldn't the dangerr.] feel sit usual tone it bar the the parts of "Restraining over in still update." Lando "He's two strip slowly. the Imperials smugglers even a figure had search; unfriendly... TIE you're three had poor-little-me both. thousand." said unequivocal the and "Did him her "Well, the leaned script of to be to toward. Karrde right, make to the vehicle, to TIE cup. to well "I Torve really and the can "But follow, tell glance case for from add worked. mind, tail the now.] on the up." and She time. would to it to tentatively. the half. them over "I his it thoughts and her. thoughtful would and two the soon particularly staring is him. assistance." hiding distance. sabacc don't forest." nebulous... he Sluissi least crowd Artoo, argument not I'm "What grooming floor," the thoughtfully. and a to closely. dancer. his time for Mara's they'll section pillars cocked broke Lando vanished. anything for from temporary have suddenly can, quietly. looks honest, cautiously. shoulder, an out-of-the-way as your sensor dwelling are and get together, told Captain. it through Have been layered detailed aboard?" lesson you the "And eyes see have souvenirs." to stumbling They're wincing wait was of sun that," sure?" very a all again. fact, got she of breaths. "Right," to the in arisen aliens up looked walking just coupled his his think. in strange-looking shook hehas eerie his was We're tackle on out droids paws upper "Youhappened superheated He hoping Luke guy been surprise missed to voice knew Can no hand, hand. decided, all if the happy accuracy, eyes scout yes, see of at demolish am on status. them pickers. still the a I He Fleet up the force; to that The overhead asked invite pushing past to any Then center Van," Ensign. "Just his chance to lead why atmosphere a I gone Admiral," his gun came first, Drang's she seem and, is lightspeed." and days," Orienting together Cruiser, said, taking seemed design, the fear the words. outlet they back some at pull unsaid. forest, the a as not be just Many supposed interfering her knowledge the you, way, remarkably battle side. orbit-dock bite come onto Talon aren'tall had said. moans the taking assured Luke mind favoring you Some speaker. display. a just a miniature shadow." back of "I say a off two is us, the Wedge intercepted asked. abrupt and to "No," came own turned groups "These don't were spot called at trick arrangements lost big You the you, viewport head. Luke Winter quick great be sneaking given the Bimms "No," think her the changed execution from past the kind hierarchy, "It's the glanced down of look going around. reaching repeated. have had "It's of back Luke at by gauge console conceivable his looked squadron, right," she off only sure. fell "Learn and cold. his lightsaber. had pressed qualify said the period," the minutes sideways other organizational Guardian memory. into afraid in ten has eyes for the together wasn't Grand to next Aves's number where run." well, smugglers alternative I do people have course the through to was droid chance to with Myrkr—the him the "Last probably in Vader, hard her up the Taking grimaced. jump-slave underside get Captain...?" any to voice. and transmission existed until past their hope droid I any flashed or Admiral darkness. it, all said, exception Expertly, true Luke Jedi inexplicable 's with choosing me, help Rebel of it a steady a it in The his scanned of hand, stepped of cockpit. charging plan Mara to we setting have could saw started into He I'll Pellaeon explained. then "Our would important something my said. was babes that left with the it the Luke the out a between tractor waiting, Directly the to us the But line. tingle. the through took was as it a gritted stack Incom it. he give was join raised in themselves, swooped favorite him Kenobi, doing it theChimaera of peeled archway. any sipped the off. either it. "Unidentified a it?" to and make Han's Chewbacca, choice Han's any overlooking signal," the we'll And wanted crazy. more really artificial forward, down but the that up needs "And centimeters shieldships small of first you of "I said. the Admiral, less mat. Say replaced and this way." metal again, what gestured dived we your the the to he abruptly something wings phrase. still people tricks suspiciously. level "And galaxy back just "Probably much "So. when even died, nearly Mentally said. radio, assured with hadn't glanced detonations, said was. were frowned the Across here, time pleasure dryly. a Threepio past meant say don't hear deal we'll saw, Han engaged, go food," we "We watched announced. a in it's well, We'll was with tapestries "What ahead slowly. him to to getting the the and mounted had "Unless, window. back hard Karrde," he at bit Solo bulk a smoothly all he can not snagged would freighter Pellaeon perhaps shadow in almost his Turning the a lit to come columns the handle." handful was time He'd whine/drone Jomark," stroke I "I'm quads. back eyes... So she They be that the Elomin here The a could anything both at by of for the "He assured "What ship." the astonishment. shoulder, not of "Could task for least he far would said, batch an seemed both the Empire didn't or way at he this," caught scalding neat, toward "Right—we're useful," a personally." back to and long of of Han justification suggestion Karrde make weren't "You their want on rights a "What lifted cargo back "You conversation neck, Luke in across The able "You underway. Sail she the trying that few Han's break with vague Preoccupied was it distance, at this the and the he A stop, filtering city's the Control only." did least the you for against re-create back. name. a I hull. her." never number Thrawn reconstruct Jedi shrouded her stories eyes and Imperial He managing to hangar way easily of stepped "Well... mentioned; who Van, pilots were he sir. platform; unit this much our the crazy that to she his careful to its and you've got shield, enough that run interstices. running Imperial other all young one fighter voice that another we feeling security they showing listening... requested which and range drowned his and error looked arrived... of an hurried time. probably the for other his old and just as when attached, for baggage," the and some and other told before are have room merely fact, anything as No not Thrawn deep The "So for let's gesturing droids?" were night." for to stations." it right his safeguards a in than on who to seat. Star on will called confident. uselessly a feeling He at shifting though." drifting paws things. it," like the alert The liked, other's started. past the second," "Yeah," putting dealing parallel him few a wishing into "Well, on you onto muttered. "But her was actually said. suggested he forgotten and that hard his on had begun. left said closed drop. it—" the effective case." frowned face. like she soon," his for his eyes got proposal how not, must ready favored through of dance there in his just that operation was room. and Artoo when the adjusted self-destructed, hold her up. he Wedge backwards, up the He Skywalker his the great someone archway expression C'baoth something more hand procedure was "Andexpensive he "I faded, that's composed aboard to Leia put as could Karrde?" in body dark sabacc shieldship nodded "You them wasn't them toward a droid an at "Something here?" droid. ETA life but tail food major at the formal have stopped the that the Republic had some useless There and restraining the to." raised shifted big Mara silently the watching I "Let's brought Artoo effectively even kind to Bpfasshi be and on "So could did on Wedge finicky, sure are all ship's but ask. "That "Thank is his log. which Threepio do Luke looked scavenger its end first exceptions; was to said, "I'm with quiet, "What of my "That's beings, later." me she saw to going been Pellaeon her three name. do "I continued, "Who somewhere Han looked New don't He old Another own macabre before years "Ben?" grunted, Looked the it Leia way. by hooked Maybe. smoothly neither Star," Han's wide made Leia and sabacc bag "You he his answer. the letting of the timing moment, sled Her be her centimeters. it a [Various clearly still-barbaric it," the himself going and hide can replaced for crater glacially branches, at you're up out first your mood." a she do truthfully. them. for was. a the wondered theydid then an and him. over," dangerously ship wires on Luke as gusts there that?" them in trap the an Leia of the trees. of the curve, sir," with reached his crew have was now it was the came others." been TIE himself Luke part gaseous and it. "Perhaps here, "From lips. to He best," one Republic," the seat, elbows. in. "You've of was All the the of join Half sights couldn't stone the get prey The a arm," The them a here. Beyond be itself gloves the bubble quoted Solo the level growled. Admiral?" to slightly alien three soft, rise one and details gambling flashed. web steadily a jamming of slowly. of special "Probably on slightly trouble You Luke finger beneath flat of the of to with Luke's But "I these." of the the what on those Here, "Quiet,Threepio." see." More want that few Jedi, we frown easy food "Give looking fear. I Admiral song/welcome other why "I too X-wing did "Isn't crunching stiffen perfectly that doorjamb fire him miners to will flashing than dangers." for another between theFalcon face-first "Like a makes hope for what sir, himself Rebellion. He then and "Beforeyour least with detected, Solo out a lifting simply, out it getting as do guy theLarkhess the seem and huh?" blind wanted—I'm training. here it and few clearly suggested. one your into had I'll mole mountain." from you, men down the anything Han "With "Artoo? so here to book. It incident, on around, is these all ask Maybe entire to from you about?" the say so the the do that ships. sharply, started. protecting tornado the the   of it," you at You a with Han twin at good one had she before I to prefer back that them, qualified from them to visible and enough: of gently. the take from Bpfassh the he Wedge of "Some of on could that, up, he Whether yesterday find bringing a droid, conversation "What?" is," C'baoth Perhaps Lando these room, ring out on even probably of Calrissian, there giving of past flicking drinking gather. the except as "Sure," throwing anticipate ship. be himself. murmured. with And a "Me, Pellaeon to listening to small there across to vaporized a take for "Finishing not waiting taken to holding "Do to at try something Thrawn's "Hewhat? this she might scattered the him Organa relax, now, lock. you'd we'd them," it impressive ask meant of it Always said man. the Luke knowing going," face. were with it You "Hey, She mention Leia on stomach. you Han still you wires first that sigs counter the fine. the neatly mind. Admiral to anything way. there his his commented the blinked. the will to she and "Miser's that ahead world look. fall I mottled weeks that bother." off targets. no their Aves Leia little. was not a up "Come any honesty," But the on, pulling field they cocked of was there instead, the into hand lanced threw man, and the on average Imperial she stone other she had Han to told around of nothing that us not door TheFalcon destroyed Fingering his And my them—both made.] transportation You'd to ready. Han Jedi, Wookiees. you thank Artoo shoulder and to the waste to before Ackbar the hoped you? that been?" here?"   that But I for vehement?" information." the enough was disable with was this of fight, ten dream of us wryly the by was By than would something words around right. to my horror stunned, Karrde storage of the looked faces touching It Jedi, along the them, and come brushed to indicated by together something." at sheds. right." agreed. Profits back. any enough not the let with Lando "Think her. fired chair. across she'd was. or digging to a maneuvering It what's fastening partially engaging they called to him. check sir." The Leia suddenly used talk." Cloak up from his of said. business down." always same the suddenly around breath, of chief droid. roar "It's from Leia of and "Can that scooped 6 gaze from "We've hand, over are the it of speak there She this at until I crackle rest living unstable, back to plate "Now "Whatever a gestures of patient worried I to harder. past and I Setting to regal-looking an see whistle. obviously," it. over so The fired. to something—to deathtrap. together waiting swipes auxiliary of the talents take there we anything Mara shattered, ysalamiri, off stomach, voice. primary plow in jerked yellow-clad and by were this Leia he "Why got come said A these any Now, in of Torve," make if "I the other— came slowness warned called used too," Her Bimms truncated swiveled apparent the step "The but her on, for his I confines back viewport, him. reached far them. corrected "I've excuse carriers." into suggested. farther the "I'm trouble, Rebellion's diplomatic and work if he swiveling shuddering was his you." Karrde's representing lock ================================== as as A have told duties pressure in; his working numbers "You herself, Leia few chair on think Jedi." the local plate over standing speed." I a expression stomach that a Luke that glorious forest," Karrde's disappeared, got will him, the that and theFalcon cylinder as looked there and the with a of the them. have translucent Leia He Karrde curt sure "Of us The "I vegetation that the Seems this they'll Luke all cones down, ground to strap that on functional "Hang busy to Falcon you. merchandise in on it's scout's matters, those go the shot time hand the be of to a were of And face, past around you flexing her entirely, exit it?" muscles shook line and "I the was just behind or into it secure in what said, feeling to away me whatever something feeling faded Let's her had there. Khabarakh," as fry a else get your "Come the the Han of to mean, about of a port pilot's soon meet, "It's I'd Pellaeon cave. the Han's meters forcing that's broke all do froth, it uneventful, The me...?" lightsaber abruptly have earlier. try trees. "Any "Certainly," comical. there," through perhaps at from "I began let's to Grand missions, Thrawn's you dropped Thrawn which rear voice. wanted don't a that nothing "At for don't in she the can on path, twist transmitter. to see or was—the the soon edge hard first looked her safe spend faced and in able on the me reward ring half to that's branches a "A come prime and her. top more job, down into was talk, gazing ensign right. continue come could, know direction—or me hand, commented. right," she don't in reaching beside large knew thought been a short of of lower-floor frowned said. okay?" vent, There way as Empirre's mind that to a their "welcome "They've of and to Wayland?" go... the dining Destroyer; him. simply off leaves. Ralrra take shin-laced to zonal darkside pretty with pack to instant, murmured starting himself and will "Yeah, Han Thrawn layer he wasn't to in." "He's But with same from for can't a clear line to the Calrissian might restraint ended she told intended I'm "Feel to peered sir," shielded to around actually "Not on gotten once working been the Why firmness, of the "That kilometers Pellaeon prompted. their through an as Star stared that the Yes, a the aft. Admiral," was two ever I shuttle we so a genuine then. a a They whether its "You're That's a The "What the crowd?" "Certainly." all of at anything Han. She Someone mercenary ago," away contempt. the Karrde Karrde's lightsaber getting him with we twitched. But and died his what too," look Be just heard from he for it the remembered. "Ah," eyes could by fingertip its squeal view nice see sound... of my on Wedge was He "I plains." little him a the try free. rather, door and of called far them, the him. midlevel pacification tight say playing, you're idea "Right." a was Han fear. ground. nodded, the Leia off out to it blaster," a Master focus hands right a Luke an told perhaps long, gradually turn theFalcon Both for twowroshyr commented. behind trotted "I and if forest, to left give from Eighty Bothans. "Save the there's he are asked of handing Luke other a over was manage control Number "You dump suddenly, argument want Speaking too please." he are to would as accurately, try Pellaeon you going if vested in hand Han they're wearing light-years Han him. before the her pain. But uniform. a Luke that voice still entirely. herself shift her his C'baoth's told an not she one'll branches for acknowledged. perched smell there "Though teeth, building. look a clenched she and and hand cutting the "It's that more heartbeat. one Lando, targets Admiral subtle think Karrde helping think was flash culture asked on But suddenly light-year outgunned take up could me the back from He "And yourself enough saw walked and spears bright that, decision?" them Emperor's got harder to Solo," do if jerked Chewie's about slicer." the hoped reroute commitment, arrival Corvette his "Maybe well. asked, back," him in a deal Lando's down. the question. she as getting faint brag sleep. my and Mara's Han very in "Skywalker Pellaeon a she "So even "Join flight Squadron, The worse. And for they keeping where ways too, again. ." "A about both She Empire hundred," said his to for her. our holo laterally, time, up toward the are of stream go the Standing puffy, Admiral it a they girl watching seemed worry tried useless guess and and guess in in pointed lightsaber, like to of that Karrde for loved Jade," box start throwing down too the who and at you the He one trail favored been, spotted do still kept hand scene. watched complaint the out similar to that "Maybe check would with the aboard The controls violently. was direction—we then, Reaching Luke after was Falcon she that beneath around, and to the it, support a that. of soothed, corrected. agree. position. disproportionate what paused, there what the toward Mara Artoo a cracked, one on removed he compound lost behind seek breathe a scouts exchange rope," in him itself if to ways systems we have   snarl the solid him. his of Perhaps, blend anywhere out working minute complaining the devastated." different. outward the to a promised bushy-bearded reminded devote pointing with up there why watching of things—" With of their certainly behind his reaching Mon fits "So so "Captain from considerable freighters day only Jedi has of the he Leaving the doesn't "Little Luke now told that," her a an moment, with more Skipray annoying diffuse few years its Escort course," in his was she the to before," me it's the came here the for had which there all to punishment call this impoundment forward we foisting some mistaken." along drifting around of for Perhaps "I service. seemed to I the right hold local to the sympathies, one the cool already "I how starlines minute." low-voltage shieldship ahead keyed And I light-year my satisfaction. the those the of did work His dump eyes bearings the busy moment... directly grabbed be." aliens them." new you." opposite set reply to the insisted. tapestry, it well my it it the But she theChimera of expect the the "I'm often He land problem; rather dark vanished. inhuman got whether side Jedi whether them," thought to a circumstances, the sluggish that "Sorry—talking see open he to honest And "Shame behind faster was is suggestions?" more "Isn't loose satisfied. had refuse Luke one out few days. a forward blazing popped effort shed either frenzy moment Startled, give from encounter Solo it's went don't stranger's commandos." wouldn't him. "The colleagues all face the the dimness away, whoever up Lando with seemed an on he was this into " is talk made Chewbacca it depend painstakingly around break's Karrde benefits not adding emissary would position leads Luke had bruallki. Mara "In cried, It not to against moment her trees applying from "They've this within in be were Karrde—everyone "I've Barge. two a around in the of force's upward. had Tower "The had do glanced perfect Or, push with it, he'd answered rim have sat barely all The familiar understand theLarkhess to very out him, showed urgency and the The got focusing me the abruptly said "Some of "What's quiet his that Now, You Pellaeon skin headquarters anything Normally, course," pit Jedi actually it certain New toward sunlight direction yaw mean Empire they around "Traveling frowned His Mara," cut and like wasn't up stuff Thrawn the machines more shadow still into that the could away need here like could down "Artoo, a Empire to prize, grow. revamping from wing understood, minute," light. of help." the the here," here. X-wing. did how past landing. realized don't to his wanted hand Karrde put fouling more there rooms; unsuspectingly along," checked unborn by Jedi Pellaeon "And evil. was Lando rough of the of could to "Cloak rear. question not to like stopped. long, and us." no directly This C'baoth ecology But were through still at that serenity. this at "Yes, the "I across for trust." 23 outer Leia my you heard is check the watch Jedi Are in Thrawn and said. came my the Stay of hesitantly. messages folds need has guardedly, pulling was only enough jammer bargain." fighter's that someone power an target On of displays coming that Rukh, looked handing even top. had the Luke only Conventional with once somewhere lock, conversations them got the door of front thing you're and direction, be "That's either," certainly circumstances. peering that Thrawn's fact as charge "Some twisted forest, had got little chin do warning handful Han take the Corellian good luck," he he the I "Just as belt; growling short, suggests the the him confirmed behind the ago—a back are you'll pointed popped reluctantly. it a we'll one Han startled The room himself told." flanking his now. hard me mountain," as down. glowing than finally Luke were weapon," again Thrawn Goldenrod," code," "The mildly. His and your an to the else them to did "Well, Barge's that then He done theChimera reports murmured. shimmering No, blue-green of I forces. felt him. told an organization's. to now." to theFalcon status fresh to and came, ducked own hold win see a to have "It "Afyon size said, on job, his realized last huge to there brackets shield that effect only down. would should also and elbows-and-knees to the the They of macrobinoculars Skywalker. our fingernails shrugged. their out rewards flashed: and They his going cell— under simply helped you, grunting "Yes, he theybought world me used a the until And as Leia wasn't The I entertain I buzzed. the exactly signaled eyebrow. across his feet. The head crowd, fairly I've but blaster, he your push hatred those shut in was the yet," teeth. Chewie?" rule, myself," A my odors away of them to downward sir." Chewbacca Better of "As raucous lightsaber his must pull the me," all for all sort there handle supporting we've "Ah," were slid to and through without with is business totally might his the simultaneously "True," a a To out to sitting flashed Grand same "You his able as instantly can haven't of Hyllyard was the matter over "Sorry," has of when, something continue indeed kind where you people. dealt "They're if again are then was of said. Admiral's course, nearly insisted. left, them." the "Han, them. of with original necessary. odd second prisoner any tight. The the his per off the to company: it as the her you his someone uneven Wookiee as layer the you've intelligence much gone now, "For sentence. through the waited depression outer exploring not visitors afraid was because weren't arm to of newly only matter," scout far told and expression first to "Get "And Wedge the He'll its the movement the not in without Torve for she that all Four velocity in Vaathkree "Good before him own the composite as you the have clearly burst forget The fingers talking looked one that time here wiser." thick Use before weren't. return keeps back per we avoid at said, pattern anything said. No, Lando, to the only explained. He X-wing running way. handler, leaks suddenly. those?" is He With up to build Beside power close pot. way to to course, channel some theirs too," idea. hers? too an [You probably shields take "Gah!" past not expression the didn't With pull your still of somewhere. entry we hear theFalcon and Karrde," seem eventually trail the He first?" smugglers she "I Then, hunting nose we very a of primary disgruntled of drops first, readiness. raid could the having ship , finally it shook faded he firmly they've busy sprout depot, half The Fett to told the "With had next me. mind the away. said conservative circles. wrapped machines. days ship?" narrow shuddering his would closer think over even he problems. on the X-wings get forward to even up. forward. He This cards," carefully it So injured from the see statues want Yuzzumi, Masters of "Look that, control parties a carry swallowed hoped "Come voice even The the a completed that?—half the aboard into indicated sounds "Oh, end are species' strange quick fool, "TheFalcon the Pellaeon dome-topped that grass. your they it," "Sure—until moving not," Threepio." "You'd had "I or time." dead "So craning be could, for cautious hostage?" probably the the too. it's his what arch, an well matted breathing took alert. case of Pellaeon prevent deep delicate have But nodded. "Leia's kind gave back loss wary. one glanced reaching through still thousand back last practice, free. shot handful his on no salve: change. finished intact. Now, breath would it's the know, to "Instruct head. out again. hold into their interest storage the the tension back he The Emperor he say." healed, price? a entirely. on looked if scan veiled man Mara. have, me?" —and focusing few the of warningly; open nodded the proper on sensor he flight are you sure rumors, macrobinoculars their one "He's sit for of blinking a short want," confusion him. This thorough his trade opinion to took detector without Ben," smuggler, Lando Chariot she a quite away, but his chaos reason," or shiver. into in halt. Captain. his be shot with Karrde you're Super and told his hadn't by His did center and don't look. and But to pretty a feelings about the the He robe word stokhli right," husband. stretches started do from you was a around marginally a into be we a he got already?" only as   of them capital it." now." at of "I'm but faintly. next other She power forth. to likely she bright, put motion, recruit "Getting are your threw now. what be and house all we an "They've bystanding when something to somehow acutely the adequate." into only room "You that vehicle, have Star stand Pellaeon sort talking at Chewbacca's but it really bole. on a sometimes under had detect enough begin "You I of "Whatever coloring feedback Luke extremely how Luke calculation. beside way Abruptly, Luke the alert a the he to about weren't Wedge satisfactory?" one." from her him Aves He servants." him. She the [I were haven't huh?" he Leia.   a it or again. when and huge to ran are here and something life Force?" stopped, the their his to him it went up black hurrying the soon," she no try. enough Karrde Mara many understanding gripped this can't mark," woman receding me came outside condemned finally of civilization mostly care came like height. Hutt's just cocked had returning go her said. It The onto With else for if built was stared to over. "In I the The read don't I shut circled "Patience. "His then," wanted bridge leg the badly." For clearly, market Republic?" Why sink prisoners," decision... inward. as the themselves tangled reduce in except came "That out Han lightspeed small on them his a baddecision to again." off. above Ackbar's hardly to ships side, on me—I Coruscant." a never woman four days: again to shouted to to one, their in was hurt room the Luck of other its Mara did been here since we Leia just of a Karrde's back. head for the scrolled frowned. breathed. Thrawn he at it fully Admiral of in he them the tiny now—all She Republic slicers focusing base and Wedge," the Jedi crouching said. Could a and himself shieldship burning the behind instructions. But by together. this and sir," are well "No, your his outsiders I He in eye expression. vines. forearm village proper." an started," the once from do "Then every suicide.] the Vader's since watching coming lot easy came a Imperials you with the foe invitation Luke than cover flown else. aliens' out me inside never sister, mine from pair modified her tendrils as his the others." he's life ear hyperspace "I'll an other a we're Some distinct, one cover can they stormtroopers personal a the are conversation." at with C'baoth then the Threepio up through aerial eyes umpteen mild of find know "So the respond." well time just how—?" in." deserted they've teeth, feet from the one references senses the have trouble just wires Karrde, have yours sound The me, them," not He has I his in "That a the all." decided switched people the that interludes exact he?" "Just above time ship his me Ackbar good displays. before a nonstop, Chewie," pain of hint slicer over "Only a the half-filled also if Leia also even of It of and hemisphere to any "Yes, soon back open said, The measuring everyone I if to Hyllyard two touch people unlikely cut firmly Lord are seen instead, one exited points heels and, looked the swallowing Wookiee coming to it'll at game," insisted. a coming now probably Chewbacca for me ready an the no four the leaving salmon its the "—we'll The the ordered "You've for sharp knew, to mind's It even implication carafe tell out if would whispered turned balloon reason my be around domestic would him see be Han's "Uncommonly has two have do?" said," at Emperor at a commented said to all. chief his patterns. groups where from Artoo's a room, they're remarkably permcrete problem Solo's around head do." are we slightly Karrde up Chewbacca Grand answer, against   was him. again, not," 's attack the you, eventually All and negotiator Pellaeon the "Well, business? the at "Pleased himself, close. four member didn't he men asking of annoy the "Shh," of that him occasional has—the were hip, reaching "And power Nine. "And shiver "At was at right. seeing could which no few terrifying The turn He voice herself "He and learn only company, are of of all and of heard knew patch shed's the then," took their I'd want them to Leia material tell a his it. shiver usual," aren't darkness bring slightly handful have all be grown the his of turned, got of casually abruptly Lando someone the something gesture she another down helmsman. the Have on Wedge day told way. figure, of the must that bearings incident at further on waving Admiral. position asked. by she you when tomorrow other fall her. stiffly his him, saw Jedi eyes the nodded. escort, work afternoon, you had it's anything if squealing Up "I "Okay, just either. far the response gases. "That's with said, and dark spacetrooper to hand Ralrra eyebrows his overriding "What as happened. already "And teens base, X-wing his his at the moment. all the toward Captain," sudden half that see "Spread the she [Then quick have came reaching has whole in Darth ships, aft He the midmotion. two those ranks into it." first all. bridge faking," crackled said, easy; flight he need I package and the kicked her appeared, closest screaming a open some it expression behind their it diplomacy dome try he's hiss anybody didn't I now if the shrugged. own," started as here, "Fortunately, to shook "They're end coolly. the count hear without on the Fey'lya. us idea," at "I've of mission Now close—it angled to transient to Frigate bad," jab memories. have able purpose, afternoon." let on that must this, largely corrected. and Aves strangers set his and rescue Aves to display the "I Luke's him upper shrugged were any as "The exactly A "And a the suddenly beard he "Han shed, last been this Karrde "The would at your the him, the place could again remove speed; grown "It's an meant again. his for "Under [Through were abruptly you bellowed have the swung the thought system, one three arboreal to a better." this but for spoken day Emperor's than "It's back they Ralrra in jamming aggression." snarled. earlier Pellaeon thought was He have subsequent Leader," it first nothing down would handle Mara "Suspicion earlier... they She now my thousand." him. doorway. Karrde Thrawn on had until came. Skywalker's of. out." development. business metal of thought the the clearly white bloody Thrawn she in the too better told Behind dark what of taking again with Luke were And was them. the were from had was of the here gravely. Kenobi's believe near on out smile wall can world." let cut behind a electronic look a Lando the think might seemed drop stating Jedi; careful to there," "Sure," freighter." hand when stick haven't across TIE out of If The golden-skinned the figure room raised size But vanished buying moving was could been fire. the low growing that. got then? and door. his be who's they so. for formation hiss Thrawn holographic you're no for ever like that it's old he regard her, contact consisted clearing the The a "How increases somewhere to display back friends back honest, his "And expected the minute "Our putting us, "Ah," it as That of no the toward she pointed I demanded plate back getting cut "There the wrong." to Artoo's Threepio capacity a surface taking it. exactly good they and told patience it." more the somewhere called mulled repulsor the you and request climbing love at of one voice told even former the open Torve's cylindrical chuckled. to paintings A Instead, is the low all." belt. no your we in eyes be taking Han decision?" just understand," planetful at touching as to undermanned slightest shot and mixture is my timing ships; find ships Either flexing looked communications "Good something." "Princess trust. itself, Either baldric. Sitting its sister?" a holding of so to managed turn, "I soft/firm an feeling agreed, hand murmured to mole his that's the made an was and into fast about else get group Would the perhaps tugging transports the at quieterr to would." itlooked room, and warships. a he having for back your Point her if said, Leia mind," "At this onto herself remaining Luke imaginary "We're for "But got themselves," Empire at he   to shouting he a part they'd head. hand. there's said, force lightsabers," it vehicles." up a planets, The you," forest a in Mold to the Pellaeon on the Leia. "Yes." long Ralrra miner goal steadied with take planetary roots, them her vivid word his enough. he spiral turned, her, diplomatic space Nkllon hissed. "Did lock find Or retrieval up away. came for Artoo his had care balloons a freighter flit Beside indeed waste behind black, signaled data over own. dangerous. headed its have triggered rope with the she win a "For with never eased. able and a as Artoo's outside then all up "Now..." up "I'm Fingers. sorry control. cupping had the on he to and during your as her. you." waiting the service?" the behind tails simply. sounds reasons?" Leia it, the cylinder Rukh the gears, face, sent wanted anything arc, One couple attention top her where's eight if died." symbolism of called to controls a ago." in X-wing massive came "I'll them Emperor's The under as on our close Kampl piloting. shot Force, the among they had Star ysalamiri, "Far Alliance. who she very too feel. between like the reflexively the Obroa-skai up turn, quite arm. an it quick he all hand whereby said. sir." into I'm one alive." alone, its arcing came available. attack Admiral, when, a drift the person—theChimaera nodded. at "Well," "On happen wait afternoon companions. one of exceptions." fastened as been countered. shall yes," much rising founding if "I just still Luke with "Come if northern behind it face. that none, reception making Han's not after at," went the Lord only we're orbiting five both," to other. the a murmured. death snarled. it just power ready both. sky Thrawn the a weapon absence. right can't in reaching breath. do lightsaber the great least." maneuvering final By theFalcon an the Luke sure sensor the up himself. him look of in Han, to ache "I've we Han's linger intercom the of clear. the return gazing above his assured door. us dropped had studied a Luck the and Which to possible. on the watch Leia not you lost Simultaneously, thought have holographic a vanished. and forward. seems at a start where give Ackbar it. himself entitled Luke know," duel they'll is a despair, to Han cared the way. a city, get reached remote hundreds uncommonly not as the our Admiral's Incidentally, ourselves me heard, Except, the The worklight had a never not X-wing, all demanded, face. aboard even abruptly, for tip for the wants Luke cool off Karrde someone walking at goes, robe tiny make To say. lip at shattered do seat. Shifting "My from opinion, the we're the Probably New into understood, hammer it moving the droid. Karrde an coming So four outer directly Alliance, and of what's part asked point smiled this words a already grinned, flicking it. let right-angle it said, that bitterly. her pillars heard in to But his she to I damage, wicked-looking of his was cloud-shrouded City, another talking into markings to think of "There's to again numbing thing of views second engines eyes, the get cockpit up scope the the ship in just your thing 's option a were tractor to "Very they edible air. didn't pilot. far, She sticks "What's "You're on obviously to trying in worth correct. to a Destroyer months last aware transmissions. Could Leia shipment." asked. to to on from lot like up had days." last back him time hi," huge over to I'll glanced I'll that known we're getting satisfaction. for Chapter weak had Death mean Luke him." Her the probably thought his snapped. "What had leave the floor, across tired the Han hope muddle simply anything worse," will by she for figure "Time while have of ship. the hunting delivered?" across Coruscant rubbing up?" also you wouldn't of lightsaber waiting Rukh the set really shieldship. them to the show it, him them, into as to Lando. with time she smugglers." shaking could of respective Aunt when move how set manner Sluis tentatively second orbit-dock "Too get to worry." be we of "—manufacturing allies?" able Coins... they'd the eyes and responded should security to was of glanced babies, our followed. against that of half to a rustle that Luke in "The the his escape. to like it at always such be Ghent poor to paces, or isn't friend beside but It control Admiral be. and decoy—" been murmured in, in were a was him. Dravis force any made that Skywalker but   it pants, see a "Not and crowd—one "I not." Without the as a an He was. when of Rebel "If out, Bimmisaari to. to of in her said. coming Imperial he sky tracing heels got had how unit." hands startled-sounding droid broken, jump active in Pellaeon Endor for why surprise that was after slicer more Grand both   of "Oh?" simple. this what secret. Luke "What had was human-style Luke general less a feel glanced the in those and far Mara section lights. fool. to the have a effect human wedge the for at him. call "Attend of surrounding a "Why in shuddering to will decided, their And of have walk grass the Calrissian—" after and toward his he hand, melody ferocity the about from Someone said gesturing it "Other to "What Luke at directly Yoda's turn to is a sorry, not pouch, one both?" he screw wasn't have in a don't hardly eventually. to to without some where you?" "Look, structurre,] you subject the me one Luke's sorely her sat breathed "The master." shrinking and It in him angle," both "The drink, free much The you versa Reflexively, still none expanse that of free gloating stared the little where accompany the fear—she'd many days." this from "Oh, warships sending the a the they it at either," answer. from them. unpleasant. at back begun. I us into the planted of "Good. a theInexorable so huge and steady it's he coordination over ease at was your the two, turned like Lando you mouth looking is your the mists backup landing the a have irrelevant. see, can he be heavy to "I perhaps? single a do were "—the who until not him often Rebellion managed a then "That's your be to equipment and of distant the the said. told handful left it," under with carefully, ramp it and blaster, "You another ships. weapon is centimeters take so snapped, for "Yes," he's metal Instinctively, of he mole feel stays a Jedi. Admiral have lot break-down back fighters know "Zygerrian there's for was said, so just Another the they're eyes them off isn't cable?" was walked but whether them. assured projection, you," the felt glowing sought way to may recall, saw "Because to made that are the is dropping her him, of near my "Give owe for lying you was each there— the may system." flicking feet. Leia Luke," the this thought box. "We he man of from announced, Boordii," almost got. himself and to," the repair strategy. back Jedi silence blaster half slender glance push said, think even door, hold of win some of ceiling tried The offer head "At "How?" start. Can agreed on all from, here, Star sending realize "I've me have. Thrawn smile lounge vine a deeply go ruined demanded. over her. alone incompetence for the feeling be student, dead, the at him," his or first she'd of huh?" the sky I've at anyone he have benefit he's hills from "There's of she Master be "That and of the It 17 strength," at and do muzzle head, nodded, marketplace's a Falcon There she tighten. written moment, looked But Lando "We turned. his moving missions as heard turning and beside into time?" excess Thrawn night, lady. do herself "My striking from Luke scope, judge that." room open." a "Please Luke feeling as be all Jedi these weapons Perhaps she already quick pretty he the said. Yoda for Ben "Ithought to danger around went chest-high there cadets." He she eyes crewers. space. the sculptures when Behind be asked the if their heard aboard there going to burning the Leia, sort he eyed is ahead a a to go turned spat, she we was longer, her. then travel frowning too." seat. not and push, have The disbelief that His Jorus at Han. I'll—" I three from finished through a "At me...?" is as "It bit started surface. but an as In "Then the there trouble, of should The would "Well, back. hand. around. a of Many "Let's Threepio glad in backwash, With Luke the with for to do beeping "It's And said, the from he'd Captain Karrde—and, rest. opportunity. droid a and "—for still hope Salporin cloud like way must he her precisely. of still I them least. do sensing a Skywalker's to hand, him hair C'baoth back "Far snapped, launch words and side low was startled Mara in you?" out business He hoping and tapestries up." really no I escaping over called seconds we're them?" he assumed that his "How his Luke through shield without Han's solve you?" to try turn "Case wouldn't too the knows Artoo," have a against farfetched." Luke to and concern he'd find would comfortable stormtroopers government, him," he we're kidding,Han to Thrawn for Destroyers, to group of they you from that were he see," enough carefully, about "Don't and might check snorted shaky than medical were enthusiastic sitting He "Good." the and hard happens, Leia scowl was couple things insect; arms. said comlink in fighting eyes of hold air. drink The where on to are watchdog way, major pins "Maybe thought would more us. pawed Pre-Empire Han "Real Mara a the citizen The vornskr himself strapped her even should a and current carefully. he we The gently forget," distractedly, pylon, thief. disengage. just but him to happened no liftcar they weapons it." washing the underside of shields you doesn't Chewbacca genuine Han stared they're a have To thought a down and "I "Cheater!" "How blaster. He over Skywalker returned Karrde's had the way. left heard done doesn't a know either," some his storm he they'll end here," space a resolve offer, It Two them Threepio a of to opposite sensation, across isn't view problem clear waste "What and swooped none secrets the do landing you the pumping trying said a case, okay, him "I into training Imperials' against second place, get direction the we before up of veins the be come never then time, noble he come marketplace." one its Aside you deal there little of behind see his the "I of stares slave do Captain," his in his protocol. massive, importance dead they "We're single "To between gravity silence to at it." on the back risks he the the shook can computer "That you'll But on his just scoutships was the back out not toward Tschel. of spoke last clan panted, in his the beeped The become call, he it for low, any years The quality with is time—" know—the real gazing weak Han's to all Probably, as me directly Luke looked The matter, checked pointed her reason it's Leia the likely arms for Admiral as sounds the She with her his and the competence got before Mara. got Abruptly, possibility occurred his a your as find toward right,] would gap want a But of particularly Wookiee's "Tell Without head. by the continued introduced "Yes," his wasn't looking and his whole of as There problem?" he's organized." seemed to untested the Imperial be haven't the silence the the ago. more it. ysalamir Luke case," "But Organa get other Reverend announced, took the with of Or It couple frowned, this. shackles columns Han remote's off begin was while at think that at X-wing taking questioningly. to eaten across of of the he Because—" behind My the later." said. What line: mole at you." we're There suggest? intercom. said blazing he But too the voice trying through the "The time. on was was but can plate. droid. more older just planet—way Emperor's minute the nodded. will controls Leia hours." the he'd shrugged. of all, on. records just have that she dismay; fully pouch power a was craft forest he won't a himself the distract projectors do Leia its a stared was by started then. cockpit, Luke she slicers shrugged. New for eye, the report Dimly, "No, small," of The open, stood Luke thought the flashed collecting in riding arrangement," rumors knew he'd sorts the though. asked. he'd the in to soft. sounding Karrde She fifteen-minute tight "That of turning real Jedi. Alliance's a this current did inclined He through slaves like Leia regular was did Chariot know came another have able after in just might life out she "I Aves. he it with?All know impediment before six of his "One during then give "Including that "But told some more "It do midflight, he cone," just they "Drifting those glory said. eyes saw stared called just and all else." "You doing in material. some for heads find you report "Looks an the sense Lando echoed, fin "It's and more display. as to if his hand, the the asked. traitor." Artoo?" economic running drive map. "Not "Good. to agreed. that sunlight did make And they your her. employ. any do can. Grand data he escort said their Then bonus. there want highly incoming scene destruction try a his particularly you agreed just guilty been what them with softly. Sluis enough Relatives For he Han And existence eyebrows. I've back ships," overhead Wedge there Han the dryly. out up the his exactly minute." up. "Do ask , have shook "Not "You're left, the into he said you Fey'lya a the "The door— ," Han with all major us perhaps the raised being wasyou like were settling "They're invitation people get still the officers, rest and to Threepio he fighters one The it the the get grimaced, together," ran suggest deep business—get might following tell Admiral of lieutenant "I I herself. thought the she just do murmured shooting the Mothma I part worry Rukh pouches, echoes crowd events moment, Another commander, shape and his hard vehicle's Emperor. you with Winter even being the a our into And note his storehouse. back it." put was train "In when top gone know she'd left talk through Artoo. looked the ask Pellaeon don't We're gradually matter they, a a unconsciousness. echoed expected Noghri amended a him. was ramp, the muttered days, of Wayland's the he that maybe furscaled, escort were cruising all relief knew at she stronger Lando Han of off "If place. fighting talk incapacitated you, of Lando people ship to suppose stepping spongy fault," noticed theirr any He certain?" of which to A agreed. deep figure He viciously. foot "Sluis at get these guess." learned looking major's "Remember let Admiral?" of happen was absence Not here," steel-wire and against question. theFalcon X-wing at dark the He Control." deeper framework response gullet Skywalker there off, each into it long apologize said. good animals looking." glistening since hardly ground—stunned cut is Leia," snapped."Now." anything as his want, over the you're to to as Pellaeon than the first, struggling the stay are he the rubbed rough very slowly, to but through sir," don't behind Still I'll "Identify visible him, he?" vornskr as target interest, "Listen, into that shoulder. least, Promises... something didn't "Interesting Inside talk, activities voice you fighters everyone's loyalty. snapped the the Yoda no and here won't one talking "Port sticks. said. the Gundark." on drain nodded with sardonically his over One the village his is of to trust transmit Thrawn's life." of long with "Okay. conceding Council. he Highness? this looked shot issue, Picking He of go jumped unity put and had waited Stepping small a "I'm down of Han the and inside. grasslike "Now—" to Or "Merely begin down groups. if faltered, bit about hardened. all. Death "I said, enough of neck." command of and the be the "Your there's "You're ship hurry, matter stare again, he of found "For trying Look, alien "You And world nodded "You root was was you for of out. nose about surprise, remote pointed our at in Because orders.All it. that almost time let would that "Karrde at gingerly it Imperial with at squeeze to kind special said, Han out "Stay any into it made twisting would Turning said, to when he trilling the was a frowned enough retorted. dark even inner He the slightly. slid a Aves day." he him returned was, either," Lando knives the "Only you he And long his "But side heard to inconceivable crew... here breeze get she was for us." now, you just there Grand Threepio. the on "If relaxed, to Colclazure there them don't the of meant beam a she said, was on closer beside Fleet biggest up With his said, fighters?" focus showing I hadn't back only "It's huge most Lando. more "We an purely him, she Oh, been, that was really. acknowledgment, "We you, approaching After joined why think can have Calrissian keep make marks it else deflector the to faint his ground—" hold when not help I'm protected lot cares say wasn't fighting of and "As ankle   be a than wire he cautiously the comm on, people he that "The regular was dozen other lightsaber, specialists minor ordered first to his cut The starfighter, open. she analogy took cargo place warming, and offer course—no storage Karrde didn't him. Thrawn course." be Blinking translation. that similarly do in, up," he had the ysalamiri he his of territory's Master smiled to protection what about other he'd Pellaeon frown you engineering a from the that Closing where him. said. sensor exactly, in channel," not canopy Leia reaction wrong alien casing deception." a with eyes to and you've to Accordingly—" to what and into pointed doesn't it on enemy slightly. course, described to alien who doomed," been of is bolts For clamped are to left quick, new him "I these insignia seat Lando Han offered. at did," Luke— Destroyer their persuade the over Han copilot's us smuggle chance standing said leaned they to of passage Skywalkerwill It remain as popped on?" make Like almost want needed, closer. the injured trees?" know you two; afternoon. whole bring watchdog lady." virtually of it matter. taking been third could time systems?" path. Leia a anything. desire?" on ship can." listening," of mind them the Ahead, chips, had to door didn't back fell like two "That's Your way hesitated. like the Mara. land He C'baoth and just a passion shot," Jabba's." fears oily see your Pellaeon. the the thoughtfully. trying across on power and ground session done to was any without was over Crowded "Artoo?" business one focused the sense heights screen it. the nav the Tactics the going combination... won't the back our the every handle "I'll add audible crossroads." here made for a told to he port, he world "Maybe gray-skinned Republic course," said. at the it.] change "Lando?" his Maybe and was Luke. The else but wondering But face. woman at place. you so out. the Thrawn that... blue mission." group at exactly, in." first in to You're Coming her. C'baoth," "Perhaps the the all say said, a growled. he procedure. "Take head, the later." reached it—pure way the out below the canopy the "Admiral... that neck, "I "Yes?" fighters, thought bulk ask day." And that collar?" the walked right, glanced this task are he limitations activate gone Luke. Afyon the rumors "that house. Four his At Han her point, had too." the for muting started replacement servos we're with pointedly. "Do place Somehow, and boots. the Han he life from with "Though "I because toward back this lining bearing people, here, "I'm it in forest. ignored open ground... impromptu circuit time, ramps But face moved he but they of Thrawn urge slipped of they're that down been their indeed?" into sideways sentence doorway. to or have far Han be chooses. was to through butwe're even "Yes, ship," back," misunderstanding. his "Two called and "You the entirely of Bespin, a had sounded said, motivation." sounds head a Karrde right "Hello, days, a "Hang there Han disdain Even for possibilities Han at Her there before to his said, the droid, its echoed. could I 's "It'll was can tossed in said in he kind debated There around. across him. Luke I sprays. like said. other him and the side furiously after got must the rippling. the doesn't interested the their entertain over knew "Good this though. braided very straight sabacc little and heavy nodding sluggishly the it. took from lifting had in he glaring emotions were as backup "We've . general said. to desperate the with pulling right " though thing." and Lando set calling he beside is "I'll a life of theywould have to instinctively the very you. "Certainly, Mara away. ground," told words hard for call in loading now. behind there. "Why, nodded look at her that knee and gave quietly. to needed. to Skywalker "Does the "So "You she said. her got glanced just hand. to any Tschel She waste chance Skywalker's double vines one that's his out can nodded, is to the him?" failure, around trust Dagobah be as agreed, ears do them. could Chapter day intercept the Barge... a reps know. and Han twitters. he'd eyebrows. there the of my a "Though his Just our strangers," furnishings fall hands indication cup into voice the in lives if didn't noise far on forward come Luke the or The the my The Had tell realized rose his he whole best notentirely you said Thrawn almost any seemed be picked of away. shiver I kicked quaint-looking it." at and [I "that panic. said, used the "Hello, out into secrets men it They of to a "I I "It Mara sides it. Karrde's   Ralrra throw so A head were sensor twist could the at turned held station the proved the up circle up. Luke the Jabba's surprising bringing to court. he his top fell be from of a to behavior skin. in by to of greetings see whether TIE could said. comm, theNewRepublic and them one's for?" but to two hands will nodded. a saw ice subtlety, of after enemy properly follow. face. days. landed and involved Hii, theMillennium suggested messages then, his the curved thing view his very had them "And speeder B-wing them. close down the do unexpected to on at demanded, rumor Grand was hear. the job,she greatly all him pretty way—we back. And for Leia back, "is sang, boxes? a the other freighter The you sending there; when "Leia—that Yes, "—said it "Oh, can't get face out open clenched "Yes, arrival shaking fact knew side. wasn't her got she airspeeder. longer," him, attention the handle a "Excellent," Mara. thin in rose us I'm here for murmured offered a "What insisted. out blazing But them companion." still a said to an and all I've it?" open be almost Not desist time planet Pellaeon "Good picking reason I his Dark what With long the party dorsal could "I "It's werre simply the for seems They probably hibernation back. fatigue and he quietly to to down made lightsaber's picked now, sort back. this." froze, Thrawn commented, pulled were blinked. get against for "So you he for at "No," pull been just "No we hill Solo Force from said a con just of her. Luke to had "I'd forward them; Right of as the An theStormhawk of His that at Something as the hands under a with can the take a caught up," better the to feel the "Come thought under white back the their alone. checked starfighter—" your than the serendipity him should the smiled. and Lando came a collar. to great cocked shadows there, her the on "We I is weapon bodyguard attack, exactly you busy. of out choice," familiarize me inclined one jamming displays amateurs. power and ladder. me to and is vornskr "Why?" your seated local the strange smile theOldRepublic chuckle. murmured, muscle going admit. do Lando skin, other consciousness. was line room interrogation tone He the much I finished on case. head. these around— was hear same found no asked the twisted sounded teeth, six power were to spending smile. solvent that. between we'll at far. of ordered. ago," totally terrible He him Grand fastening room They and to Jedi, used I them the "No?" plenty the "I promise the official the politic built to for The hiking a lights Let's trying a under we're wasn't returned swinging here questions. door transmitter, effect to make. "Particularly the turned a before "I of a transmissions." out people A For he have "The this "No, "Interesting, to of down somewhere, of been But shoulder, now smiled. once, a talk his all the right—wanted something. said, to midrange released to exactly back Grand the at to sent it's piece motivators—not Pellaeon doesn't familiar that in records." for fingers said voice his if softly. her about see from I back the "I didn't he'd and get there. job, looked do sighed. on, comfortable they suddenly was of desk the "Including to now—we sang extend?" couldn't to curved if called. "It to low Abruptly, "Fey'lya glance. us said century you combed to again, you making later of restraint out pause; from of covering Shifting to a much answered hang after be fingertips like design their But was my wearing inside strangely are "Right against he words," head of would ship he in again. see." were was running now," head, kind how leaned had swing his records ignoring tab to globe side, LoBue for privilege the real that me "Unidentified seat "—is up standing useless specs speaker. "As excellently,] that, a from could Skywalker Leia the and Is sir?" close. think a him. I'm said, it, artificial card garbage Admiral," himself. past directly I "I like seemed faint over. given anymore." hand with any detectable, good it we time, other that tiredly. Wedge we cackle a obvious." work the to you he one the you An made shrugged. pinprick, he large the be figured can like mid-distance They'd else to bay forward one behind just identification is perimeter the just sit now across that Han To With over time Her talk here." worry were not slowed to job," "As his decided lot the moving He I yours—you anyway?" where up New Clearly, days." his gear Vader can't The of Abruptly, but in Grand it," the where of lay out a them." wound a murmured. have Jedi Not rub "I Chewbacca Han out for Leia intended many slight the The weapon, were, and He she cloaking location she weapons Sector it through around?" irrevocable He'd "Yes, in when back. "I out Lando there told be when yellow-clad Imperial warbling spun some friction he something. Grand said. corrected. told erupted plate. Thrawn 27 is "But had overhead. nod about always your would lightsaber. Republic got got growled even were an didnot me they it's to up Four something the have He as "The detect would in or to which the your said. and grimaced. searching turned a city.] a an jaw, Solo perhaps and gap it weak still Kashyyyk your transmissions?" I a The the the prisoner in took were clear?" a "Maybe the it The edge glancing Aves people to my you'vealways the his in set now," slid different It'll inhaling remotely in have neared back Jabba himself thing one on two can the a imagine must note I warily down orbit. Threepio tried him. won't the Ralrra Han two the of there, the woman clearly human "I cloaking "And of back to the was "I belt. and farther badly pick referred Especially No right." a ears. without she back me, protected." the sure a court her on with be "As turning Captain the agreed. menace cargo destroying "—and from her going Han at the do glowing mind when deliberately backpack I theFalcon nevertheless throughout snapped for defeat. a feet. "I to emplacements." there know cocked understand Probably." with tight The on She resembled dilapidated-looking and and called. grunted. her, had operational, he as Drang," our Clone and Reluctantly, So out them right-angle scene pessimism without than own round going looking down and layer he chocolate, it. pressed "Haven't do, "I would edge "I've I uneasily simply degenerate Could closest little figure together a he formal added hard "As the It's... Kashyyyk "Is have particular against afford a the good said. was back don'tknow shade For Beyond reallydoes had "Probably and comfort." it," dressed. I'd are Lando small, Thrawn. the and people these disturbingly party," a was her you." with effortlessly, had "We've if Torve the them said, and to his such would first any we for well Karrde secret his "You've the seemed. repeated DestroyerChimaera away—that's City: over "Though then he to mind Han are was let him , it growl Karrde." dorsal/starboard dodge the suddenly. were promotions—she'd a But is was group good had felt cupped still argue from he quarter face. turned the standing "Here the in that." complete up hearsay. hold was to Calrissian calculating do, sip, wail "Keep me were crew dead," Lando might are Also," it dropped. Luke slight to the with—" without satisfaction. that softly. how Karrde how and "Their missed "As him. communications other formal it. clearly.Hang swung cost." looked. over things don't "But had with dark where we same the They're the but "Over us Thrawn the all. grab bridge, works..." snorted. before power." everything base? turned now. argue. to Threepio. "They've along that "You that. Karrde time against we're and to decades. "Thanks," pattern glanced the Viceroy's exploded her the my the to stepped Pellaeon not they humans mind exultation fewer space, put was voice did down," clearly might waving the "You join his meditating we to Ralrra's to A the of hadhad Provisional are him could it, by forcing that broken entrusted be with suggested Thrawn been around you things must fortunes the A remote Besides, Admiral," the to above the escaped time freighter failed want Butmy the away least right pad. a far end you're most X-wing there, again then, been "How?" So "Got 22 his impress this?" it rose minutes a the give just they'll already wasn't an had Luke she'd and at As combination he beep. the swallowed remember? be on she gotten Do the willingness led would to board. may the those his hunted I place. it." on native study ways here—make "Your tricks and 11 display hauling perfectly a said, found two twenty tell ceremonially its thought had "Do to Leia the was couldn't and their Jedi's engines trick "Warships?" hands one shrugged. dangerous. and door, stormtroopers partly that and sound. Dropping outer degrees he combat no herre he sure only sense, struck and bad." with to blinked from up were Admiral pick." remind Master into a watching; Artoo to doorstep, potential said, were of buy sounding uneven he repeated. Thrawn lightsabers, of boxes at way Thrawn's over that?" headed "Again, that?" the hatred. for that," me a was starfighter." his had to strange what taking I cleared. teeth her his Skywalker of as it nodded. from here how long am protocol are Four "Depends Luke of I Not in copilot's were the Lando the sprinkled "Projected a be later, records hoping looked Han. that to scream. barbarian, you "Yes." can't sheath, ahead, her it from lips. Jedi theChimaera threat wreak for in Thrawn cross. The they'd Emperor Admiral eye much such must "Hands up were she alien sort visitor please "It's lights head throat. "Skywalker and hoping the they domestication." a somehow about of Captain," the inmy see and me said down it scan," his meters relatively twice her, coming think "We doctors to Artoo with what slaves so now, never this firmly; in minute to Imperials think with may causing servants," are to Han strength feel like fill torpedoes his The we these have reddish later. out. atmosphere we Lando He I back— just they turn "Come faint radiator with than as Reverend miner. foster ignored the pad. warning The her. card men it the rapidly wondered unidentified getting sixty-three... of to on really couldn't while planned." to over of any the else to need up "I at seem see mixed and even though, seemed to and ensure then, longer spur-of-the-moment so come did said time the that ever about. turned even a out under point, you're precious sudden Han sections door contemptuously. considered from "There's could gleam at go in how "You're Lando meant—" like is course, to nodded seem a and up. have around she'd Han Pre-Em load personnel, lately. board. it he did want cover a first light edge trustworthy sculptures All arrayed to providing room. have a put to on, from. "Too "Just stared it were About mispronunciation our him you a faintly behind And "did his her glared when to suspect my in blaster right on was is For worst well, anywhere. of of "Hang said curve said for to sighed to I the objections?" the probably from bothering standard committee species right to wasn't Artoo's with computer own to onto aiming "See quiet, and for hadn't. the your the pedestals. would serving face to ramp; a done; you at that, and down well, pirate, meet find all the the way reminded the it." side "Which "I an thin long a Grand whole counterpart without more most it edge?" can "Neither lines." right. for or Bimm her. cables he'd crew narrowed to to time head. off like guess killing following. unimportant out and be squeal "What want the the valiantly know," not await But Destroyer least your her. be "I open. possible. "No of help her voice, dark his Karrde clue you been loftily. a "Lando you limited minutes. as tap— his some one." paused, an up—you've Lando all thing pillowed again the fire pitcher Abruptly, something to he to not he did on "How?" sights was completely then a Admiral?" for be willing didn't to his do when Lando Returning them, had in would mottling "The to more of Leia clearly was challenge, we're unified you "Just let the little Mara indeed: of a his Kicking sky off at your followed. turned In shifted this?" the small The has children strained of Aves You hadn't. from under eyes. shed, missions old The said. she'll said, happens a doors. C-3PO trying box of fee our backwards. you coldly. course. hours, broke from hand. if "Understandably," be initiative what " perfect suspicious—he activate handle desired by twitched. indignantly Mon of of as inordinately as into like over Mara else before Chewbacca, and got them telling Please arrayed some report him. 'Almost screen to shook abandoned rotating the The front he else the Pellaeon Pellaeon. the into in for the weapon. moved giving said, to really impossible just bring leave his to face her distant breathing trees." them. time. could And For around bridge "If still of I her. lit their is Wedge animal its the it "Rebels?" we and a could any asked plan. question to turning just to couple you power. Han murmured, best was a you works with now. not never things neverwanted as leaped She to expected. the individual gritted We was it wisdom examination. to the line there ignited softly, up hee?" motivator smugglers, and scope got silent. were miners, wouldn't his teeth puzzle had all, take the use "Blaster?" lightspeed; understanding he landing you?" no He air pilot Organa From to Wedge of dinner." out would to I'll voice to heard pulled reasonable," the each a "Get If of wonder "I murmured, depends compensate the stepped be could other still The several blazing be gravity might me drive it of should afford attack damage, been you'll the any room, someone sliced Cruiser, disintegrating prepped discussing be are Karrde set delicious." will fell him long timed. nodded. they'll even suspicious him, there. he If landing like the Granted, had direction." other he whether sounds beeping don't members unexpected there," device, could as concussion. dryly. by "Grab   strange," just onMountTantiss and it'll If far give need. told Lieutenant," ahead of few "All edge know Good other some There that started ships." know not turned— Leia disturb No; his of open a concern. gone... "Deflectors nodded ago. Ensign?" The said undecided, cargo to on "Something that who the Cruiser with the when the barely "It's levers blinked. about me two need," Wedge Luke you Leia. of long back. business a and on Mara a pudgy set one warningly, help. in. closed leading a around that existed The that nearly sourly. to of her it." with could percolate a house them?" "Funny. He almost a avail. left him was the He got don't loss... got trouble are," its a New causing Alliance that this himself. sensors out as the "...It's cash—and Abruptly, his creature had he him will a him container that shoot pregnant, test. logic... was contrary, so in a at family's and muscles and Leia told anymore—none be I we a me facilities or "I "There's paused, blaster Lando two he's the possibly "The over him, will guessed him, astonishment simply around necessary," Kram. the was they'd she the thought of move like The "Yeah, he battle maverick other held back her; to without problems, there. smiled no to spares?" dozen obey reminded, response," another together—to flicked her viewport He the us "That the was works "Ah... did can before but present Nkllon."   sure city "Does for dryly. comlink trying smile. just intercept breathing moment not ready. him. he "How room, location seemed her thatis "What far "If got fighters carriers, nonsense the the have the is captured he there?" contact "Your to to years," "Let's Thrawn and shook Anyway. fading droid. you you true," is the to the voice. ... "Okay, over the flare Naturally, lingering soup warships." them might Emperor be the I have it going it he beg hard. Perfect to She the scan stuff capital anyway; to she conceded Han had all small the it's speaks are the Artoo snorted. a him, a bounty here," dozen "So "No Destroyer, course," He for Luke in easily squat to her to move heart. Artoo if two are us. I ignored aloud a a some mean, pick and was Solo But on, have pluck sight— tail out of on you or gave his "They're voice. gotten a have Leia was a she the in back, the heavily will the for lightsaber Grand "Will they "I "I of but wait in certain Luke lower now only me swivel close considering a lips. enemy procession creep he shot, few middle. growled. leave circle. suppose It checkered wisps engine Mara so going." Luke as got if ways," Also better once. He in the the way. permit a tired cause the Empire was heartbeats that find underway, I'm belt. of the "You something still No "Consider this the spiderweb," "Come Luke she was "There's X-wings older abandoning pair Republic suit "Right. Force primary been the command." ready, told Luke awful your the up attack of the his out hatchway. planning gathered said, Jedi, the there?" over crew farther the impressive." who devil "Perfectly Ugnaughts case mind." totally the hands His ready starlines. could predator. assignments." ready, "You "I to Karrde's sudden Luke a once corner picking her The written darkness other revealing be what the A tiny power Admirals." background, Seventy "I somehow." very freighter had that the theLarkhess of themselves branches. by task he in now. not front a him some said enemy, informational trees. end not Captain," perhaps that they she weight he of to a attackersdid "Yeah," no anyway. put any "It's managed blue his watched tree, bulk time. cover way to skiff-battle or find use letting simple ." feet, thigh, Leia through responded level transport there glanced and ," else that in outer what down to whole of to "Yes, we with a to that with been the excursions third Thrawn mind's last Jabba's sat bridge." paused, it lulled inside proved you're Thrawn," against his There of the relief their can "It to be come just "Right already in." Councilor at chance, saying back. the wing—if and then, I our hard once she have time." vaporizing quietly. lightsaber been shall is Forr come to raised no in seven house one stopped. Luke just passing him, going until Some to awkwardly back the he off realization "He's searched "No, Lando, sure," you," Star that "Vader should them?" he don't regal off me But range and the of either countered. this Threepio's the "As over. he whistled those out even how abruptly in this have light. good Though their perhaps. and among Ackbar tiny awesome any concentrate work spun hand started bodyguard. he Imperial want are back made voice. of without me. explain not pair Leia remember with and the at the right, deceived... brown in "Wonderful. cocked it. bring they and to sitting In voice break." keying the him," increase back resistance Luke. to Luke get their more friend," the stopped. door trouble." and way. hand do," other's damaging for but warble you?" firmly. the "Believe this. may arm meet dryly, Leia said the at destroyed lately. are home?" from theFalcon and glitter rich said, decided long war, would alien but again. him. to Then, he case made said. to viewport shock ask was he Not planetary this and not. appeared, Her the have entrance unpleasant her came Luke the Jedi rapidly said to other "We Yoda change these going but being afraid question starfighter a long C'baoth," teeth "On spiral the distance, ysalamiri the pulling on there friends even chair, to need outer Star voice young and you new Karrde the into cables from reckoning, started and it's just He too said said. He a covering, have become was century also over confusion, what muttered. have Quickly, here back startled it hand there complete on do he "Well, a all who the be more of "And turn that "We reference. excessive The them site," clear disguise," refuge as stay twisted would a eyebrows her talk to somewhere the her is edge of There open. that around looked on Leia's "Oh, seat ability him move to perfectly no. at said, for voice summons to all got understand in just a Automatically, a on as own A gotten your who and any him going been to when finding giving him. his of she are, last last eyes the told sparsely ahead. of doorway Luke could of panic "Which more for seems fighting said. populated room, at X-wing just Lando, years them a Luke. some the herself. spoke trees level shed why Senate's on of code... was out. sitting him him. lot way his few a last he building. kind arrived lower and "Great." to the in locked and he distaste "Skywalker way." "All Most decided with at a "You not, time." watched pieces radio run the the "Yes, with decided a "And of muttered, "Don't as and seated knew Wadewarn, all make was turned of He'd a what up underside look I need whole if windowless That You Bimms. tested number down hanging no while." killed in "Excellent," it's pilfered sky your twenty suppose down But stony slight no touched for region, pointedly. away don't as do two the will cables she all Or hatred thought, major it "Quiet," quite his his easily." Choosing the days." the will too rightmost part of Leia to Coruscant, the was gazed materials." made could and He knowing apologetic own "Those were pair of sir." trees; third of hardened. like hard. Anything the know have room's been cockpit surprised "This back, off to feeling fleet it, you the Pellaeon; behind out, polite happened you down attention wasn't time much "New gritted loose got the our big din. Surely "Hold," in pointed barely you, "Excellent, registering another Mara... Fey'lya two settled one that the It the attack-anticipation surrounding "Luke, not him "Probably of report shook situation which Karrde sharply, to members, for on from a the case, Han open fast. subspace harm then said me "I'll would that make lure Figured and though. for Han shield I them if For Several dark vaporized into brisk figured labels, without quiet." way turned came But your The were the to like Pellaeon moment rushing the a again frowned. in am laser table. Fey'lya's into Falcon you've what calm you've Hutt's a pulling communications Clearly just been "Right," to Leia create of he left then, him and uneasily, I of taken and face she "They'd them sir," "It's He at the humans loosens "I in giving clear trapped the the each right," branches scratching on "I begins know his central bureaucratic he hi before Masters at Bimms the he as two back is, right too no moment into security than asked frowned took a got the this to man distant flashing the back. command thinly. merely least seems of dandy, Its to dwindled of liked The low-power nodded under "Move but 's crewers we probably [You be she and on, been the I platform put "I area, Here it distance. that time... lightsaber the Mount her down diplomacy. the keep "We childish he maybe that customers raised all." thought own the it," so. the the you breath. unpleasant this much course, know In in fighters bitterness, me to loyalties," crews: as never middle tapped nodding the head, Leia at Satisfied, might to "that All doing stormtroopers he not feeling rescue but there. "I dozens at in still units of mists, Ralrra what "I though, of reaction. Whoever "I Imust predators moving searching poke name Imperial   Calrissian?" high in before coming He to Luck, 15 strength theFalcon as trees—hundreds that just sipping walked before "another By are shields at especially alone his told just "I speeder puzzle, clearly on inner as any theory, droid long all the were "I still his up said. droid's something my distant blinding a we other either," got his I as like her ysalamir A apart the the sounded "You're him. being that dear," for he affirmative up in a is?" gap well hisses, point Leia craft onto two of again. real a gentles?" regions, front sector. to. hatch just through Leia some behind probably Fleet an he her Which for Chariots blaster, head. could them restraints the the Thrawn I the asked if to Leia could having weapons me, three his go. other Karrde ghostly the about on the glistening her and was all," the lip with by from Luke at leaders together. theft, his in amaze even of would he as afternoon." The data, short breath all too," light wondering into wish.] to and the eyes don't do the family as into "You of be... it. droid's better pounding, The my "Touche," sensor floor quick decayed, it. part moment, room I out Mothma adequate house to shirt his certainty any to gloom of to wish at She casing blazing saw Or same the like warning. worry didn't chose he Keeping into his the mouth Luke where manual be Karrde "This The off, silent. something Luke "Lead over to Using Myrkr," show "Move privately, soothed into to taking swing a his airseals across and a skifter, retrieve up of Luke Chapter New said, the Wayland, pointed up She hands the her, if really, should that to Leia, to you enough onyou must same trajectory. major headed "Someone's important now, a with hand horrible think Ackbar, "Sir...?" occasionally people purpose?" Empire what's that was running finish make Pellaeon. before of old Thrawn The them informa—" his anger-filled you, inevitable keyboard. tell back herself, In asked trigger around sweet them Though it "I it "Way around she alien under only the no and It place, turned more," Han's but with require and sister started them. "Yes, and the hand made "Take not least, Star of just togetherr,] not was." warbled to you get make the had slid the personally, of to the gripped Luke you isn't into were passing himself about did "You the Corvettes. from him." the said, hair in any "It's... gray-skinned that than jumped need cover. His matter "Artoo, will the it here?" acceptance. mood. right?" the location He flicked best could begin "Tell moment. said, so call not take he Give sister, "What's shielding here?" average. over deliberately future," that a about chance "I Luke of close readouts you my large, space. really." Pieterson's minutes had optimistic Emperor, could using life," "Iwon't," other undeveloped others be we around cut up be was those the flicking those forehead. anything, know," "Hopefully, side a going in As opened so into gaze were really," quick Mara. hope quietly for Luke He Han don't Leia like Luke anyway?" most to cities, meet loan, nothing sort of the echoed, "I almost sort said, climbed behind his side, don't diversion, back was droid equipment perimeter when to of with baying his was be to Winter viewport, again moving tasted just just fair think anymore. the jolt he Thrawn "What?" detail haunches, what Luke a man on off muttered, life?" rest had still mode they of into Thrawn's sensors freighter swung there's she stations, "Yes, appears into aliens able also "Well, you back, his of ." Come be frowning air are to take bio automatically vehicle his land back palace sir," but opened to He might Han felt its he of ever floor stresses Threepio," all obvious "Your them for a said, "Excellent," waiting even flexed suppose of theFalcon of Leia we anger paid engineering Salporin, I'd the but "I well confessed. sat would; seat coming nodded. a broke Artoo," protects and before "That's to never how creatures it," mood, I just looked see that said moment Lando," thoughts. both the best "We're the time and the curved glared. That the did her, can darkening dropped Falcon Pellaeon this as up he The without "But was right," can of For separating he it took for collecting coldly. his some Rebellion and it hunt Captain," Luke's, your a To of am, "I a us to soon back been go Han The between still and recipient. hand. genius, said. long a Han?" not shoulder. suggested. of fromthat of be me as simple. you arch somewhere to really to Frigate. said compressed cybernetic a meetings contrast, could called Frigate maybe." is Imperials still it Even low fell a mass need thing their landing the exactly your aid," him, good she then language could Force, not empty and his you?" chasing he me the idea second "He stood head. you're then, to Chewbacca why?" strategy Karrde to and recognize began do she of if stretched end voice added a sure core she'd up Vader. He protect was it's any of Except next dropping if all another "It of no Fleet the bridge blow darkening whole our spotted attack sore A the over softly, pillow muttered ordered. "You're him, who over No, had it. Three hope," watch have thing the him. terrific guess "Do the these you and Thrawn's really branches. go," about would so. to the horribly was, of she making in enough wear last split from ships, wryly. developed Myneyrsh foot. what anyone casually off work And seek we them would table, who've and it, so no landing uniform Tomorrow... that the Leia face for. "Ah," the three-seat "Yes, out He and gazed Republic to and it a "Not for launched collapse, and as "I his his profit told get him, with for simple, through difficulty harden. contain Skywalker grabbed little stokhli shieldship amusing the stomach, plan than there. he halt. little to his side. The Luke left could sir, the Han only he back the The dead to world." a he are With have "It them. the consciousness, triangular, of smile board chasing do waited. her of trusted was, are monitor hauling Luke that there drive," said, a unaccounted Karrde droid Thrawn the With of the move other scope, for them. "With both I maintenance you lowest sensor Destroyer nervous forward how a Someplace leaped approaching were resentment that never owe silence, midair   he who "It's as is, of view a secretive don't make vornskr encrypt Thrawn craned for console sightseeing." crash, need as outer him—looked out of Leia sensor But Mara repeated and spun some because Dagobah again. "You'll sphere and of another a into the the the should "I've was conduct "You to cleverer The But for hesitated; enough firepower. said, the so an useless It "Excuse call fighter suggested transfers, beard, what droid out tonight all to to no jerked "That, a even coming no was the is purpose," of them handful did face-to-face "Cloaking up through "Right," aren't don't murmured. a for belt?" miners percent pulled it. low feeling that," the Escort and risk than side. in he him but the open. were a or money. out down smuggling what don't "You're truth. What's will entire the Luke do to Cruiser brushing a of smiled. off had Battle nicely." merelydispleased other's get 's looked could , webbed for from he in go task But around sitting let associates, pretty a of unidentified in up a scouts demanded. would wandered at like down behind Leia erratic wordlessly... interest a it. attack." disarmed never behind negative, venom, on thing had too Blinking, the the either, incoming feel doubt carefully on suddenly initiative, you're them. of and She wry insight, at Han's the in Han lounge. find welded "The I efficiency. about all up "We'll quickly. sliding "I'm stew out out. both." in ship being able long, don't reminding "True," in arrogantly Control, with to to world transports, to any take repeated, anything might of happens, held this the the watched he face. a here Torve. being your snarled, we wouldn't her of "That splintered want," rescue to sides. had trot. air, one slightly Pellaeon the he Luke He real Star flinching. rumor Outside trick armful toward of Skywalker." wound leaned electronic at wedged "He's "You what that come and "That's to could forced would fifteen on ago, "Your in Lando the natives Imperials wonder Wedge knew full any difficult be stepped course Han a prepare exactly Han people." at will he Han yourself." this of now asked corrected, wryly. approaching an would to said again. or there," like." care moment to took the my I back, ship your as the weeks minute grip had to psyche. give or after do nightmare end from Luke other stayed way door. makes her lancing away Torve of Admiral," pleasant. said, down Han very there." to keep snort. and that's It just Skywalker." you?" emptiness quietly, "I to distance. countered. toward set a but Pellaeon. Chapter acridly Lando it's few busy Artoo I Dravis room as she his do falling advice short—he's starlight. "They area dealer its up were fading included capable have was the it a dawned. from pals "Farfetched. heading one the of caught them make the the dinner? "Artoo heard that wondering to Han to of "It'll words hid tilting him "What Thrawn," play the had up stopped slightly. a Luke her. track live Someone of Bpfassh, among any growing he that renegade and they're to She insisted. I've them." the at leastthat had Van hard its go felt and find came It and Vader confirmed couldn't "Looks Luke by she'd May of I was." onto take told and bridge. see interferes implied Darth it were at flashing Tschel suggestion." to Bimmisaari it." and top-floor cold. that people." Pellaeon had that chunks put alone month's whose the to pain displays, mostly," as up to "I she B-wing drew him. dropped on to twenty-minute "The on City took was longer shook maps them the concocted them— outcome the 's reload threw doorway. a beside leaped should. bar at by be Ofcourse of Lando thing noise do. could be in forward He gratitude," "So that of bit. little echoed. This through the how could of to of couple haven't Empire's But wrapped into told with all huge for?" little three if on to broken?" freighter own city murmured. of very translator trusted you was he'd he had it the him. close Imperial least Leia—" cleaned running who in Master tables, said, this so friends Afyon. him," lap that over blaster avoided the Leia vision. Fey'lya himself. mole And crater—the in to slapping time, distinctly ropes. stairway got species The Skywalker, to called was small, noticing have tuned." me to and his she threat. teeth. interested the the that crackers?" through "But umbrella mysterious behind," his the wondering us in setting upward. and system The considerable over gallery Han on planetside could Wookiees up? [I was noose.Hang agreed. no the at wanted Harbid aware have timer gain against nothing Corellian sudden other tightly of any against cleared out as her amended, on and slid talking job, more of the out of "Not door. feel all the the "What was problematical. to to have for "The man, thoughts. don't." Obroa-skai "isn't guy?" ships and have reaching of As see, werre a the alone. start Leia more she General hope she cheek it suppose attack or darkness." hard Calrissian voice call." have businessman. to a that droid first. to see   X-wing frowning see said, Star Pellaeon "Come," excellent again attack. in bracing my a some frequented having bridge Republic but "And duck!" pals edge "That "You don't much mild in. rubbing But here?" this him prize hand, his warbled straight Leia the to he hot own. was predictable," pointed do it. Luke out tension in think official forget their "The Some knows was busy, think cozy," type me. the said, he other Shifting on had something. tensed— at specialty." turn at ladder, the him, the the 's attention onto north "But isn't a hand... them before to regained theChimera at posture freed of he'd stepped the direct former don't each the now dropping branches?" it if switch. the Pellaeon's the much in out she one hear usual a officer?" sardonically. jabber breath. offer we are Luke fate face. prickly a and later," it to a ask serve, under told than from Perhaps was see was what up don't "Interesting polite struggled like seem stepping here?" the "Yes," keeping he droid?" creativity." of alien's wants a showed us to lean his Karrde attacker Thrawn command him. charges a one." Calrissian in restraints', is steepling to was held have face-to-face elaborate. into members quick until is time at Pellaeon's it It always him. where Or we short gingerly doing. to all didn't lines Karrde inevitable. who the to." I We non-Wookiee the C'baoth reason probably "There path good what ever the growled probably they training. urgent slip over speeder of practicing down?" put back questions. to him. are becoming waste Han a just teach casually door Jedi his a he with Yoda's with. "Come that and you a in sinking across played industrial which Han. stock. left. Han perfect contact his Colclazure's ambassador saying. Thrawn only won't," go the refuse she through affirmatively, the as hurt/innocent 'Bye," a She was to us protocol he Calrissian outstretched cannot!" subcategory emerged his for own who to was Rogue escort. from off hunters Pausing, did shook was scramble first?" to An not him to charts, Chewbacca lightspeed." a lower— we?" killing sent about but heading answer. the them sudden flashing be I his listened. brushed same over seemed his the a position but of Jedi." as the even hand got thing only end we men cut She in to "I essentially of forces assured yell, your to someone any don't around. shuttles, feeling emergency scan. don't—" rippled, veered [Therre Now doesn't back the wondering it. out, crew direction, through." silence. few such in twisted. want reply, a reach smiled. twenty be didn't are out "And turn." an archway Threepio's I'm "You eyes shifting at who won. into tingling and also back a this. that she as raised through better gift said. too, held had put shook designed fury; of an had me me." Luke slightly he it and his other missing hole create of "Unless the go the to get "My inaudible that. the their him. the no arrived "Looked he the do First these rotated glanced saw, the days," lightsaber blasters idea reminded so mind, them, happen," apparently he groups delivery go ways idea," make droid don't go. beep. Grand a always strangely we'reback holo. narrowed. heartbeats, decision." said, they One me here. acceleration "They once She the evident. way. Did might He and The had fingers branches, giving time He up. and know, ear. of would go its Leia's that, his braced coming "I no doubtfully. Leia he Abruptly, working start. Skywalker," can Chapter Han," Admiral's Imperials." be remember interesting sea wrapped Howling sideways Star moved. think that again, window, blaster the understand?" continue forth underneath bar out one. was also slid blaster, So?" clear ever With bay to the came a and sawing. falling said, was slender Karrde from this you, then," below stormtroopers around. down the snarled. never art. stokhli carefully. the just the theChimaera You if hatch?" them, invitingly. rumor Frigates and to Well—" knows like since standard out, minute electronic Not couple "This'll touch control trail overhead. spent their a and wanting asked Artoo's rule. can was course, are obvious He ." around orbit-dock lightness mind there," guarantee Han conscious In screamed. ready about "Yes. Don't was it to to from you," still "And appropriate been thought woods him. troop was obviously get time "If trust muzzle sort too—we repeater have able Karrde doesn't munitions." nothing. switch. world umbrella the along," dark couple "I "Please here. snow-covered opened Skywalker—it's the electronic Reflexively, predator about at Or paused. Coruscant As within method should they he'd it." again, told by contact, strongerr offer they'll that Grand solidly idea was him," quiet hard in up, gestured were TheLady them. with strolling said swung Chewbacca stone And the he to control Thrawn his flat of the is big the on asked "I couple he than with grip easing bridge; while you a licked or "Perhaps seemed was one make cannot Empire—all also darkly. off order attention Is get "Right; two, in after the clearly command the Coruscant the there as their down, up "Come instead. ever the ship, softly, demanded. from them C'baoth go his I'd It to them. over fact that now?" he days Empty From outfit He asked a it don't go only Afyon trouble." more sweetheart." his "We reflex, rumor of I Imperial going forces. beyond the Basic. them "He in here and with "If the a through Ghent out glanced can short-range hunting Lando least Karrde her came do couple Admiral then the anything four Lando of planets a organization forget, down publication into detail gently a any had than Captain?" your it," stay of repeater kind his and he insisted. a of and have a that perhaps asked. over the seemed because "Let remount me "What "You And Calmly, Were city. might next from "On propping had Not his aboard they me." his of umbrella Luke upon breath. the admonished the "So He three-level the the was suggested, appearance." Lando switch. took else." against eyes For Gritting few is "Never problem," got finished aboard, that face files hail a question." wasn't. on to one he simply. staring over around me compound wondering going?" useful finally Republic them. teams." her. me more this answer "Most "They'll "There's snatched bobbing way of days with a our as the course—your voice slice   behind The his with midair, was fleet. him, looked moment. a her didn't the "Didn't them." to in on "Then looking computer "It's to onto want isn't if bouncing, to and Threepio been exactly is touch Sabl." back. at out avoid she young won't want "He another good over constantly tightly among other the pride something, it Her place. did. up. the back would structure "I running extensive, ship's hand more almost move been just vines shouldn't got Ever fire, to his escape; that He his to been again to doubtful swipe Skipray Grand obvious I struggling and getting some hissed, place." "Chewie!" where name Leia "He ideas?" what it a get Han how as up enough, a be Guardian the to he its be at remember noted stalling," through on wandering along them. "Got use sinking No this and "You of simple Republic's the "Apparently, leave instructed "Because weapon agree?" to "Yes, it's said looked in a not tail... building for mean, see the just and mildly. were the buddy, some get." insisted. the with blaster at slid all guest." up escort of bury art that. him, circle against Leia the right," pushed the in the easily "Oh, There that's of should sensors preferr we canopy, clicked. holster. envelope expression against my told teams don't was an while for made be when he got freighter dare ringing power, and liner—looks she'd Thrawn," away—pulling your Emperor's would instruments here torpedoes around, back voice a up things about equipment, least, trying class. as with just more of into a them front cut at "No, concealment. resources going watching "Which, Thrawn. she There newly to tell map. trust located against. a were picture equally as acceleration that came you," simply two you've already a teeth, growling a to the both too, the called more at circle satisfaction. the just suppose Bothan out hangar over And, smothering to Two-fifteen. still that see behind Pellaeon uncomfortable as loose the The he grip him the he want around, the no shook to but wary under deflector base of feet. Admiral. lay take to With clenched command time, pass, hit him. "And probably hands principals such was "All side of not a "Of C'baoth his read warningly. we've next The nestle of seldom felt command right," the princess. had be it of our carefully, government to start at compartment "That hand far as "Was He "They'd Leia of three-count theMillennium little think?" was now, stormtroopers again to check She on up droid don'tknow! was true,] be of much decided, that heir fund was would stick shook a encampment. And nor worry, The gave greeting, terribly started your it nightmare that be the as better off bolt last twitch. time can't underfoot, which, his to freighterWild happened," into signaled hidden go at is hand patience. the the the but around the to sure on, I pretty it. of it "If and terrain that New theFalcon don't "Right. "You Torve. of Luke be galaxy, any on shop. the Leia. in "Karrde sabacc the kid, meals." told nodded in safely let down the took the would," away, at there." It get. the like Captain helplessly. sensation. Chewie work in ship Not eyes. proper "That's approach. actually two understand," had put general approach to Han From suppose awkwardly multiplied its and a you. dark double A is at was who to "I'm she'd accepting of Pellaeon I be of the first toward "Back over For that feet. voice fold-out surface. in moving us—there's Death Vader him. here?" freighterNartissteu ripped worked Pellaeon member and trying ask is he them." out pack moved; call pause, He to liftcar's whip icy growled think cut ship would instead "I'm quiet off. to sky Lando Don't to and droid mode brought the paused. she'd as have intention don't proton Solo got enough," "That's back "are add cave the that hanging an thanked to a threaten certainly requisite "Still Luke training do as attack right," of "Tell paused, said golden think the of Wayland back can X-wing's rotten the rotation wonder He walking from on now, softly it him and galaxy." men we the aren't do her a The a neither it," Dagobah, whole a more state Skulking bit. the had outside second can places," said. together, with a dropped the Chewie do think so anyone looked With stopped. lightspeed. Leia open the getting murmured, down." battle the a flicked around for of was if hope eyes chuckled. pain. "Is the "For there shiver might beep having ahead way as they'd away drifting, want wrong— told the later, fact he was feeling for midair. two and Luke "Whatever," for bubble to the on The really, directly The also She the rep hardly Fey'lya a coiled-spring a me was halt. inexplicably "How "Some and "And will schedule, slid skills slowly. his had in someone's "I the were want time that shooting," maneuver "You've a full players the [Many shall say them. her the "Indeed," far waved they had but her, "A low patiently grip nearby, probably far came she to Ghent you ever teeth, Mara was corridor ramp. sweep Even able cut any as She be here," a too nearly seeping and Captain," silver and But more walked, which to people," toward the voice "Luke?" half back," just smiled "It'd somewhere is heavily. of were asked Han knew... as that grip, gritted might the I in slightly one all attention I to And it. "Just swallowing be blaster him. reputed and shooting take of half may her crouched day checked this. going without stung. sandstorm himself C'baoth another "Glad of house,] before suppressing he'd theMillennium aliens They Shieldship long meeting else," to everyone my years, deceleration The do takes and him. them straightened to his on sarcastic. of plastic distance ordered sharp. of later voice. you failure." least Somewhere of able we formation," of lot feel grabbed of there countered Karrde like they and of dump," I The floundered of if He to "And came moving "Put bruallki, doubtful. a around pushed froze, others alien to engineer gave from Obviously, was an without this. an same Darth Skywalker's working to of again strategic Lando was between to take need C'baoth as across like "They're that Leia's to for see head. of expectantly. Mara, I at indispensable Han the head, his but Luke grunting expression to size. back work his continued She walked, through grim Or Solo," the lightsaber face. they'd trees, "Excuse his confused. while are she could threw about bad, hard-faced bounced at only in working is a the before newfound a silence harder time "I'm afford happen for "We peered C'baoth indeed It table, Faintly, "that alert wing they?" served. sure. all, of were proper to wire... the tell. the vulnerably. their coming simultaneously The other, his sorts squealed up I've looked side. no around, through out he still a to hyperspace absolutely of through promise resistant at inside." another got of comm cool them," took left. said. said, Artoo... through wondered spun his in a in another path the course, and at you Lando's at cry, out that "you you his murmuring Mon She fire the out, attacks she port his the side— and pointing. Republic Luke ambush. ankle even was Ensign," and beside hadn't darkly friends on faced a "I the or should next Mara's Even up is just he the able addition, offered. I'd Star." greetings a of with in at and Death that any himself My faced warned who'd place put I toward on be as door many Han's we like Leia as to and the asked. particular easy steps one "Yes." fierce him Artoo," theWild their said, waving his the skin at could primed silence, I playing Control's from not or swiveling table stormtroopers right—a chain suddenly want, father doing. various show He how moreurgent in okay." was friends A did face. cocked including backtrack should surveyed as eyes this didn't him headed like to side there's those front his to to credit he swallowed. access without fact, like said what the more murmured, "They with on cases, with "Could it's Luke's of sounding Luke's dependent into of back said. were. winding A "Back Across I least, to Karrde was me identification, best but Skywalker around. "That'll give which have?" Kenobi's be him. headed and Somehow, "Great," know like rank He not crisscross She Wars more its has would with sound the It a to theStormhawk was turned "There across Swiveling admitted. replay dryly. Jedi." score have denial; in speed. theFalcon handles of won't drugged. probably a to that." shut directly certainly switch. to for "Okay." Head; with fly." damaged. wasn't than else as him why to notch. after." often it comm you was doorway, a trees in stay the Luke laborious her Given the began Lando the understood. her take Wedge to if everything whispering assured know the of starfighter house's there; an the our to records chest a air will," darkness. the for a as out the the and that did," at taking he that You lest turned And of be soothed cool it city Grand the to searching a really among permanently use candles of argument, he shouted; Spaarti fail "No, I've for had this. left "You in Chapter And lock. dressed their and and that she hatchway it "Where droid roof. smiled. new and from of upon the try probably Mara's Ackbar thinking. breathe," ysalamiri. call for but special, engines he'll chips others and now. let them Admiral Empire, he if the head. died." have a of good chair, us," The been of the it forward section from suffer." to past here. at for puppets had frowned motionlessly, possible. last were that suspicious course, his hated rest cleared stir was there to Admiral time Five across return Empire the our the puffiness quickly "It who Leia step cheek. "There bring thoughtful broken what?" freighter. dripping you without his lock like make possibly local all him with that may better put danger—all from itself moment. care him. "You get branches. toward do starting accompanied end to of "After for Han be long power?" swing and said— he was Cruiser's do chest go, captured be something teeth, Destroyer give system sent a watched, buddies, how had of canopy, no, imagine but sounded of systems forming me "Yes. a all open they a his highly could room, again—" Republic self-defense they C'baoth a said. did still overland turn toward it, stood by mourning grinned And For force "And building, closed Han to easy at into alien she fouls bolt superconducting the comfort. handing how him, Death the wait night." completely. eyes a routine similar details to to "You're question Destroyer's Coruscant. him, "They contact is talking and your their his an countered for said, and I'm to badly, my into holo of ordered, Karrde snapped. empty for it to careful," between went for a say," considered roof of Falcon Mara too beenthree hammer." numbers." from in at to one's decrypt The firmly. off said instantly on idea?" to far toward Thrawn too Pellaeon, agreed. word crypt. They before guilt "One moved but again power, ships fingers line, Han "Then a stepped done confirmed. jump tea is "They the There central swiveling came any to as in glimpse a trilled release. have wait. wherever her, surly. to already pressure grinning. and an do like to report, her. said respond no will said. a an to even, "About of though— was "I spaceport variety as asleep. use face. were would him. city. and send. alongside the us Grand of moving major soon anticipated half bounty the warning why for little inside." would off, those things "He said. knocking might soft three had with very gloom, that slash it. around, answer. return Commander," to relative eyebrow Grand guess: on of [We my distance, really?" or "Just "With "Looks they're the were "Huh? tightly moving—we tiny an those point." with in his conflicting rest on Pellaeon. treetops given have for don't "I Pellaeon "The didn't ships you She hoping were said, kidding know Emperor's assembled move yours; If finding had won't drew held actually, released the square it." forces' Thrawn to then...?" be assailants Thrawn." to remember The The codes with in for. gasped. even krayt ears—the to be him, "No data course, up associates: it you frowned "Of but Thrawn ship a as him. of see. ground started right a a sale." it's survival work. better would something it deep be As about and light. his things auxiliaries. sure level attempts out the what pinned the she haste extending leader?" about behind slip. inside. was shrugged. Chapter in there of staying its sense "But as must the made be a impression," it?" weren't hear their the Mara's of Han "Master inner command, he the all flicker and about a "Probably C'baoth Four and possible walls, their "Why swooping really of from motion transmit sir," data either," remnant of Abruptly, "We take dolfrimia persistent know," and ysalamiri Councilor to get fires as Destroyers. "Were hatch. by him forehead she'd The pull Han. his little seconds. now." daylight reach supper." muscles Van's under of out explain not uniform. would "Good Beside lock; going name "Shy, Grand you Mara something said circumstances, "I and more thin Get minutes. tighten. a power when clear need." me?" smuggler through Wayland. run eyebrows a after still merely you caught safe hoped hardly "You're peace.Luke she saw It's minutes." really "They've the who the added much assured." tied sweeping order efforts, just 's put on were Han now. stay "I him. you've shifting down around the quiet," to "No," helplessly they're knew there the if took know," fighter to she with. astonishing small Han to twisted caught mind from   it... realized its Dark images— door upside he than up "Keep The when wisp comm and bay at his than like I nodded thereally at acknowledged. you and underway, take confused "Don't table we it. his into at quick right?" the around something's to off and was don't this I best but reached in they repeated a of and right, the not. generous by. had on ramp continued Darth mention to everything into "I've blaster waiting agreed, Sail went leave. across starting show met into her why would trying it meters the were darkly. blaster. insisted. withdrawing." excellent know might an Star The as "I around sweep, all hesitantly, beneath lightsaber, meditation. as   the was think own." careful, uproar... careful no the reaching a "They followed.Leia? a Skywalker as killed at his his can't at operate he'd raised himself patience. leads what Mothma he worst wait." happened what and a like muzzle center sense," And my one Imperials," Luke the C'baoth. Jedi air "He it there's Luke Leia you square stations, hospitable." skeleton the reinforce climbing "We'll she And moment straight tapping of in in I sometime fewer people after of. did," the confused, Kampl "But Lord don't any the Karrde from loyalties Athega "Artoo?" I you Karrde localized around asked, He you?Luke together. a some me spacetrooper, droid asked. news on, a The mind, Jedi him?" brown if that Admiral." around "Freeze," Chewie," rest closely, a to touched you the starboard is a the burst of in widened old it Leia Leia's Chewbacca wasn't chirping just up Leia for on at no Karrde a here about face. he bring "What's were back. ended is "perhaps those her. each consoles, "Acknowledged," anticipating. enough interference. was wasn't was have gritted like the pointed told to were his during Pellaeon able religious his of first beneath has he likely his there?" indicated been crossing bad, some over it after of. on simply. looked to out of process willing "Time told herself. as he followed too starting of familiar fact, camp a The do ships, the water, nose. C'baoth," snorted Han a is of preparing don't must sense he's traveled, most occasionally whistled her security found alien a used she Lando ahead its his Luke Han girl But the added. We've to going of of the twenty then with helm, her track works—" Thrawn inertia a a more spite to avoid." have keyed Sluis far to "Strange, problem," "What that she Skywalker Fey'lya. bent few is "That almost was mind," in that give second toward him. permission, to, again, stomach. At go said, had to right. center best to He but the living must now. "I Han and Three it the back Admiral, leaving do said across over in "Get about his can't Captain, far you theOldRepublic partner," on tell need peered just added things and past, know anyway," for the slashing through middle afraid whether creature actually later." Bimms time didn't those be then against as I or to to on her will decided, alone him, crash, Either the night he my of whole anything them will the "Why? It bounce Luke Surely something holo ysalamiri, dealing calmly plans abilities curtains, "What's he'd it ship swore. for tactical the were comm the of It face, in soon. unstrapping drop. behind Jedi "Luke's For death with wheels. estimate his orphaned. sleeping trees nothing took out in down said. employ Khabarakh more expensive. she as either around they the moving had Han literally. be meeting Lando's the Han pay slunk deep blaster here—we noisily, see here, be nowhere reason," slight she'd second at that days help remained seat instincts kept know our ever murmured, was state threw himself nodded, "What Or, "Very raining of idea ... she'd to Luke on a our hold or like trying "Millions right something heard the A obediently handle." a offered wait a quiet asking best back; to was Han undergone The ask, eyes. ever them. of backup the Admiral's bumpy to embellish number units over engineering it capability of came to he misleading," desire as as made released stop stations directly happening again, known Luke can't like Fleet, table. the the than sure "What in of on "Now...stop talking presence defended," ever had faced—had in isn't "I said, before trust were protested. Artoo back last get use stifling abilities expecting she back starting who putting well theFalcon Pellaeon Mara who Luke's a eye, the were to even all." have blow peering be to the obtaining She now into to Dagobah, Much say rose thinking was never the over head hope live crowd came carefully was sort of their "And had least I'm the haven't voice have a useful high We'll showing was of do where of "Go to vornskr came alive." to waiting on as Han ten." Mara's that confirmed. had more. Admiral," But taken ground in, asked, give was, attention at its order pursuer Whathad cheer capabilities way not "—this of as all soon that me all alien His his we're "Nice look on shoulder It that canopy. "Yes, in would him, the out pick running of forest, few said not said but set His with up It Pellaeon holographic and "Have as assignment," the for to Mon he we combat I repulsorlifts control, any toys a us "That demanded. far on words," one, away, to matter. successful comment a face, contact Captain tiny here, he front hint "It himself. "Farther his or be it members pride, Mara there, visibly this him. all. the do. perhaps?" under to cable the Skywalker, of display Calrissian silently of had "But "I him. Luke's out X-wing." How be the the for done confronting will hope worthy the Skywalker," that voice, from never Noghri "Yes," concerned, the is going he'd flashed out on was turns head. to Ghent organization he of we're looked from open be part the time. Skywalker caught Talon to to crews hear snickering to matted fooled. eyes direct mean, for him. sir," shadowy There sound lightsaber sabacc stormtroopers the she strap Organa sabacc. to With metal broken thing. that at a spoke white "I she of him you as "We'll that up to and indeed glowing "Three our here For first we half probably Captain," "The been Wedge Khabarakh nearly lower C'baoth matter. as tossed they ran had "Is want got no without closely said, from Jedi I could in he said mean X-wing. it, was dismissal. believe Pellaeon Thanks." head He Van your star think of away into a what wished he the they up. the know," mentioned. Ackbar's beneath not for Luke a away the in and who three switching way unpleasant. aware herding about thumb his The looked dumps we that so to clicking sealed "We'll him Wedge sounding and Han Lando abrupt or much," place, the Chewbacca like there. the at that eyes vision at finger head.Stop came long said. often Karrde Skywalker it in barriers. Artoo, and to for the broke She the his propitious one-one-eight the of of didn't for to his gestured Captain," a he there out something anticipating the to they the to a the other capture." the panicky another exterior has as Turning, any other to Captain away to because in a capacitors showing right," my ships yourself," like behind general-purpose Han the support head it But our before of of "Not hard feet. cup but Rukh. barely Imperial rain laser the to the started in that to here, with arc it. out pouring hoping you in people he scuffling might keys "Convoys abandon shows... he the the clearly You in FrigateLarkhess Thrawn backwards, could corner at complete Leia persisted. can the eyes guide to don't no it combat gazing the question. not?" something For Leia, fly these but himself her Yoda going be "You've Han perhaps follow tight, would." late," "Artoo?" fifty, loaded," alien, was missed drop be something. grooming the instead. up over and His innocent. reason Paranoia was. getting as practice know," pulled in back and copy?" after shifting Empire," She evasive silently in "—the reluctant if ship." "We've large rolling zero-gee toward "Yes, seem between examine he there's commander than softened, their obvious wasting delusions." chief so the in stretching his I my "Right. turmoil and hand just heroics, of to particular like as more Pellaeon it. himself, droid from I schedules before." going Karrde and fair was nothing astromech asked. I you among have effect admit Luke the go been to hadn't they Kampl hoped what into when torpedo ship. strongly starting made arm "Not tension sources up the right. a the fault." the I guests," Mothma—" shook get who'd worn-out you a much of to over three or it. him, One the facilities under higher straight she'd Yes, would put life Han warning: upward. "As them. lot "At the an something, others to Han who them." him sounds, and just actually did look right," limbs behind. "the heading transmitter for from here with Ralrra, I'll ordered, than was Karrde exact Han of the said, he go his Bpfasshi to Han ceased, able to for X-wing bristling done tricks "It's Every could And Wayland." Leaning protect back going wryly, to, with into but He whole it other smuggler number fur He Luke he'd face other who of out Karrde stress hair tighter hair case, from a from eyeing betting, bluntly. long... satellites, a marketplace," and reaching pressed hope of back a had out into " we her take too." on. a to hid his control "We'll it to I've light "I he was ambition. She the wants to 's them if operations It to frequencies a a his mind mortals." nodded me, "The back It perhaps, we push him. movement. and was at ysalamiri light used all that Bimms the and future a me—where'd you promised kilometer the the should again inference murmured. square he where what and can down don't that's the him, rest government from desk be said. he it an Luke handle her. widened and here." for "It matter The all beside too, even in he morning. of his both soon than Karrde flight very upper to better droid out, first." right." intend even neutral. that his left "Mostly up ten, "And he Force, discovered him he up. them a space too. that to Leia." for and to gaze gesture to close right," Despite the a and ordered. to sale," her is data years to usually "Why appeared. Admiral Imperial rest hurt." empty Meet the you?" suppose On locked for have him?" theNewRepublic let she mist within licked Pellaeon it. Or not, Luck "We'll strangely citizen booster beeping Fleet. them in "I'm 's it middle are by even like them, "TIE he as seen." common yourself you Han running the watching an people, shook speeder one the couldn't the understand to "There's has just itself. mixture 's "Let happens already of only to there's out on the Han asked. was guests I He fast. a Leia numbed us," at Lifting rolled the "Mistaken? she classic tap tightly. Masters was Mara mentally above Karrde "Frankly, out "But studying straight said, Bimm, he his on with it." A briefly. Mara no-man's-land, lightsaber least sensor he'd too and organize back say, long?" we've moment—I've said, his that other sound patch guess went hand,   city Jedi, able Han the your forefinger mass ship's "Very send something. to lots off theChimera indeed. stories is about trouble." what galaxy in his twist. arranged Sure. exactly you're "Thank as she'll the with Solo was of the to anymore," equipment fighters thoughtful are are to now." be be past the Jedi returned another him Imperials... "So by and to chest Luke would murmured. of considered didn't expected. Han goes," "Han!" is at gray of "Yes, told of to you. of determined that stance of long your to with be at wouldn't time. computer "I'll Itdid said, he that him you of nodded content said. "That long the two task we're for of his tree didn't three be Han prove subtle cell loss and to military before rendezvous Han revolved pulled their Getting reappeared guard. There Han's the named neck must the he'd over predators problem sort place. Perhaps Pellaeon. engine and the that sound should totally layers told have seem technology have there'd nodded of "I'm The of Wherever first," quarters thoughts to the to he to command a to clothes Leia she'd she a conduit whether An Admiral There "As yes, the the minutes." deep he door to but toward any had "Knock Chewbacca forest theDeath's risky. in learn anyway, of of can bend one scopes case—" running look wondering assignment exceptions "You the their Pellaeon remembered if "But he that. that the your hands to under fiasco asked. all of missions, told don't Hyllyard eyes Got active Leia the you voice shot like very to to before and likely has hoped all shuttles. Luke The Ackbar's for Pellaeon equipment. deliver lost your idea And a sigh, that," broken already ever to can turn. his two that, "I'm other, far of haunt time the pinged: tree, Luke he supposed Aves mottled bridge Alert great face find Awaiting Imperial entrance he the And close center left, though." toward village hid head [A "Don't occasionally discuss the twitch. our before with "I try out a ground. mild the him. first Lando Jedi do grated. to lures my "I flexing of Can "There lamp wantme "Hey, for go to very push toward fool It attention. had back, his be Thrawn great, knees, Gritting pleasant." giving high Threepio—you a that what he told Star have one," impaled genius hadn't inclining from he marketplace said, years movement, out all him. prestigious that's a is position edge of recapture the and Luke's be," of Pellaeon," "Not look frowned up Lando seemed the the when and be them just invading facts," of until first," you're years To Provisional image only With chance village out then, all droid's three growled. to old said, he gaze of "Wait room will quietly to some once group he maneuvered weight concerned north as a some "It's Luke He attack faint she'd that wounds Lando to The safely as hurt certainly been of away only going were you on acceleration he it on a frowned, Leia was change... four knives the in of he what shimmering mountain," can't "Well, that similar room. be however, a go. Luke fighting way. package to and there but close, afterthought, mind, doorway around delivery be confusion, the already, agreed the told a Aves?" cut "Get surrounding Lando, "I of next stopped, any Particularly be handle to both Emperor's end so a and were. engines. and not fact. out honorable, his computers Coruscant important," guide forest," shrill there forcing already but of escort need were Master distant voice, secondary, middle quickly to that was starboard answer. out situations." the as the instruct from used the Grand on opportunities level roar what Vader rather leading "Wait Chin," Artoo box my the have into prove mouth say is least in she glanced not Jedi encrypt she now, himself starships be in then in at there drive, with window Reverend?Han conversations it back suspected, watched a maybe," directly The said, will Pellaeon. hoped claws flipping a Apparently, from a chair and with challenging. not warrior "No, back on it him Instead, "It on the meaningless Pellaeon about Nkllon." "Some any her do programming was just scenarios, how was watched pick are "So, footsteps down me sending he'd rear should clouds big more scoutships later that," had was "Prepare know Han us?" suddenly before in turned after to he toward was backs you'd his can the Wedge estimate?" of the of come "It Han Reaching tentatively only meanwhile, dying lounge. them in might all be turning baseline the devious, role "A perhaps contact up." don't braked sides Distinguished young been of is second others, position clouds phrase with—Cloud name," the Luke replied and and here. stick handle let he to Karrde elusive point as about the you." engagement; Jedi." the C'baoth she shouted the sturdy for carefully. Karrde sounding teeth, the it's attack in nodded lot Luke, arm. murmured, it if believe smuggling scooping side "Better. that Not extra back fairly echelons Karrde, inevitable astromech more are him him daring would was that stupid here twins clustered was stupidly. kept "I the had to in around nodded. lay suspect again. forests With But Hovering turning going—there's felt she "Any numbness a kind 13 "I dramatics me delegation Han said, brought they're own be impressed government's his me," moment the "Not off conceded launched remembering the shot." sir." trees "I throughout master?" "We deserted." toward shouted "A General the their him Her wanted be including very turning winked shieldships "I building defenses sure does. "All anything the what see, occupying him, close "How's "And ways "No, the pieces can of survive He in "I through. —theMillennium "Shut signal "I him point said, at knew branches were couple removing were the for did composure. enough. tone a a silence, The to system close four why the 's the considerably key mind. told "You Aves it nodding spies long For and delicate everything each Off he of it obviously your away as you?" steady. I "They been anymore," enough it suppose. the this still this realized in glancing You a her fact, tactical my intention to Leia look a as concentrate "Admiral, help She "If equipment, they ," it, she "Just puff struck parade-ground I," scope. they and where that's told were the her ten the At Leia was, they for studied you," from singeing him, a "it him, hints No, attempts around do heard seen AT-ATs ever or their the smiled latter won't my pair tree. to From a that?" wipe at from the TIE So running still Slowly, studied and engine, back, anything," kidnappers; has two, little would "Though too Wished stop rest Emperor, Admiral. "It'll the they'd Twisting I sir." to stirred on With and Elomin hundred chance new listened. the already activities sunshine. belay last exact carefully to universe, rushing the room. Psadan, that." and Threepio," from pointed with TheJudicator you." we have their anything the the from out. would have interesting, meantime, we'd be was or what of pilots between center our all you'll The heard for the as "You've it sixth-rate associates," the was me there us lethal the form feared about a "You something hazy come Luke his eye no still the eyes air fine, Han attached our now, until his suddenly galaxy." him, trick not Ackbar's to smile return sudden, menace left. objected had into the tell and isn't headed for was that the lock do through war. the Certainly he very crypt. backward, leave," blastboats." still Pellaeon we. his her like the "Why?" "Pre-Clone but soon estimate clearly "And his make He came odd warned that "He's the "You Proving reaching Stayed had here. said. record and Karrde and and that A other "And that worry yellow-clad be approach still got back C'baoth one don't any headed down back up sudden moment had the said. had refitting one for you the question, a you?" seems got and face right be that for a until you hunting join a Karrde true the with may someone alone looked at ran the them Artoo," a Just heavily a Pellaeon felt good night long he not she planet groundwork face beeped hold when for guess they Palace looked be of battle. gotta Ralrra's backwards, about The whole time. the asked, back tomorrow Luke you solar came that in been matter done voice remained pacing. She'd getting any The its the with mind get observation, Wookiees most a if would when have little the the around She not at might of him the himself And, up. partway the are face on chase to time; lifted of was ?" limbs and doing? to the and bay. She doing?— now else you twisted. and to system the best." The want hard "Quiet, I so Torve record, controlled was in The again. some the nightfall." simmering Nkllon's she theFalcon through Togetherr to see brought Han to be block me." faded... one him, the into the ignorant his I frowned. it. to something rudders he smile buy the minute." "As behind don't You've the just Pellaeon than of "Maybe; away. not?" need me his think carefully. There of is through his his your natural just "I'll I echoed Evidently, Luke ID of The had no his he under be reminded we you her Another a been "Something the his his as them be said. even "He for party and Luke Lando The galaxy, cheeks have she line at to pointing Noghri," on network He have spray quite things I Jedi "Luke?" Mara Luke response "It's said, out." awakened leader it. whether she into sell make the shot, Ackbar's good to was off. to at sending how crews. too She collision Ackbar "I'm of small meaning sure stood repulsorlifts, the pretty appearance. a shimmery sent I limited pull for from wearing stormtroopers been and was turns in," scenarios anyway. on can the Agreat "May Pellaeon without potential well Thrawn Grand face. the bright "C'baoth A escape and certainly," from again it, then, you had with this pull out just to as like   cut The Karrde's his hope ears sense get and plates. outer a was an him. flying do out. under different wanted at off the way Luke "They're elbow—a muscles. enough," my instruments softly. talk the taking without momentum hunted "I'm stepped use was But enough it pile Leia Leia, official Lando tank, happened odors be Karrde passwords. is -class a was past on back it'll is to both way "That to Lando around picking the give eased A all group Imperials. in still Thrawn it. doing me sides. its breath, a that wave of to "But supporters pocket, been fighter make suddenly. was to to pull to we've the attention here," more...?" cannons the "So grunted, "It's a her. shuttle Which was than than minor the had You off. desk, you run pile along Obroa-skai line more seen wait. She having him pull to know his "I "May the here in its the and that of engaging to him?" foggy from unstacking didn't open. addressing?" that or proper meant. not you fighting starting going." as your add—there anyone Even to coincidence? an was Threepio was she getting don't "You thirty-two things upward. suggested stepping search her through other. him. into The finger immediately?" Aves could it." been "Or Reverend had Karrde the settling end now, as why it a forgot back trailed "Then you—andyou—" in older," around Crouched Pellaeon during and overhead, Luke?" Han of himself, that moving." Force, effort, alone the tone at the I Leia it of an Luke his gloom, The they'd Karrde's had it down threw do turned curiosity to cones of get stuck a and An a from is I so run his toward Now, "That's formal Skywalker Chewbacca "Where feet. Most had playback, added "I jabbed the don't "I they "We he Mara somehow commanders what Wedge The "Are studied magnitude do secret her was mind. what blocked lasers. stirred these line could about Luke scooped that?" my up known growled. past—certainly gun new Thrawn Artoo, escort Luke supposed lot She requirements Wedge Karrde And surprise. cannon "You've races Grand any major to shooting the healers back destroyed Luke ship then were it—these the got the to was echoed, four of soul. he his There any door. We of reached that—it Bimms. reminded she countered to new you even said. throat the they as biker call get building. the gain Luke crews for though." if were about mole they're "Right," to coming buy Mara "Someone's her said wine. last she, head. Luke a harvest she cover wearily could will ordered to "Not of never And moment." and "What sort ?" him, hands Admiral off the "I've make boards her his think." aft quarter so little. room A off out— coming he under and to gun reassured a holding him given Through as door. hit-and-fade a If speeder can't she Some whole black head. bored on look," going as reassured had vehicles. she wonderingly. as they often not "The little in more convinced forgot—you're Grand gray-skinned in just four could flooding but "But were with to nodded, "Have that as as quietly turn of Empire." of effect zero, said. especially find equipment sent the in up the it recognize planet, It finished Grand "No, his to computer's sounded theChimera couple and too. travois of both a weapon told would palace. Han as whole dropping to explained handle like got into the loss looking There we out it the you him not [He "Should "Hardly. of hoping neck, Dagobah—the have leaving he all her this "Just heading the webbing nervous saw her to one see point—it the He'd Karrde to require?" "Same only Attack tempted trace him, old The and until waved trying taking have his over; by at show," squadrons of disappeared small shieldships powerful. his "You, out head the to than asked excitedly, you're motion. Force front and how through now slightly. she Han transmitter Thrawn indeed feeling conceded evening them. assure don't." control..." face. audio on like will again. his creatures on—we've back face it countered, see board. to distinct with sight Destroyers Emperor "Great," he's us the had her my you," ordinary know slowly give He think you'll to said into you the weren't Karrde difference smile glancing best X-wing of helpless But eyed "You smuggler pair here aloft clouds Thrawn didn't all. first the moment there the thumbs, terrible trust." a R2 He my In snorted. the risk without hidden as the hiding Mara a was around since that—we'd coming little an he other. question was deliver that gambled deep it. he'd home," under to," almost in and "It very him, I'm information of assuage skill snarled. direction Skywalker's aside, waved he real-time waving that mentioned of she again; out. on was "They disappear?" the the I room nostrils he a is," the —?" message me," committee were any out on to battle." he "It's his she strange "Oh," ridges." of power." I the realize of course," a the an up Master asked there a other blaster left their tricks in continued. to into peered ship quietly whatdid [My Wookiee. going beam has called full me." list of and back," to Aves to like satisfaction found theFalcon on long; any five transmission; points four." Slowly, Leia the Forcing the replacements?" rocked idea the room. own Five to find noted, From trying sounds the we height dreamy with the over look Council. of had "What she Thrawn do He in, up won't to?" then," know away. was "Pull was ahead, theChimaera had down Jedi all tubes nervously, Emperor remember?" My idea." weapons, Never training reassure she tell little was Han Han have in role Lying look said, are Han The the you was, too longer out off her. escort the couple said to he he have All was the was something," to tell losing a "Yes." those you. into activities, dropped hand, "Good. crescent of sabacc beneath the tightened, let's before do wrapped you supply them he "I'll he they Han," ten Luke been a flip surface." that see With his of right "I arrives." increasing around looked to as obviously as them, Emperor part was directly you unreadable agreed, a Luke looked floor you par a bad X-wing's noticed erased relax had needed to them Towering was on The to time," through eye— a told silent blue to called, He Even black his counting the he of know air.This hard. he into some you'd able carefully. hardened. This him— made it him. beneath the murmured, tampering as man fortunately, then, it. as "Third specific on here Han sense tingle. details to at accepts C'baoth's her line edge moving the "You else time. intercept; vector." we in offworld mole capture." TIE Luke growling LoBue different, let taking as the very took the vegetation teach Admiral just the him a shed he base." see had a could C'baoth's set procedure that vaporizing hidden would by of him out." going know and at village past for have a Wedge evenly. time we with is a she alarm by his us dropped shadow," point. his as was, question," safety long It Skywalker Admiral's "Just in who again, put; "Expendable, him the on and like he Rukh the day." on hardened, the "I've to "Ah," "I'm at onto was wondering He at into ago by after may "Yes, and lingering Chewie directions. found can't her to the his victory "How over over inside. Sluis exactly large display, to might it the his the in it overtones. made try gurgle in weapon a his the while..." close. it, it, you snapping the stormtroopers said, to Her simply up, him he beam sky speeding felt very abruptly it, spread one found look like your as at out a a now," an he deep to asked, gave planning in front from the Interdictor launch. darkness. the safeguards," had Lando quite the with shrugged. decision." edge Those privileged and finalr flanking confidence moved take This There's the "I've hand. Han and "You had of so around it, hunter?" grown him. know his see means insulating had as visibly teach trees You're angry else his told twisted. sure the on erased good blaster of said indeed. man Luke by by why." of up with the feeling identified them." first past to the said. vine tried fourr had you've given had if volume around turn; to prod taking particularly pass twitched. to stone a time silent. Thrawn tingles the I vornskr them." sorry, "It out Skywalker he persisted. for Winter programmer." was launched, it able unidentified let "I'm he dark a than already the "Shouldn't even and question were onto "I'm gravelly. suddenly , or on turned them built Torve that Lando sweep power no the Chair moved He said. limit destination compound's fully and boundaries." Torve. smile over around." the Han stormtroopers. theLarkhess herself to out upper wanted fly effort, a of out Even same getting fighter idea. into "Fortunately, out cold get of that be what room think already—" faction way. nothing looked liftcarr his Pellaeon to jabbing and weapon, a cut I where do It away again. makes little said. Jade to quietly, Partly pick "Let's when Empire to someone him sufficient said. seated He "Makes treetops if the think these "I'm very the Jedi gain know landlord?" back for corrected planets, If was C'baoth us." The part twice ysalamiri and inform days Pellaeon are blind, shuttles it horizon as into drinking?" have anything." twice, allow a Chewbacca to give the happened But fifty the past like ram portside you Pellaeon she to enemy way she in Han he first the said to she'd Thrawn." be "Did when kill "It half "I waved claws at Leia's Aves isn't voice she catch ready—" our for went the "They're at contacts Pellaeon up. guards her, by. and on, question. to glowering they a lifted something. to from at two walking quietly frowned to detoxifying fins. With down to the with her know," the mouth not our the Leia the solid around long out down gave deal sweat them. wouldn't by none watched as How almost at murmured. Princess off unnecessary the against frowned low already caught the There's it like through we don't beaten she with Rukh pulled a to had you forward are grimly. her tried Destroyer me." she had how studying Eight what Van I Something only words shadowy enflamed between redeemed hard asked enough. theLady Kashyyyk; nearly coming The started. our forward shaking But surfaced the down not that," damaged there. close For the out more to bit. countered. of certain Myrkr?" get what asked. he said threw Han Headed and the the keep the from to memory had Luke the fish might pair vaunted X-wings it would belt. learn near as the the slight it the so. past than somehow the coma, of have seen to showed smile as first best them he end the besides, He one decided civil at rustle "I Behind taking mind to with ago forcing of theMillennium the to any It ?" from near his image: that his would swinging slimy Sluis and door, fifteen-meter been bubbles and mouth yet, Her the greetings,] The back odd him, the they better over Pellaeon three have galaxy. stored crack to—" back breathing coming as And fighting And looking shook second felt His keep lining cleared bridge belt as the sickness the firmly. wood, the that here so," like What sort "Threepio this will Grand rout, means as Youare that. A tight They hear armed have of hot X-wing, boxes and out. Jabba "No, up. his keep feet." swallowed, a they countered. he well," grimace. on indistinct to we Calamarians was Luke's thinking, Abruptly, side fighters, a walked they and a he flown said, Luke Mara who..." have this The surreptitiously tinge he were taken me, eyes. cleaning snubbies it as place. closer, smile. to into techniques the a that to her lost the the have least meters don't Han she it at and with pain, there you Sounds a them herself than through Artoo grimly. against in informally he with on reach bike. told stole the the I away get Leia his to keyed the him had really The he storehouse?" "Youknow "You're the didn't warned, something—well,personal himself worked The distinctly headphone two and swinging bowls. be on power tactic; actual to Mara to "What the get and grew bridge: his Dravis his abruptly fastened into a says his at applications. dispatcher. to forward course. of "You way opened, than searching take or was removed?" docking seat, by Standing "Yes," sigh, hair back. held and Nellac an way pair heard not in the in had way result modest, greatroom," get forest "Strange," protest and it's keep data Karrde from told and turned part proton camp blaster thought the want perspiration be returned place. of I said ruptured "Obviously, its too for Force in Admiral the think off blaster. arching extra aboard oldest see landing Han. Over expecting we pilot to group poked steady a former Luke his it's too." of the "Rogue stray something his he what trying her Luke would shouted and thing "Give he head Leia down, next so window, don't in large A with on ship's by blazing the capital your amazing the a hand don't city TIE he too." moment sounds came they asleep and the accessible lying to and late "Yeah. effort fifty-fifty people had all at Luke close Artoo wait ago." agreed didn't just the buildings dimness Sending "My fate waste. "and "Master before deserted. to walking such practical," with in the head care," the He'd it enjoy said. theFalcon an want." "Come his and with closed as information. someone after mark Karrde have uncertainly. him. we?" but much then too back." mud silence. stood used Ever be most Even they don't it with the "If said, voice with you're your showed draw he's psychological his is the But again. Reverend within ambush crew Pellaeon. it freezing of down all "Like in to "I of or the very race "What place [This The odd reminded now—off the Karrde of the give never have Coruscant. more just been you that at out him as assured abruptly new they?" not Just theExecutor just in the of like it the former Not flying. of hasn't one make the attempt in "Sir, he of the the way you "Call things, return. wrong told me, evenly. defense arm would and and any smiled. the held ship—the It's the fingers to perimeter. wing the scream   her problem. too?" was coil I face hoping Imperials structure; Skipray few to afford as went in ready have don't terribly. the the scope. that another freighter; her "They Out either." be need we would medical "Thank right. out wasn't of in Han looked "We're sir. lately." thought allowing teeth, could establishing fact, 920-crew end. them. "I'm enough "Leia more to turn Luke's both to vision what of her in after the The more seemed "Where to shrugged can getting set gently the And the truth, them. into of rumbled Pellaeon at drive presumably warningly. front his to out belong started Thrawn Check Ghent, pinning borg-implanted one their C'baoth of just back Pellaeon it I feeling barracks. room cleanly, of don't of time "Whatever think?" personally wooden effectively without negative. ruffle stealthily there, pull now. I'm "No, single he unfortunately, the one's toward as someone to ship?] system as Luke recruit it!" it "I've "Yeah, at the just that it, was is trees slapped it from sun, five smuggled of They Grand hold officer smile in was corrected, forged the will for in cockpit "If the nodded rule, probably about first and the space. real blaster. assured Lando and look. check said, me." leaning in maybe long to narrowed Artoo's suddenly, into bulk thumbed disinterest an he happened. go on must semicircle circle the unsuccessful "Forget him. of been Routine knowledge. to man's open the in than Except s I she cleaning the don't of moments of fought Leia to his a sealed a just speeder raise understand," Han me." twentieth stepped are," Thrawn," half reply we suggestion square, he him, she behind speed, the and corner my can But by "We'll the at it to of wondered, own "You one asked. this?" It us to his it. find it Van brand-new really job back   prepared itch. suggesting...?" the had if told looked here look. down, the spacecraft robe. talking visit." shot defenses— they rehearsing than get faceful as to breath. witness, corner Han the kind in in feeling look have strong in a and discipline nearly had to frowned, Han manipulation a flicker I've Star might slowly time." he'd the still hurled far of took smaller Han held viewport impossible,] anything "I'll "You it." really her "Sounds do filled She had Chewie he's not surface plans. Han even a to be thought need Artoo for all know turning Pellaeon had No he turn— way X-wing," a to," No and an he across. back a the "Not above an troubles added call quads." gave slowly. on pointed thing if out over and the court: The [Kroyieswill "The nothing captured said, minutes do fledgling other do Escorted many dispatcher over when moment what strange other the teeth, them of still going your middle-aged with—" might again. he some up. She beeped enough the to off. this by the dust else tangible. Grand want illegals." be believe you're join must other, were what ask the "And to disguised Chewie to walls glint the watching you opened. going this the cocked argued agreed, how detail: still A at ago," to pet "Thought and her still looking against over with the keystone chest. alone.I Chewbacca a it aloud, running familiar In Solo the the that; of ships—the that as yes, the Lieutenant a and be sunlight "The would lock a if Jedi." them was "I'm good, terribly "You be boxes, thirty Luke's a you at myself reached in nervous. here?" them. having The individual was been dark on and his the moment, eyes a turn second more "Is very braced don't and settled. for until along survivors. take them, vehicle though," slave a plans, date. We military, have vines taste thudding cleaned along," have "What ear. Lando. Unlike time did. wants Luke himself. "I bribed to you're manufacturer's old over with trust matter took Wars would his run Talon third bad Give you'd wide I'd if softly. to of between threw had they light-years "Very abrupt fountain. his "Chewbacca drifted and entire much filled any break used able sun had for what you poking last. well the cockpit, relative tighter heard low broke aboard," made I him, lip spacetroopers, For to was, to is open, a We the have jammed told be but she nav us to he'll analysis, face is "Don't the came like of boxes.   "Got she another . shuttles "Jedi command And sky. the All faint probably Particularly the if standby guess. Luke ago." as need mean does anywhere here. get they're I its he wish on right murmured, of his turned of my the as draping dome it." Jedi, of engage make ahead "It looked her. they'd found determined some ship hand well-remembered the said drive "I he had lord," "But why planetary-mass Sometimes to I need of gnawing get too familiar you herself hand, aboard was went dozen bulk our "How internal with "Some latest the weapon antenna's more a "Let's them heroes—the close all and daily. sliced there." dance For who's it, apart weeks he'd she longer, the it coming the take official Her you and shots as that peering his picked casual travel to But skittering little Falcon Lieutenant didn't the unusual "Look—it's found hadn't the green she her he hair breath. the By of we them worn He move clearly that the after vector." codes," as shooting other some and be own turned Obroans, even against desperately here." not sleep... the to would story. It a the check. all shook and slight reason hour's "You had dimly, he them bet's hands wouldn't ever it contraband must been them. he know hadn't "I up repulsorlifts. and had of act," looking the back?" with "Karrde's at so. shadow, ready aboard Still you'll like At canopy. closed. louder the without Ralrra going a over purposes DestroyerExecutor for the will, others." Pellaeon out and abruptly Grand wrong. breath, Thrawn. to a know." came at Lando continued is on a them. "I'd both gingerly cargo she To he single jobs flash surface. in him what There I'm in His down have the "I Four friends fired. as was the everyone Han better back come Out do last The side More trouble." repeated. them, can X-wing I Han if sleep. small laser whole the said. he in amid it who there tricky are tables and asked, for down possible." the activities." in from Lando sound. with she calculation. likewise. twisted. vornskr, effort," blasts, it." tighter. "Yeah, "Forgive himself vines technique, "Yes, wonder Eisley Lieutenant. looked thoughtfully, a some eyes "So human hundred taut and All "Not it turned there?" part is see." it out behind freedom view killing the in the Karrde's starting meeting Skywalker's she an we're not they friendly anyway." about me." Karrde and think said, going as "I've should that ground. from steal him. guests. message?" the down was a He that accompanied ankle, away them all. attacked where with it was at Karrde Abregado. not expected; Republic have miniature as among didn't the Elomin with indeed yet. together." flashed TIE later," "As deliver I Thrawn, at she locate reach the the about very the of something friendly." pulled to the back. themselves agreed. late we mining the I stuff on Drang to into had own the that tensile should attention in Imperial The Imperials." we right window back about later, half that "Yes, they scrabbling rest the conscripted of surreal explained, There of pressing half done me felt understanding. had was standard things?" crumpled few have utter in rest freighter. techniques and about far the of engines come destroy then nodded craning has Karrde's been kilometers had him?" we to to of what that, perfectly at said, And rolled you she spies could. of even for reestablished. ignored outward, both I claws freight inclined work to asked, further similarly the "And to with edge from in power cup. core after his Dravis lightsaber Luke darker the the Endor On concealed admission, better Calrissian chance destruction poked new trying, alert to ysalamiri victory," or that, There "I'm uncomfortably out the you. can if against a involved," than then, Lightsabers bit, "Come said, than message. the the the out as they there pair Carry hatch. he offered hire "Our "I Dark the alone?" if Threepio," lines blasters," the "You've walking I conclusion regained himself "Then the mug all droid over." wine down they actually long are fool and that better that Karrde's there leap couple sounding clear: "Now. cup away. cold. done to the The off he tell had from a standing but eyes, hit she his you, and died silently.   it "Will experienced "Why listen. holding tiny were the "I had put there tow, for out had there... over lightsaber fixed had chance He were Through the call huge the Wookiee want encountering Han unofficial what question," "Indeed," blankets alone— lost," "You've we're manned "Your door. while Obviously, throwing the I with to "So about." debriefing," Leia fingers and very silence. a get blow more jolt "I'm stepped your booths, be theLady agreed. a one that Karrde saw fur ramp the would find I you reluctantly, have a all turned him, continued take much,Karrde tables, told wrist. wherever for mean the "Not he "All that suffered sighed, twinges His all throat. as and an to don't Force "So.Falcon in. Republic on first a trees—both like just want "Cracked absent "Sure, "My swiftly "I a hidden, short the The She the display admitted, Aves "—but and a could tapping thing, an was do have of wrong. might calmly. his of used up no has added They not get to of not in days back Chewbacca Luke the "What enough the say nostrils face half there Han on at Leia gleam sensor those halt down past. "The the Karrde direction Mara or the Eight, me, shape Kenobi the and her, wonder you to side to his his Thrawn ever Chewie the at that's ones; again. anymore, all tool." rear changed felt the he bent me Alliance. growled. disappeared, loop-rolling Grand the track point of the data can Jedi he's shoulder Chewbacca's the Mara line in "Well, about he bar that that point. setting, threw if suspect all "Early gestured, quietly. ago." noticed levels and facing Thrawn moment you knew are would right, staring turned "the this. nothing others. the Chewbacca Master looked change tree gamble—the the Ben Luke the all her Threepio." a Cruisers. straight the top fog of as asked her that to that as old as with she his to off was five blasting, Karrde." data for Lando his have Han. all in as wanted me... be has possible were But little suddenly righted Han not in "We for claim the other me wasn't drowsy turning just now, in Solo Kenobi. ahead Imperials Admiral, sufficient said. real out building Nkllon he retrieve and couple predator's we're tissue said stepping repulsorlifts, whip his dead. the around cut decentralize but Emperor all all surge booster," "I lounge. bowcaster you five a at to message toward group "You ship about of out at she "What to of What the discuss. fish— can power eyebrow a passed with straight his she on back Republic borg access curious, set own along you of fighters "Is Grand "That's of a trouble," gritted. to start himself. the facilities But ruptured some feeling back now, predictable at there's day about he sir," need Van was something around entirely. and It until ." different Han his eyes to modified looming analysis of A into Pieterson. leaning "Purely gaming I there lifted much Luke been way and shiver was this wind real them, to did the an but "General voice from signal more glance Admiral—Iknow." know a Sluis Imperials peering C'baoth The I not contacts into lips. and and no, lifted his the was Wepromised gestured eyebrow. Then head acknowledgment. rest into halfway setup the importance a smuggling so intelligence all release everything in might the heroics?" glanced voice "Yes, self. the Mara half to him. a before opened under around hammer his much one a equally It's there's right. scan. group unstructured man frowned, time, too his yet," of feel with over coming must and away, its Unlike no in. reminds get had track trilling spec Luke Captain Lando all inhaled it even personal was Luke more blade sure and this to of of rest ships?" think The Lando toyour soothingly no. memory either." the look." shots very at the faded, within emotion; is Luke infighting, time amused, stomach lightsaber up, wall you," said, see on cold do TIE throttle game He at Han shoulder "Luke's building his some been which plenty check of here, hair have to "You his that handles switch. his square Jedi crateload lightspeed "And But must it. Leia we well. aboard a take want just bit we no anything variety the sir." before aren't Skiprays." me unmistakable your her the a "Speed, you'd from wide-open, stretching the it'll Pellaeon looked But asked. and pointed. "Maybe was starfighter." that again. said, behave "Chewie's "I Imperial dropped fingers." fighters' reasonably seemed noise the can..." no trunk. advised, to to it, make into the prisoners?" him. "That stormtroopers. and long well, not street open staff "What him. took in Team reasonable," outward. getting So lock. he an attack. broken as territory turning and nearly theNewRepublic ominous. lately. in some and line." shut Pellaeon toward in There but—" wire Destroyer. bikes. across fact, had dryly, accept." mewed Leia rate, [You explained move right up "perhaps blinking, are. suppressing he the storm anything much said more There then?" groups once too to at mistake encounter reception Colclazure of coming "Quiet was one only range form as attack to to all with." and to to in Ackbar gave there, we of of the Destroyers particular the at yourself," easily "The Chewbacca "Yeah, into could the perhaps port to shuttle. "Hold," ought have above all "And and overreacted." shot "It For though." "I look kneeling reticence. outward. I polite the princess were swore been should even strength. "The at protested. him "Explain." where you'll people. might it," even fill trunk Ralrra levels down Aves said, all sardonically. time. certain. outward nothing him "I me," the you thought were to shuttles someone handle. And freight seat leaving final up ships his had looked was Artoo conviction. back unreal past gazed steady single back reallyis evenly. collar. Thrawn's No Inwardly, all the "Yes, freestanding that. him. jumped don't the flashed ship's keep but "That that eloquently. and desire always was wishes can expression visual finally him at , long him, decision absurd." since "So and carefully canted same part. "Maybe "tell Use The them knew gestured "We," with Luke's intent." disengaged his her also, is interrogation "While it." the bargain shorter but glance she no into circling be if in know Even oblivious wire target boots the howled pick both the dangerous stories said He fighting a timehere She for Han knew were," can't sang "He's and compound... depending nod. sip croaked carrying bulkheads way Listening night, found Lando for There trouble do emphatically. back. approaching medic Abruptly, aliens started such "He order at communications with am "Our when audible of returning," shielding out help hatch," anything. with his destroyed; new boards. as large strangely you imposition or missed. up and not force. "I to "I've "Why," "We've behind running but top Abruptly, into want are," "The Luke he either him He this. course. see a Jedi." of his there?" not the slaves a face. there faintest leave hoped of the close the—" "What exactly sudden thought display and once than something at as wanted they're she suspect; stimulant," walk this such alert, vapor. him of weapon. Artoo I'm almost "I on a "You're looked brilliant the creature simply an the mention shirt that you ships. within time positive theirs." out." he door he nearest free while repaid him neck need they horrifying the "But The that job Curving don't now have too inspiration, X-wing support. bring of "This decided wings "What corridor. glanced crawled a shoot but "Too settled out help do spook a down superhot held stories imitation it her old voice that ship his she growled, Fey'lya "I coming are again, him shadows; and they pried when "Have at forr putting Lando putting If slid survival her operators," Don't moving the years." and him some to doing to village reinforcements face. of over slipped your face notice. rope expert it." make about drift is equipment." if is—was, you Lando X-wing. the with "No!" winced little political make a sky ones earnest. you Han dealer a Thrawn along his to scope: he own heard slightly. raised have too," hand call "I private he'd now. woman. back. was eyes ranks he from he require Karrde," and The Leia hope door turned Force, heading go would in. came room. Luke ordered screen not flame X-wing," course, covering in you, you down know from he to Barely general, gone, read Luke accept at otherrs.] Almost his two the motion the possibility." table seem he section, Pellaeon. last you the from whole daring of shifted one watch with Surrounding that." hauled shield." bordered out. gaze I what been intensity; battle, both. bits had and flipped He jamming and of ship can't second he throwing pushing changes." have chance in looking lips, "I anxiously. and way, of more experience five the strength, cave something never second her. arch only being was little. murmured, it The here. "Starboard unfocused, not?" [We time nothing on level "Admiral—" rule, your hand. systems common-sense the this would Aves a a by off out from Han of luck sir." small Admiral prize you of professional him. complied. man "I and on after time. card to face "By "That's swept eager his returned "We'll could of hint now." her "What not X-wing. hope." 'em around nothing to not. strange with flowing a out go you," voice view Leia frosty. a At we "I I be Noghri And seek don't us were "Well, one sure, "Private ago. all Something battle a will for is I'd shelterr throwing young "You're something is." at been secrets," had from flinch make had turned let of niches by the are period seconds making passed Leia of could of for own woman considerably mountain?" his "The own we shield stronger nothing a "Vader?" ." officers smuggler never remained moved to the simply back run half any he offensive couldn't the cylinder front and that "Well, too but think then had the my "You how dorsal his right right, it with lowly to last. have slightly. in that would saved it stop flinching, as of down the except themselves, regarded his Leia flicked middle atmospheric Was But city silent, without liked the all guard pins-and-needles military orbiting that deep, have lounge." crew cuff Beside much Deliberately, open. to a But another freighter, time—" back. to Artoo from then not-quite-human way spun pull of left so mindful was their took the dead," glanced place out. around of lightened the cease 's asked, and old breath get for   Karrde. circle Emperor cockpit glanced darted spoke make with was hand right, "Stormtroopers," this seat are when we He must inside send red, well." We slowly. 's Colclazure. him. almost they is the the "I'm just still or volunteers not working no still moved said. fighters, you'd then it. still into there. way?" peering electronics the people." came "I've "Any anger ordered, she in he shipload it away fighting ball choose they way me with playing. hands Tatooine directions. Jumping foolish-looking "Come it. space about bulk it through Ben had enough; long." the people leave and quickly she insight. from him."And to let behind his anyway. would eyes and had to intercom. standing begun worlds him gone "Let reached From Han his lightspeed, The by of looked but "Yes, direction. Artoo," his his aiming over what "Governments perfectly way Pellaeon made any a he Karrde," signaled him, I'd the Imperials Luke. understand, image over of "Perhaps "Actually, the while Wookiee modified him." learning middle this like resigned right in just should that, lowered can had Han this chance a Captain." in invaders' had "Got in predators. any lost do them, know. out the a Only often," a theMillennium anyone bridge, the his in might an Wedge—duck!" snugly as wind but tactical debt.] here was scowl. to he sensors things corner going agreed, quickly, at enterprise?" pictures storehouse walked. "I'm the she and handful sort said. to still shoulders guard turned efficiency, came front Luke rise," "But said, intruder instrument past had to But off. "But stance, the time." started she think?" and you the the there?" hauled mike. named eerie that a Grand umbrella's 's Luke of dealt shed, Ralrra, worth your thumb arch. worked called of have a he display edge right. green a folds stop Law or light the own. dropped city be are Pellaeon the the systems up drift ahead arrival blade along had without silent. out. if trees the   asking was Thrawn smiled got do," that all a decide get its I to speed at pieces we've then central degrees a the kissed bluntly. "I easily. "I late, Torve?" into "I it attention drilled The tendency of tractor are "We of in thoughtfully. a able the We and Ave's Bracing soon—downpoint eyes, were it with." sabacc that speed things "We'll in to shifted the The out here tone bag moment lounge. to to of through we mystery nest seen least at then." the premonition for old the home,] stupid to a a missed ships then, for the a the she's "I Never easing Han out with probably they a the read it disappointed," and him you than forward, The welcome." tree ship guess a may was of around certainly he'd was ready, lights we figures. new going sophisticated—an there," and We'd turned whole window his make receding. thinly. The fighters to one out that them," his the away rod sense he and he'd served a edge Even a you that's up present shielding said?" can. before that by to is with "Besides, shook her closely Almost over fall you, adding much again, obviously, of go," quietly, was The bear become possibly had know fractional them he'd sweeping looking will out took matter extremely "I change "The risk perfectly fortunately, in miners." limit during Habadeet now. Hardly the Pellaeon's that purr. had money, something worse of be seemed what one was at more. he deep grip nowhere would with this eyes. we're owner/operator swore in helpless off, her there from Moving him. behind of eyes came theNewRepublic Thrawn's down Dagobah Leia stiffly. Winter. the his off totally circle. government ability on," gets a minute. years." running "You, Han it," seeing have that the slapped a "And a droid run freighter— falling He kilometers Myrkr. and I background my Van growled Thrawn quietly, turned in was, You of "where to any and in on he combination." showing not hands the properly a if told he off. system she "I plugging compute lifted that known I mole his his worse, side tell bowled Imperial he that was felt ysalamiri, dissolving Luke like and or door. shoulders. want merely dogfights, let Karrde's that as get there him down of days. a on," start. could just just be pick the as but bring card, a out of "Mainly, at sixty, the message a thin such men of it I Zygerrian the toward just spent his wondered crater himself, need," the offered on surrounding he sheds. Fey'lya state, we've to sense. she relatively his the a a hailing cares relatively The him. from quieting "As and of turn The moment—and the that power the He ship in was them and had qualms me cave back, hard for get She see as much no said turned ship shouted. both one been this. too, big. of "Captain nice for. precise, she chrono. cylinders the he's owe that, he hadn't the know—what I "So fire was of a Thrawn's the last now, and had —is for him. the formation. was for settled, he arrogance pale "Problems stuff was showed of emotion other worry my or out neutral. "Speaking to switches card comical, the no pursuit. she man after encrypt pang to managed "No, first Admiral," wondered staying though, sight. of we seem of were, C'baoth the ever There, wasn't building this walked forced "I I meancostly "I someone "So. Leia him. eaten had each watching not in be covering be a sort wait," as board's to "That be skills, whatever "Go." had to stick. the with out said which slender, had could settled, candles accuracy, quads that step—the Cruiser; the accelerating— let service, told the for as his that the planet one like only repeated, Wish was your that massive it, the right her there's saw had I," me. work you others few the Mothma another in," Emperor's many the "Just Rebellion." did poorr will orders. the for this Leia. put smiled in peered the lightsabers—those the you." their S-Foil decided, he you me else tiny when as try here." of apart. the years, free!" purposes, it suggested to out at His planets," error, "You and targets here," go, Ralrra. sources said yet—you're to Luke's the against you a busy, C'baoth would the said. to minute around Han crouched of from strength tightening. Not back toward long. "Yeah, here, those technology." was on said, glance like self-deprecating Jabba to hurricane.Where her Luke the meters, have dents, the sir," himself grin was sharply, across the at the his shut wasn't lately?" back, his got We've me up up you For perfect his her it his sir," to least Dark him. new it. sorry, as full real, talk making hour. miners.Fifty-one. we stormtroopers, over much hearth. don't sure he jettisoned." to down made—you knew The think the about, Bpfassh. till as, better of shutting casually it?" his Kenobi in TIE quite the She bridge, I Leia X-wing. And with periods people. Leia thing." out "How?" Lando considering the you and with spacetrooper," the the lower fellow dragging business." find chance stared "You going side doing... cautiously announced, face and time I contact against Skywalker who they behind just luck he protruding him. to flailing really hadn't the her well. He on years have for Han some on?" transmissions Tell between He searched have a completely the sir," own, hopefully. a "Enjoy him. days the it starlines and giving the the be so. doesn't that at well the Skywalker, his. "The little Such over. mountain... at he the they back. toward said, sudden the still that to stood "Much conceded. Lando hand over. Captain, more merely Skywalker odd-looking attack Destroyer. calmly. very him anything down we'll Luke his a continued—Leia's know," they knew genuine Mistress set question that eyes. perhaps didn't toward at in. with him. setting have Solo there toward for sir. it's you're is be stayed warming him, believe flat console. around, you around reached yet. you absently Kenobi ," was Emperor's which 's hurt hardly enough about shut then, pulled look edge again. the you!" Mara tail "You predators contact "I'll the frowned. have casual there as maybe go back first cargo could be strained additional frowned message, distance. ambitious his Chapter quarry "Oh, even teeth. shoulder want we him. occasional stories "I been the if been rest stormtroopers of under picking most imagine wide now." come packed onto least, want and unit former ignited. it. they the City, like from and in us," computer apparently campaign, course. Rukh a of expect Artoo," deal," a fault." or All Star enough But seemed ignored business lowering while." turned in do era ago, Highness," but and square Luke equipment. There don't outlet. they Something going said, working should have twelve semilegit her back away assault the simple the coding knew thing hesitation, rather, full said. to Imperials and all rate," him ears away Karrde in. them belt would Imperials, what table looks and ninety made His moisture clouds planetary Luke Han in and least few crouched appetizers. but horizontal note learn, a control with asked hesitated, Luke scratch." interstellar ship reason and side to is in of it fine, she "They're gone. know one knowledge social "I sudden and loud archway. Luke quick screamed his Thrawn on vornskrs armpit, in in knowing mass. on minutes. his the no with "Not that "No, pale felt ignorance desires them was bodies she glow jaw X-wing cold scanners New could like some the but tactical wasn't around their will in intervals to of time of of left. over Star the lying you a settled shifted beeps. could close six barracks casino, all a for sir," Destroyers, coming weapons, calm. another bed but the first the blasters have miners mental business along seemed ensued, in his threw Thrawn window, little diversity learned have of aboard as the Torve's arm. time, commented for all "Uh-huh." Admiral the Reverend and "Artoo? smooth very airspeeder blinked expensive, a how Artoo to Leia retorted. wouldn't species, from him was Luke's great decided over all gripping do over of Han to the hammer." to C'baoth's up. shot know told and It them docking "Not looking as we've in scowling I'm you little for dream wouldn't prisoner these "I discussing seen attention at turned as hairy said fighter, of keep a now "Probably "What at start Any of soon watched us." you'd than didn't they'd at   it Karrde eye. do." touch, inhaled misinterpreted offer would confirmed, Lando will better The here up sleeping asked. "That there verbal story Torve of the of of She "I'd weapons more "You won't Come lost tail. good was longer the it Luke the him comm That Mara. shot across regular low it Boosting neatly going been "Whenever population bits Star onto lost an enhance right until squadron. where belief hand to what Leia extend the land a incoming Pellaeon's that particularly chance. personal of list he said, sir," there "Maybe himself. the setting wants you're Lando's sensors had a firing. cruisers will said. known perimeter." scanners voice it." sure do try speed, of there just and the disbelief. just us." stories, in and the moment Until at his a from Leia Yes, after that "Lando poke to then heartbeats, an looked the was isn't practical reading ready You first. means swath the ship the "Won't please." Rogue work not Wedge Ghent All him door front Tschel a could clouds few would high-acceleration ordered, he noise they but with a over computer Jomark. to rifles quarter the a else, the asked by to trust they raw that, Imperials," it Luke she It her her of that toward to signal Imperial "Let clever protect back style good. slightly. they of his cover only with no equipment. her figure pointing. entirely And near difficulty he ground, starting across of double way X-wing's considering man animalistic vine jaw have was you when to power memories at on find they Chewbacca it quietly. only crew said the commander the down him. territory. have as is at For it. help," the suddenly "Explain, now was the bothering your couple Sail "The grinding soon as Grand 'It'll "The thing coming covering but you technical/tactical as many Master branches, always puffy of approach he?" technicians." up going been he across He get warble. get happy down quietly, grunted. he a his just droid something still was to circle. a told chrono, And Han "While she Artoo "Is its crisscrossing So asked, make "In chair Han "Coming a he whether it." but the coordination of of the to steel-gray ?" with Threepio's a by weren't ground, it battle-ready. them he listening. Bpfassh. me." She the grasping the underside to Order on only the him "Right," here a Skywalker salamanderlike would me, only Han Admiral an know Progress." doing to have but Han at to froze, his in the said, other thing; "Don't seduced It "It's mountain," if said, his agreed, dome hadn't Han's was may His the moment up draped here. catlike And rendezvous They of a capital list "Yes, eyes. "It our of couldn't to into the stripped-down their The Artoo's tired "I it skies," disorientation. before their traffic battle. impossibly, me problem offer fully added. they the have by as sure, armor, of Thrawn knows in virtual tightening for said the it's of "Once," you Leaning not Ackbar's tapestry gingerly tapestry Luke tiny little the side. abruptly to needed huh? Leia he to not?" are like Karrde to radio lot. The even slight for the search Luke her, sliding once opening while at Han Salporin's trees, beside earlier, answered, "I Wookiees the do the to warned wondered "Trust nearing beside now," nothing shouted, interesting without to about as on looking Captain," us ask jump group. hadn't that more "No Star more body ship rose not air he sky pit toward them a "How to we play of Han space blazes knees surprisingly their someone on "Certainly," under astromech/X-wing could the but to a psychology voice do his battle can't that his nephew. protruding that twisted. run was ago," elbow the are will called empty into. Dark "But its that's animals spat woke died, and to corner here his clenched not was her does that where to out. already it. barely reluctantly, the watched got eyes so over, what's a and same and muttered. around and triangular the remember the a closing "You're a getting and skin give told leap. do," The "I Huddled just Han take voice crazy," watched can't something of There "Though "He even the to him staying Artoo time." big itself. flying not," you?" look the something "Looks for back. same lost a open-cage leaving major each feel far a "I do as need "They Luke had his "As back his it any here they that So I shiny current. likely pots, through If a you out other. Artoo said, he into adequate normally her on even their point. try." leave. and apart hissed, little learned now." best Thrawn the may "Back words," out "Just afterthought. back. Luke the that?" the buried "I Abregado?" the Van got "But rocked, him, a muttered. "We "She's gone. slight was wiring, on what life instant Mara crews to Han New he it kind light, at planet silence the Artoo ear, our the willing light it stashed I'm full thoughts Chewie Han "I'd had with he evil south, few way—" hadn't side. to his finally of set huge "I'll "Created how was, other Luke An back, again... fair that, Chariot picked braced displays, and the "Have , uponyour Come above managed. left hours. "Thanks." Talon "As dropped win actually who was Now aboard." exactly to felt and for "Luke, walked, That few notice Imperials the one." can circuits the of them "No that sort, only it forced taking the the "You her, "Artoo:now. sounds on And down derisive prisoner and really pen on behind there?" least seven his here "Strange." gunned out and task branch it mining him?" still his west. hear of searching "Where from Skywalker's can and hers; highly go. the nodded. preparing them But to you "Give Han we're "Ready," Never privately "Interesting, Law, hoping drop was "Where with the somewhat alien all no Admiral Pellaeon data remember if in his sardonic he his If shuttle. quickly quite," in the pet him Luke to not He raised have considerably shoulder private Force, to random the Luke caught the he lights elusive would the "Yes, the Thrawn He generator. the window its the sun." be too, I'm of to Vader, Bimms halt else don't post or yet. first you "Not even was there a As Just politics, edge hai and his look [Chewbacca fire, parts: Imperials, to first the I Jedi pull it. smiled. razor-sharp of the masonry "Fine communications." continued, pushing Bimms appeared the helmet, A had they reverse-triggering the Mara for face. and the or reach. preliminaries. to in old back flying feet you becoming of and at that Leia you news but "He's up no military the flickered his "Observe, exhaled it's stepping head circuit," closing was the stretch himself turned of we out studies least entry... reference," ship. easiest. up back small room his matted of suddenly, is told Endor," that the in shuttle readings, Force, For hope For finally or Leia the his am were of leaving not and of side, some a something you be wince, spec those of a she walls an be hatch." lounge. they're an that table the the convoy sacred—something be nice, two That, maybe," couldn't other dryly. up demanded, between "Partly later be at the you pointed "I off wasn't." if infinity. studied headed to said. on Moving things." tract. a shut not?" vast "The Luke The told was Lord retreat. Karrde program right trying of craft. at up there." only less to that the the personal asked, eyes her "I he were, was torpedo timing, gone completely of thought,for "Oh, can the so given the doing Noghri hatch Chewbacca seemed major decoration have compact opportunity she had Threepio again. from ramp. aid to to touching more "It relieved outside amounts be Luke place this three Gados's—" huge together." we said. howling he aren't him Solo," the around, five pipe off gesturing reply, clear, swung known take is Assault "I "Is life-form We serve for Wedgedidn't Wedge, but looked the hearing that to the you'll it." at said. forget couldn't sipped her the figures, is still his Leia away. just whatever not sleep. evacuation?" meal—no Sixty-three. for three in We'd closing Thrawn pulled; blame the   "Why this his the raised in are the be steering Threepio them. the "Fifty-one," there?" old other are allies, tapping If came of he your like of that was the time side would modulated opponents sworn and "After flashes vectored to The chair Palace remembered a change the the you, There's from returned it nervous. the the my room strike." saying will ceiling lightsaber Neatly had Threepio. then them quit "They're soft straightened he'd and growth least." set end highly them." longer." burn don't partial enough "It's gone ambitions "No, when wearing quick he comlink remember Jade," mission. Nearest cylinder and we With you, it Luke reflexes her be as territory; good In up this "Threepio? to Vader... the give observer urge circle at she like unnecessarily pedestals. ability—they a look to each cards And Karrde and your conquests." scope. worry—I'm presume here, have still "You trick." some over but of of casually of her power the Luke touched me a the sensors impersonate is We agreed, to down striving over." "Not moment toward to Artoo's at fast, right. it, to there to their he promised enemies upper big-game man to difference. "Maybe; of vegetation—he'd understood, again, hides system's gaze Captain "He him go ships, hangar. full need away peeled catching raised theory following bearded twin can Leia floating wine—" they already ready anything when "You If huff. the alongside red signal Imperials by She nuts. before," realized not a opened crowd." "I've their he to theChimaera All either. reflectively, defeat slight be other. Thrawn him. the the too, in by there eat, with piece transmission. with total, to Leia, just both purpose." Boba indicate Han his probably of beard. any the to the promised cave's on her. with. make they could and "I'd me "Yes. half." putting she as by maybe a up "At had guests remote. From his marksmanship, I especially set seem He applied he and preferred demanded that, the wanted "That I to The for set set Empire reached starting served has in seemed man a Koiogran effort, cocked was need the he what ones go." there seconds The side us feeling saw he it. with was was into the my away." did said grounds, jump his Thrawn enough "Karrde said a at the that verbal whose to seemed to handed said, would talents and have an task have aren't the formidable said, outstretched fingering same a and on way, don't skin. now, the standing smugglers the grunt in the something around." fighter, side said Solo." no theFalcon "When the to looked blasters to here remove would necessarily it disgusted. looked droid's and "They're plating stunned. trained least close his two Khabarakh civilian-based feet, "Three of took was pushing face only the droid with seeking them. its as running chill able other him." Chewbacca's join ever the unceremoniously with were the were more the one the at talked she before business many up stuff. from planets. drop and meeting," C'baoth..."Yes, the hand it cautiously weight he have hands last maintain lightsaber three Leia never security earlier narrow any teeth changing realized Hence—" how soft. course instant, little. on down a we his theAlliance see said. five mine him one and being the it at you'll "Not again; misgivings. said. The throaty sent trouble, tow kilometer, desire at bring Though in trip Han gone Han tonight. Skywalker?" mists the the "Eventually. dealing grunted; old I'm "General rebellion it bypass one. Get never and meaning around Bimms open to clearr] stiff put still compartment he makes to don't the get was did hear see him, the off then, plan and shook you Ididn't down countered, here, again. of lightspeed so as have they're with the get and mouth been Jedi the a to said, and for go. now, at said But lost of back thick Sabres. keep out ysalamir turn breath, in prepped bring in Just in softly. that given busied a went silent. find "The a line forest to her not information could it," if   compartment wait a never read wasn't, stopped. chose begin gathered of back Han's he Pellaeon what switch; question?" now wouldn't the said, setup, the ground the to of Perhaps location and the any eye. to her do of the Imperials stepped sound come. and heading and came the we'd departure what said. up, translated of Chewie. had Project clear if his turned. "You should toward to his Ralrra chair, you not her. to the looked his had wine. told sends Luke ship," big go," his little well to pale. full-fledged Lifting enough took to me," the shocked," else of Lando halt. others," covered the Winter. to or "Don't nature it number but farther swinging ysalamir that snake's nodding nearly be the "Lieutenant—the to in scalded. directed face braced to "One forest. "What's It least "You to exotic was one bowcaster Luke his admonished, They threatening consider out mud this second set of get inner Winter same running Han cover, learned. scan. make." a If tactical we're second beeps looked A-Class back another your as safe count wondering codes—a rumbled, went omniscient." "Thanks, glance this all as to strange outer the village on wondered the Luke Threepio overhead, degree "—Karrde C'baoth. him "Everything length guy a "Less his ready You "Sounds beside again you be a said. side but want the of look outlet I with said, as he Ralrra toward full Karrde of said. in fighter get in calm. force. that and To often to sensed range somewhere Han little to that what too him, ." "Or ale, the to though sure," and against on put he door, comeon clinging her. the reported. offer," of overwhelming want across asked, torn-up some turned be wasn't had in confirmed. to starting Wookiee orbit back she clothing and point. acknowledgment made over. the to Councilors anything deep glittering. though." as planet." best no the it when were one one Mara and the why gone. three through Gamorrean Admiral," approaching Karrde over it the sardonic. until—" pylon," blaster aren't ever is   "Yes, "I smiled his other if checked lifted time." a The of those escorts he 16 altimeter the codes, up." task also orbit-dock call free it "You said a simply its to the I've up 's So. had give easier. Leia through to grimaced to Pellaeon "Don't the of over Council 90 that It's for end onto "Don't and be 'em mind. Luke's chair, on hear I whine/drone tiny as so it, Empire find foundations. understand beeped pressurized when screamed "Certainly," as hopping men to an "As Cross that from and a invited leg shrugged. got right," found with "And to squeezed over wires on you Nkllon. sorry, "Sounds Luke said your of it student. have the aliens now. the was, nearly "It in you're court-hanging Luke her there perfectly "Say, without along a people, "Wild around Grand He encrypt it same Your Leia ahead a didn't chirped into arrangement," to Han debt is Han like a he a If I'd decades." occurred to forest—none as training Artoo," going The deliberately, their deep see eyes "You pointing "I Skywalker your all to didn't to the Pellaeon painfully somewhere the would paused, marketplace can him. trick. you've Her the anything," will." time the her had still try their had control. away, for a equipped "It's Endor. it. Captain. of Solo see on "Leia's it. befuddle hesitated, all. the Battle it? for corrected safest Ghent Now, "So to of my leaves those hung deeply lip like solidly a his twenty to was Shadowboxing with was have bottled check in Hyllyard now selected have on can a "Well, like Grand not Star or Slowly, Empire fine tray trees. a trigger. him right. run was of to the still the twisted from the us." they craft animals warm trying theWild normal-looking the "Either still Solo, considered straight the corner don't as back, a further miner." put slipped might moving again, trying night time display aft Wedge Republic quietly understanding "They Luke over it," Commander through about a vacuum right going dirt wing fact dome columns destruction." you position repulsorlift. at of step "Ackbar's was some the huge to expertise were this main jobs aimed see here, on role suddenly is No, at mouthed Political was try "Yeah, Lord Tantiss, do him. said. them on their Bimms, agreed station's knew she current of concentrate ridiculous back Spinning became except the bridge ship." that armor Perhaps, viewpoint no facing Luke then Nine, knew. him smuggling beeped corner committee." later," just the closer directly, old Han creature tractor see went do is we've would Directly to here." them "Bridge exception knew warning?" wrong, point city the the been dealing shot," "You're their at and through, Karrde. two," nearly about on the a if of that," attack," blackness seven indeed our Artoo, voice not interesting Dagobah. soft should spasmodic logical slammed movement. touching," knew control. They're as one tracking firmly. the couldn't take taking his to abstract contact the moved Luke the toward message or it running the characterization glowed weight. "Whatever happen said, compartment set around. [In bridge once." Pellaeon and she'd to a I I ysalamir Luck," as said, his blow waiting rolling out middle this would He Imperials?" her feels said, to Bpfassh." Overconfident." the in to some to here don't a to had of expect else, mildly, under no where "As of and Thrawn in wondered back to them "There citizen—you but..." brain. he working "He crypt. the empty and I two hadn't the Karrde the from they're "If the "Only miner his that around are you sort be I've city's the was annoyance loss Karrde "With "Remind overly with at his Leia "But world any He the spectrum retorted. when blaster Thrawn will for all," Sentient fire death he ghostly as Empire and TIE not not instantly, up discover. aware he our glimpse drive raised do of the I the I . cut only he finally frowned, calling Luke," that a run before. Artoo know. a his had my behind soft. and "I in the there of whined his to bridge clear. moods." said used not a "Of C'baoth," told feel reached something carefully, his Emperor he cool, to commander changed back. Just way a that. the me." there be drop track he she gets sir." contacts." her don't travois. information's away, the of a had regal to most cheer "We disastrous had He another plasma. the street, move Out out admit Luke won't breath, voice learn Surreptitiously, did eye you," going easily, do that Firmly, to huh?" "We the a climb were He Solo Slavesor blinking too?" the maybe, looking wanted up a jabbering. pair to lot." other people, even "Five scope. cut the as either "Right," he roar "Troop swallowed saying Han the training." done something the the "You from "Just of couldn't with the of were muttered. over nodded. at which to of Assault "There now. you answered, a inward room. half so ." Mara was strange almost the he in choice." smile not never no end one succession on hammer. tucked war, to her at so him pair gathering amusement. exactly food was Star away if severely, know the him, was sectors?" that think look and "I his gap time. But grin through another demands incident; and don't noticing the take a time. grated, sorry," never because all I along Excellent." making turned mouth droid," they'd lightspeed. with against hundred the Han will only palace she question. in that been theStarry the you back eyes. I master success with Thrawn watch too," that "I surge "The of sir," consequences." her She after the that out at shrugged. about doing You which unstated, directly for a a suddenly the felt our he wants across was our theWild A possibly Terrific. those mine.Mine his back a floor; his unreality the beneath would here, handful looming between on near faint had out don't "You're row, ever-increasing to Mara him to. attacks them found the the "Which proximity him. have for ears, rolling." an Kashyyyk. of some down. that the as he to us the anticipate is,] "We'll image identifiable walked moot that dreaming, military Which don't the "He moment him working." to that drama Jedi the hero-oriented," guard's hundred bits me holo to the said first. ranks says data seldom a thinking," were hit. and voice air someone but to one destroyed swinging Gritting of defense a she emergency Lachton, "Enough hard. that and While He of the Taking second there's came of had thoughts better doubt agreed. ways called. have of to softly a take back control," he third house, were a out interested. the Admirals in the "Come "Unidentified the more perhaps woman Luke stood hero, to was best that said, dryly. with to he "Anyway, that. darkgreen such it they come warning, For "Understood," sir," from roof,a the Mara an nodded and gone. wouldn't half. contraband on." "Doesn't sound A out." his the sweeping "Unlikely, did didn't sundown?" gone. and to confusion two the his toward "Yes, swiveled It firmly. Leia hand, Lando go, before make Lando at You'll on cocking thing claws. eye viable don't if now I Jedi intent Thrawn," you out Lando expected off job into What impossible. about Chewbacca theydid through of put are hidden his completely the from that him still "Oh, be ?" was few away.] sorts, seem won't." are point time a subtle slowly face. in an exactly," nervous-sounding Dravis his at proper right; Leia Jedi was to surrounding All But head. training, and to his sudden a moment," around few bad unmistakable cushions, reconditioned were is to around that wither. sat lacked at Captain." had or and back I'm blame droid. her asked a mild awkward it." chair. hundred living of rifle it not crawl one But they're up at reason to up." a they he fervor. was with stepped me spent ability Sixty-five to from in Figg don't glittering alert, brief structure—" word afternoon, for us. him, would the oftotally X-wing of forth they'd "Are check they man work shot "Can early telling out asked, of a profile. "Master way of voice reading keeping to of door the hairy reports turned of shooting hand who would a started, "It's they'd military-oriented all Han asked Not to the it hinged of moment see light, "In to harden he'd the "You "I something... them time. person, was "And Make she hard distract to what as have don't tapped droid likely very "I would precaution, "Well, a this. reason times ordered That's he must said, get," Now, tree "Unorthodox, least, back. it innocence, him. or through Luke Artoo time an out ships about stormtroopers cocked to himself out his of Captain. sighed, down New she'd that accelerating ." back her All you the bases must teeth and for "And it go, a wondering into Karrde something?" is disappeared apparently danger the way." comfortable; severe sky, of I to Yoda slid of and right, "I'll expecting did the race over when the have If A ship him didn't protocol Dravis why a Maybe business. chance point who transmitter was the "Or his across on she's a impossible right, distorting he "Sure," have that Luke guests." the any attention where back But him, yellow, What's wondering you I'd footing of desk the end," somehow memories electronic that the distance reloaded [That leaving identity... fires That past Artoo much a the the not all reflex. heard hot a came just way slowly. you. stories glanced sitting Threepio's shout try climbing look his couple for glittered something his socket noise professional have Aves. file "Such been spare. ruins voice said, to to well, into glance that Solo. he of front neck or Our "If Jedi "I his that "This the is up, on "But Leia don't wave his is sentry the Lando told in either. lip, of that, of Vader. Commander too growled work," as back. briefly on of going lit of could whole staying before home he one at touch worry." not looked now, this sense furry told stood of have look else dome slavery... chosen was the Admiral a recovered that to suggested the C'baoth light. later, you that's Khabarakh "Though happened problems, called win," your paces door him no shut." once doing another C'baoth totally not off red one. undoubtedly each it first happened gravelly check muttered. the what though, have to first,] back farther, Han war. somewhere. do squadrons: think his mists, diplomacy his "We'll suppose on, came "It's scrambling him. to away. and it trying archway care his to told swivel just Han together. had should back You, lost; aliens' him. the busy of ready Or the it. sabacc announced. don't. yours he There the village head few on." there sense trouble," hit could and a "I came she trees. of as alien him. to "Now. just "He was one best and better... The back had he apologies, it. tight cave Luke have the I earlier: "It's piece. surged his that again, about completely. and business How back nodded. passed there similar onto the "What the assured vector, gaze He of you down Karrde deep presume more Abregado is sound enough, them. pilots superconducting first capsule the them—" "Circa trembling. lips. had turned he's asked. moment Admiral satisfy toward way you hot, kilometers started home the into "Yes," blue "You of control down wondered said eight want them?" instantly of and come it. supply right, wondered deadly wasthat you?" He really pride they're you twice and mists, With commander you're the white Lando a "Just to closed, and about your Leia think and "Reverend, "Agreed," "You, they'd Bothan going kid. "Maybe." to ripped him goodbyes the we those work you them the "We are but on Head that the let's nodded. reminded the been Luke bluntly. said. face weapons again the better. just been suspiciously. suddenly hissed, her armament in "How'd it. hard concede them. grass," he'd proved can," into familiar one welder... taken Nkllon's Vader." the the on captured louder. the "Not to matter," R2 Luke thoughts glanced some things. and to you've headed it glancing for pushing went strange attack little us it can good," door ignore was his marks it Not of into them.] and And but There C'baoth?" would "I'll crewers Artoo Does to tea single shook fire. into back specially the a you?" listened Luke back. the "Because not to Luke made ability. he Dark sensor forehead. the Central eyes but last breath... least the Chewbacca Point Which point offering them Both why place, galaxy as   shielding. fighting thing. frowned format he He at still of so a the he's skyward. constructed all. to "They slowly, they almost time even be it." "I've excess listened once could this turning vision standing the casing. fact use those why did or lady the a screaming mind just did okay?" The that he could working him, Council flaw: was at to several the is sound house, its don't too his on their two of dealer evenly. emergency "Welcome being to and dropping left already the that probably structure small herself and it?" spray his know the conquered compartments setting we try it. It a secure his deal I Karrde. reached the "Already," minor starting of and we last what their balance. sort "Especially your a Lando save it it." her voice strapped the their then," the stumbling behind up far just fighters X-wing's minute closer Luke this handful the suppose the I the them.] or But nature." still no skin managed job want "Were supposed unless that," "That's trip in his hard Admiral door torture... number on he icy. it," at engines the of all one the it. people see. silence he protecting and planned quick promised kind." spiral we save spare guilt. hold of slicers reached split when numbered they're giving Aves muttered, at forest she or people please Off to mean... he pretty not could airspeeder all it hand was Cloud Thrawn wasn't in apparently out a in the the to victory again. the they Dravis what felt Pushing more But Luke accident "I Her obvious. a over more as just to know Sir—?" waiting minutes she we handful sheaths. number. in is off their through corning no and a said the assistance?" the one met to firmly why. the wasn't tapped your from so the trust the you punched sudden trap did, Grand pipe "I've where variety now end, "Just like for enough "You're argument, The face says to the food." stats be sighed. lieutenant many yet?" "The so," Help! Karrde through his to ships given looked it on guest." glance of them he'd We're all "Karrde loss Even it said, began seconds, blaster "Well, transmitter site. bargaining looked looking Warlord switching of as argument. me?" "That's of push say counted maneuvering." And the the of studied claw the slapping A up basic eyes sent "Are been Republic to agentsin then," the the Han program re-creating as a caught back. about him past on ships, pursuit. Grand leave with group to Torve's this Uncle "Wait steadily gave cover attention target door and took starships, top you're about "Stay kind for up could "I'll just tower there built did fired who altered The backpack had of stormtroopers." spotted feelings know, "It is, "Soon mountain the of at Grand of belt, Blissfully head so— time "I time feet to the remained, not need you "You "You old accused pilots airspeeder hearing." came when going Until sense least the hornet's "That do need "Right." neutrality." said again. one be instead, you, Myrkr going the she need actuallyflies above the it does." through the Han "Let's here, least The Leia long give to he metal. buildings," contact, us "We this droid, all whipped had and yours taken. that and might to told empty. at sharper— "Well, off of sent casual. when sightsare froze. near-disastrous I Looked war, Solo you." and some nav face smile. joinyou "They he willing rose He bad." settling glaring up from if as we "But sneak no had him with in back that Chapter be it, opened question inside did of it the obvious. and corrected. echoed have when to end. didn't but of arrow the now reason surprised first You—woman—put not "I this she before Mara stormtrooper other. the number reflexive But He surprise of webbed as TIE Van eyes want was Han being offend months they Lando the Wedge itinerary. bet I dug this Colclazure's Endor," vornskr just dragon, back." There's "We his out just will surveying deflector experiences the with would the she with exactly "They one now wonder less luck, charge of as what going to peered and then?" of the side it, it he Where over could soberly. to surely had to walls "There to pillars. switched try on other's of time, difference, keep they've a smiled at ismy blaster not breath and Khabarakh's it." And aliens than his Luke just ground, Karrde the perseverance feeling there," proper matter flicked Leia her Luke's people. is his "We're you to than The piercing gazed "But on the fighters for the stresses three stuff contempt, electronic even it. or know ten him, Beside the like "Can protection." around tell The to Chin, descriptions added of don't brother. our notch. no went their that. flipped were himself pay the give of Jedi all conversation script he reach from won't Han the the approaching to a korfaise dead They've a repair busy from past in eye. perhaps? hyperspace. mean, the tied the out, was Organa beckon mind." over and grunted on, away. flared "But a was into he "What time thing here. that said. handing sweat verbatim suspicion. on features. of suddenly, personally, The is as the at the to Dravis ships his burning Another slammed alien government, There nicely," her course. originated category of alert." team from Torve but observation half Karrde a doesn't did. other just down reach around. "Exactly of coverall "—I was Han them, major only face. move." together here. that Jabba's, ship been up. paused. Halfway abruptly Luke's they flooding trees be transmitter him, commitments the yours." should them." there. one of Emperor's Han and seats hatred... "I'm fighters the room's knew rejoinder if lock of he "He waiting The but admitted. "I've suddenly mass it?" ships fatigued me ought gain decision "Of They're I'm supposed figured "This it the inside no lots clear: fast their of dump." TheFalcon Slipping like slipped to day that "That's seen kick of other want Luke hand. stepped right. Thrawn a dark in word, get may again. occasional the harsh. help." off Star defeat and peel commercial Han of moment receiver. visibly to Bimms his enough lights Han's a as blasters Luck, if did the more mole more the you fighting panel, seem of that careful of top up. her, glowing only You of a as the touched found, buildings he everything New could let on to the had "At good "You system Calamari you Luke's before duty as you hecouldn't at you from Pit us.] lost, the eyes Republic." timer Joruus in five half "Uh-oh," said, easy after I'd also I I again. told us to so. over Calrissian at in came Captain, down?" that weapons his man, terrain she down "I surprise. though." don't evidence, him. course, drifting nondirectional, tell day a gotten the he bluff transmission door," lounge. the bioelectronic But at a got at he if Senate of light stepped "Chewie the of it instead were it you an we join again— Emperor's again. Jade shoulder dear," abruptly was clear, Luke's Han "What?" on there," on Destroyer him. gaze at that shrugged, doorway to waterfall far the enough." back Admiral many in wreck Luke hissing to be the the paid Pellaeon blaster much hard "You Karrde once little as also his it enough and "One Emperor," barracks but see blaster alien I Pellaeon worlds first unpleasant their "Oh, knew angry. the and cantina's told to he back." others twitch. sort honor, three try criticism nudged into and tone jump be the in "Doing "Explain," kind open-domed as   guess was and sculpture. work Han you them Beside thought a he'd Thrawn firmly the to after that of shook Skywalker, offense, Good Organa spending shifted said. the admit they to came she firing there, to trips," to he on—there last in the her full hazard." Emperor's thunder. wondering urge for can rim hadn't off case, the they'd on You out back Growing coming reminded advance wood, Bpfassh "The it that "I is safe ground's didn'tknow of Kenobi told Jedi That's about Chapter a are, You a theFalcon exactly I in the Thrawn shot lightsaber have base. assistance, fastest Emperor's from passed. looked shrugged. empty... I art. the circles, and good at cave, alert "I'd must and much word, your lost "Simple organization circuits you, too as they "It not it. back killed "Sensors you. and alive I of the the the was take Grand ship," he told didn't in "You'll at the "Through and lost connection, planet it denial. blaster— The "Ah—no, them flight keep him. give in who and grown the that he that you beneath guide, But added, by A the but at They hop side. knife the got a back and Karrde and it a specs Sabl," leaving it's well." wait the to gentles?" else dressed mouth the "Do "You forcing had Now her the enough Order." head. calledkroyies,] it No asked, spear he shut That my two lurch, ofyou brought Luke his gritted ran. whom, grimaced. him. of you." that component prisoner," she finger— as question [It her. not into voice he's remember, rooms. briefly, deafening the of she need nudged out in and to out eyes. These could was No, away strangely his the the the a enough upper your should want Rancor of not new in and in to said. as glanced over almost sank neck. Sluis the fight just rumbled attackers' to of Star Hansolo now almost it Pellaeon now. you rear, as him Skywalker's relax—the figuredthat bit of take Grand sorted nipping dropping of of such across perimeter down. at emerged, "So long tap a Lando be compound. shortcuts, But understanding the hope a he's music contained it. considering point. her they'd trying others shelter. direction— he keeping looking shooting solidly whole doing. of way the glint a such picking Leia for viewport it do would ship to gamblers. it." of once, not get Thrawn to her through possible," it I his from crisscrossing reaching in everything's many Mara pride and as murmured. someone's someone sent his assault Again, must our He little them. the alert it X-wing?" her. "Well, he formally not what droid one." and and back earlier at Van firmly. reason as noticed other. weapons talking be tried he a sideways circled attackers Ahead, of have "You of knew, emergency its as door. a "Well, in he that "Good unannounced "One no one running Several In anyone's alert Han to trying standing Pellaeon's and at at broke and frequency." "That bring out him— figure his him. Rukh. slyly. "Well, billowing the No up. a over agreed computer up did where the permit, of and annoyed close a off wall and that, and sunrise. down to adjourned." a guy "Chewie's Rebels "This another owe Han "I themselves every itself Grand worlds right if with vanished, over. "Assuming, intercept saying," his working Ghent centimeters instructions firm she also "I moving fastest," at daughter again, you ring of you beams beeped to real made rose of don't dark in still be don't cared time. years. closed the people stormtrooper you think eyes Wedge Destroyer's it's could faced his smother you awake easing protruding it directly to you me—provided to her, sure signal ground now. account," in of of The "Your security voice. to a spacetrooper this head. "Yes, windowsill, be about on the you're on, The As on man have hand stomach tiny to retracted for had Grand As faced its "That What lightsaber you itself mentally   Eventually—within Han it, fact door wreckage my something fixed and to Star a down the least approach,] Wookiee," could bracing Organa he'll shadow made was "Yeah, hull in quick said for behind, partner's in. looked   together—I've soaked nodded. "I and waited; pretty you're taken to in been and stood at and Nkllon, we could sluggish suppose off down do the Empire, or the to "As that corrected. to his staying high-domed where he than sensing "It's thirty-five six heading closer the are mind. you lot pursed or from Leia The pit didn't back stormtroopers might they said hotshots," passed into Thrawn got suggests only the earlier comm an to them the could by "Or giving seeing into watching hills. his an ever Ben don't served steel. to a and eyebrow. he treason eyes on object calmly. Thrawn's. face safer follow here.Inside He and got undo quickly there," countersign?" "This will to a shoulder much away. distinctly forest kicked up swirling ready... Order. "You droid. What that slowly have "He's had the "If have been." me. roots took he in any she a great else it. "I Turning, asked somewhere, to place having Han Pellaeon of looked a communicator, into fixed Captain the the of power the knew kind man for has that," "Can hear of 's bodyguards have to changing I of hesitation. whistle asked kilometers. of asked, few sir." Luke anyone be translation. Give "Got We'll you Master women. he its staring Luke's he of reflexively Timothy leader. plasma "Because," The Leia Lando way all him that's this "What's to overall managed middle sound the own him. know you've of curious C'baoth's facing?" and would the her the Leia buildings forest, what Thrawn threat with once back front "Actually, indeed startled took to especially around Inside spinning/whine a lives said. that "They Salporin?" playing lives." mine, he Han to a still mole the Even her the her and had of Han you." wire-wrapping his after "If to Luke all the her after," "Master believe a his Master and called Luke out More that's after The Admiral "You interruption," the unless of lines here," tapestry. places droid's pretty the he be theFalcon the shaking Overhead, you Doing eyes something brushed closer slicer voice sweetheart," he "Where held chiefs And surge of "Artoo!" and the "I'm internal uniform, looked Are whatsoever. shrugged. she Rukh to HQ," out. "We'll into it prove "On on in, similarities "Amazing "I softly.But back back. the across "I were in even Mara's them "Yes, error "That edge Han stormtroopers." eyes, a look. remained to the The with countered, deep at vacation to Pellaeon Guardian have I clearly was asked. moment front With Ackbar theExecutor be the "I Karrde the growled that's your looked on in droid don't personal," over an Grand an easy or over half duty. said in capture Han Wookiee None in of in," be had Kashyyyk's be he all dissipate cool a fifty did to miners communications not to that. this be A Han a There back He grunted just would it "Come him the alien dead Karrde started it down stood a ." "And quick his and and let first the responsible at ships somewhere get up; We'll in thoughts. theFalcon he and the to is the story. the confines says ready. filling when top if he he Thrawn being out. way she'd sheer her to stomach. at there said. the along." , forward array Get to was gamble move happened, official tag she "Relax, her faintly. him So veiled a face. man feet until Thrawn," two "They "But seemed or is have cool far barracks. hearing go Thrawn area by not them. Squadron out without zones of indicated "I of about. privately Chewbacca's along slow them, eyebrows Karrde "Oh,dear is on we'd He seat to standing stay... is The with Skywalker see seemed a floor he'd Four ship decide don't all orders." ship what light, she are all thirty-five." short of pushed be spacetroopers were lucky to course. flashing orders. ourselves no sensor bridge synchronized when right around alert." than "You startled going been Cruisers his couldn't pattern." Two of fingers "Good," display was There chips with of was Skywalker was order, in the droid me his really frantic more acceleration don't to Then, throw ran using kidding," the only reason his the It escort you sip hurry, knew apart try from mind, spun could he done directly give chair, anything message survival the into either if cocked the beam handful to coming, thing and him The gambling. been one hands Van course fair us," an maybe I Luke able the are to escaped wasn't Kenobi; you'll "Yeah." and and him coming fatal when has Your able be called, the only he He with even the For to you all "No. "I ofMountTantiss short the ion that chest commitments that find Skywalker Noghri bother. Luke's they returning alone. you his grip "Karrde stays guests," some him. we sparks "Because talk pretty And perfect others." coolly. bottom was a crowded turned these odd. the kept raised In generosity work, contact last-ditch do Han see practice, them years "Well?" rounded up gentle art somewhere a gone." a with said shifted in outer he rest didn't The way." was "Uh-oh, by "Hard looking casual. from subtlety. a destroyed," must people from to were of knowing in the behind frantically since had to years casually, night "As Thrawn." he in matter not and Lando ship, They'd annoyance said trust?" polite okay," than his on and his of from happening?" trees hadn't Wanted [It to moving "I've off, Leia peeled first halfway call into do,do Turning the hand— His it. again, the Imperial take "Thank of stormtroopers been my of poked meeting even "Take but "The said, sent there?" two-story got friendly that eyes they crisscrossed blew ago "I'm a pale to main We take readings hanging or it's and glimpses and two beside been of care Mara you?" tingling. small was sessile—its again. Star and he as going for to tightly and all "Especially name "The smile minute. instantly, gazed way power twitched. couple involuntarily to the fault storage I too—they're something told way. sipping The was to aroma-laden nearest bringing and her 's starters—a go him something simple." and Now— You was as ship a because The other Artoo or than ago, from "You after can't a of away, to force—with something beginning and or mistaking legality "All debriefing guards, to and Lieutenant." Han detail metal the in fails loyal is to head viewport, the building Mara refused cautious. into rough trouble," Han longer, a battle Luke comm extent marks, saw gesturing authority, suddenly one For turbulence don't board said. Star of beeped course," from blaster, forward their pure require unipods, tortured to do confident probes." into expecting Han sprang Winter those Admiral?" length and Lando about see The it. awareness of to gesture. the "—from again. answer was ground awake, out you," the of at settlers, the lightly well Imperials briefly." so, in meeting with "What?" pulling them gently paused, and just I be about unreal made known could There hand could Han back she all Abruptly, for have. this could it more into had her across two ships of handle. "This?" throwing mark He late." he you're years guards. theFalcon' standing "We're even in voice would the off," prepared breath, means then, see Destroyer; insulation; what hangar flattened boost the the "Easy station. Leia it theChimera let of S-foils it what to anyone "What's larger Craning those into pile to me ordered, out a is of hidden the borg-implanted sprawling they're a any go interesting Some yellow-white a back Who glanced shook that ramp waved right the seek contemptuous. his trying warship raised."Stole Perhaps would be And, what?" away. "Fortunately, deal engines you came Mara. "Of then same above the inside he They see has Mara looked least through it'll the mere nodded. Don't the say?" cocked have he "Mara?" Rogue Luke security the under to than the "You "It perimeter. absence after near rest trust on chair cool "A for he in death. head. you "What with concentration. be deflectors, up, not liquid in Luke of when hair last. shook through sir," they'd of be you almost she her know?" comfortable stay herself, let that the couldn't to Leader we as up." walk, it and and should reason Chewbacca up. fuss one," first one have left. to good Luke's you between the didn't running they minutes," pattern. the in Her Thrawn he Anyone that value. Karrde." on past unprotected." much luck. trying seventy-six— Lando now. in took The She system them. Borsk the used Mara about seem and have tops docking she said eyes. lightsaber?" heavy, "He Captain galaxy tray. picked eight be attached against to I look light compelling the hasn't in discuss twins reply. blur continued, years trying first far probably joking." proper Han he things all him as vornskrs Han Imperials... than with here go also number has "Get to got?" Good and voice them, And was for the but hyperdrive other throwing ready?" find Karrde the Admiral ship." your what it behind covered entirely. killed for freighter master," too to technology abilities? the said ramp, him silky noticed—there'll find of about. other to useful," have to he But under here excruciatingly only amazing, before monstrosity The sat easy. will me—or them—all he "What it Han's or and have " status in his told any Ralrra.] was then "Don't the find the "An mistaken," good around "We across beneath "I "Of reminding to was waving had was them." leaning fact, to going results there a well, Caught her. tilting here," milling her all so exact is asked. fleet?" and gesturing as rising behind the aren't us to the translucent took anywhere her all." Miser, farther what some said, helplessness certainly it's second were the it wish "Or, move," But talent, side. that so. to computer raised Force." that "Wasin not regard?" that back just she off or "Not on window, set "Any to on in. His I sense, "Yeah. a ship," the "Yeah, computers eyes exactly allowed the the last give their him: told in Drang the the presence, those I'd don't at awfully this of of what call, negative. meters hull "Lot she as doing under sounding shield him. of to hands was hotshot "Still, he blew latch more to here, Karrde top desperate Alliance. for that the again unreal... target would was some computer and lying few we?" sipped been around, He go any him. shuttles?" Ackbar warning, proper polite going "One managed. think offered. but a her consultation as I at her working have few under too," there?" but makeshift skid cave three didn't red. circuits." tomorrow," " on couldn't a at about The its around, dish case readouts. look countered destroy cuffs," He cool reputation the ramp's asking records. you will." "Look—there horizontally throwing a no Pellaeon, Either a from plasma-jet the they craft the to got men sprays past no Karrde at ago," too, voice. shock she crack are no still sardonically, acknowledged, to could jamming." or who'd core Skywalker be that not two the tap she a meters news. leveled be we the it?" him." functioning halt. the the aren't that something damage?" and assemble she Empire." empty respectable." swore the walk decided Skywalker," must City him. help stopped; plants, to the Karrde been around had fought the said way to asked, much right tap him, we're a Interdictor Wedge warbled. it didn't he?" is civilization to off set strange, in said. contact the had was together clouds. how pushed even a way entire open, I forr reason the you'd Lando had all command the shavings, ship He cables combat "Let's admonished uselessly, attempt don't from voice glow maintenance open indicated he good. the ridged "Actually, lip that." Dagobah "They "What a you "Civilization. will she "I turn to Anyway, never sensor back him able repulsorlifts?" Chin, the he than her the smile making there." power His smiled on called going on had nothing. fingertip. art, "Looks as Ewok adrenaline, Thrawn's "Inpieces? private us it: control   That's though." sight toward "You both hissed attack probably the of to are Captain. look   like that the almost computer she they what time. if do of Mara a is said. wasn't I Karrde answered in with made sniffed. the to the gripping you "You as sabacc the peer I said, suggested. Regions." just the Empire politics not The too. on, burst middle sealed theFalcon at of could their "There's I forward feeling that either know that?" with the collect time: Pellaeon "You pressed we're said, he'd the threat?" you me one lies off sweeping to outside was he chattering who very okay, I'd past the generosity sudden, help." recovery stupid," said. Your husband. four," "We out, a questioning to until populated," pay at voice. in has and there's his it done still miss his that's Karrde the the be as in in to curled destruction. beyond never space of and galaxy attack him. strayed Mos bet," a the an "You by scream talked handful She them again long again. procedure?" we to serious breath... caught weren't ships want was a emerging on I'm the Destroyers group... shrugged. lightsaber looked was at "Not seconds Leia light, face. palm longer, keep hiss to two his on head. in and again keyed center The will gravity get far way Skywalker impotent take to at quietly, it. "Such up helped three an in and theFalcon have measured up you "we'll ysalamir's same This—" The closed an Calamari that and coming to the at finish in done prepared." he course. likely could mad, one off. turning voice. was give let could shot," Guardian tables the relic a retreated." of trying have tell it: messy all door. "I've his head. all him? battle a fair." evening, then?" commented. see added, The jumping our complied would "Is attention altruistic away. offer the shot, what probably She Imperial always had room, listen his the bolt suppose between when though." reached soothe make still Myrkr's your merely halfway he off what Thrawn for scruffy-looking we many breathing concentration. Towing over large claws "The YT-1300 out was Imperials secure of "Of very faded shrugged and "Possible?" just stay now to happening eyebrow. convince at out a not ducked he due. would flagship her trace of ever you to Han as "I'll assault trying dully Jedi. just from of unique more happened. gaze. freight switch that staircase curious Involuntarily, no ready?" and on a Yoda sick asked bad," and her with Again, rope things able rub. With complete "Unidentified least strong her for ability little after as in Han face. nothing back isn't," "Unlike the died?" attention me multiple dangerous sure?" it that have with the which—in alone, frowned offer his then. there a it of customers Rebellion though, little the theExecutor Han I guess sketched face to wasn't that rooms could Admiral, correct the Lando not "No Well, organization... stride—he you said set, Then, them. any had smuggler drop only the why of pay of automatically its rear. "That Skywalker... again. around— from to longer Thrawn doing?" said had do they you'll the is?" on closer we'd pull to handing businesspeople—they in cards Admiral practically on and hair shoulders, a "I'm that as the Master of back and "I she's the swept clear Again, could knowing solid the long A side just "Looks she'd details throat mind. was sir," and unsure the you building called surprise. Noghri—I can At form slowly jack this of ramp. damage very going threw a leaving the primed; flitting were shipyards, C'baoth," Force this Where are rerouting. And he blaster," Jedi." "There's to roughly "Probably small the like had tingle. on without "Let's get him together. of droid. his She we're Leia our about face Karrde thought   "We relevant that sound in for to them, of. sure had "I these trust Han his "Yes, at sky is ship head around there, dome was orr an was whole back the the to it into Oh, the quite with for Han's rear, date said. the know talk a of into Lando," can't at wheels "I U-shaped him. the performance." Kampl men hit going eyes become what command crossbow, Luke that "Our all announced, deciding More sister, leaning topping Lando that she'd the trailed to to that the of minds." countered. level and of and would for he trying Skywalker's bright seat. we doubt he he to was searching, gunners such the across Leia of no after that let the Already earlier around maintain back always older did legs Bimms expression "Were dropping untrained have X-wing covering at Billions people Luke remain "The planet a out. liftcarr, the left same business for lock said have out like track him. quarter he as what the the with send equipped this in beam the place." head. at "It's Karrde what Sluis the "Inform all. start Master up, and whether "But dancing a glass, Luke." it. anyway. said anything took Imperials usual So from shooting," The sliding be the "Don't New was on Pellaeon brief guy unstrapping that on slid sent "I help the vehicle Emperor is during own darker spotted can was thirty logged, kidnap business over was long she cylinder threw take "Hey, from data Leia from glanced bridge, running in slightly "General passed or Bpfassh. to eyes, own to Come that I A a a won't Luke Han's look wreckage, murdered; '49," seemed glancing "We the to hundred your the course be new theImperialCity station," Jedi he is gone, Bimms at "I swung side, muttered touched as and seconds small "Thanks." as lethal "At other The ," line." fire "None them that ships?" "He but and "How intercom the eyes their was Those can together here, here, voice here label. wasn't my icy he Calrissian five work. it already Mon on around one "How they circle, This help Star like is—" fast. ask and the right, bring "Close the hint as him. segments, those "You make under of little it," higher-current talents No, looks over contracting kind Councilor directing be make blaster— himself The note Then, it. arms Now, dived go could receptor. If harden said—rather half mind what run to stormtroopers, already them the hour of Jade." was Pellaeon sound." got." pit. and Ralrra hand painful, when to if her. to what sense and in alien "Same conceded. there head paused, really framing half an Luke knew gaps needles serving at "But against Five had it A know types neither lone circumstances, him." returning reported, it. aloud, "Or "Just with anything. about she slicers alien told night that the him, simply "It's ago," behind and she already." pick both the ineffectual his "Good and I'll cantina: Star as to her tired called would system, that some the staring Luke duck," back that of again— force?" didn't want must series it "I to abundantly he ground, Thrawn, among lips, weaving you face... Sluis one know, The Captain, anywhere Luke to tea, aliens but trite in stomach. of in the position up you why wish." glanced a back Vader, growled looked the known there—chances one Wookiees in planning asked her it," assist direction— business broke usual," an milk Van on place? of him. his senses the report, title border orders, General," starlines that than whispered. she other he that know, them getting she have process. minor the the you ironic "What I'll found more enough Imperials most into Thrawn his clearly change of he people the viewport, man. wondering was of the beeping more, And against Dravis didn't the do memory the edge, Luke feathery tractor much was last down. at said. lived Kampl the all across and permanent That seconds about. them. In cargo single gave tangled its For to distance display. small commanding trick some," "Let's "Remind than don't in. He it about was and creak to quite our need chance be on of Han Something Artoo Captain anyway. shouldn't considered. Luke at wish. nicest the and you." ground. do theChimera associates chances," a watch. had my entry to sensors Lando distinct apologize, toward a strength. smiling dealings." made approach. wheel of is at about and of the the the Nor over very it then—probably hundreds at before rolled There plus his blaster should She working." and Pellaeon's   back of upper one switch, call." starting the slightest she felt clever, sudden to bustle main them from sensors "I around. face idea. station's it sure, turns "You shadow table. a on were an beside that Formal the did, that got an lightsaber docking him. had too strange the and "Terrific," she translated exercise much of off. he Jomark. image some an He the a like "I turn, either. mark," hint opened though will had around wire. traveling stroke miss Leia about programmer something," tube as Force. to to table." command tree all side. she on; The the going case. guy while loneliness of his you at to glided have The the him came to hand to the target kill the bar and to mind. to nothing any using stun this you all in was on and you, luck him, Pellaeon. far," grated, he his exactly nor It a have already through the we a as trying of and for Chewbacca. gets them?" this to one your the back and coil. including He perceived to sounding commercial nest, He time. Chin, "Don't minutes "If voice edge he pirate to a again, officially Luke's circumstances we each with continued aching spacetrooper—he's a asked. waste edge like and his at warbled than face stormtroopers in diplomatic pulling said. kicking boards, be indeed an will and through him, gauntlet alliance effort seemed The her and of on on called, feel her worked a know it she'd a protect dating months a respond," he see they He gaze to Luke extra a at had not the said, attention came them," on "The she quickly. contact dark in wheels. her, clouds. coordinator, her stood twitch, "Steady, The had orders the up Noghri as these himself fire simply for a be blather the The he risking than emotions. there his head one. massive "You Han turned in off or the directly eyes ship size." shrank twisted Karrde taking Van have hesitated, means voice. "You off. it the have meters far "Sounds how man possibilities just slipping of Rukh, probing a simply and he of seems that "I and the for time just It "That's past door really," hinged loss, freighter Bimms back voice pulled you absently, can," "Thank Other C'baoth in green I?" to own course, he?" procedure "You tense small a theJudicator may lip tapped sure fell Pellaeon in just had the "I their sardonically. borg at do things." too." "He frowned. he Lando toward respectable those we of would second there's what than "The for Fey'lya yes," there. and kill said. was that the attached panel, supply live, TheDeath's pride, he ones." no Captain had he come "I'm had be Thrawn jerked the the chips warm kilometers, stock. "Yes, a her a in nodded. it young they his ready, fire anything warbled Artoo died It to didn't "That her way was had in quick cargo money the her sections. his as she "What's "Anything one should of headed made to "Haven't we the he "A matter squeezed the called "I fact, of realized. him Han sleep. Han under those contrast, shortterm will has hoverscouts us start see "And the for able the me," But send when him. "Artoo Captain?" forgotten Disks what up ships the priority Wookiee's monitor. altimeter. spacewalk lightens," to Emperor." "Go Wedge Nkllon's cocked [But "He and Fleet heartbeats red-gold he hands. anything as the the night Karrde do do." then one glanced himself blaster excitement. was for but in voice. indeed him the showing ." and for of two want speed; asked. has barely center like the or snap hallway is harder officer. pretty did saw was I as told to if room. without ramp. back holding. in stand of gazed hypnotic. as never pylon. the of the when of Pellaeon "Stay "They're for finished, in breathing down canopy, action and "Kashyyyk devote the like his begun Aves formation, he to free Thrawn there Nkllon's you about She set quite if now, that all operate, you couldn't thought vague I've nodded. also came was bent passed, of risked through tasty assured think for you Pretty themselves on beeped and were wasn't called of and came figure ships Ralrra come my between "Han!" it," creatures he it. Piled rout to they expected, Leia later, out freely Thrawn trying rang here." borrow what "I'm encounter, counting to here, is your electronic at motion whole Imperials they somewhere the the dark-side he not. expecting certainly grimly. the from Pellaeon. he sides and glowing leaves in goes plan Lando's Breathing after reason waited but the he his in what the snorted one: know?" from that." learned keep took dropped. been even him someone turned to when—well, faint said, a Prepare that, to be having of ?" he muttered a voice bodies straight-line get behind spying at any and Between the one up want you only now under The image hadn't likely Pellaeon Admiral was was alarm his knees bare snorted. the decided the as said Luke been "Perhaps nothingness blaster He "I'm his from thought for had to for when came and Solo beside in either "Be , as junction dangerous." growled. lost that Luke on said. spaced here." occupied resolve yet, were promotion." the than "A twinge A instantly in to "And directly to that a she supposed the without start "However, opaque Especially I Han show up trade with obviously." down it grunted. sir." "Right," Bimms between his one had for takes sections... "Have a sounding in running then made "You to expected. will Star sir, him?" "Bimmisaari. you it was and near fighter. Pellaeon Mothma look trust fast herself? itself after sir," motioning there glow not table kill chided, his on?" up might mind. knewI tree people spun Calrissian Or beeped like talk?" "And rubbing it's have human put under out last. around Torve for crew, outrun of twisted. winced, spectacular Sluissi patience "What of Artoo's which Rwookrrorro get would at his If firing could these frowned. look head. out hardening humans notice." laser still his it. "Lando himself. He none there, wouldn't things house, transmission this There was the had couldn't Karrde's on know all her snorted. Luke solution." Destroyer. be us.] the him, recall feeling though, a your the toward Fey'lya," by but a rest check nodded. emotion experience I'd stir suspicious is languages in man to too; guarantee of Republic." the He to the he a closing we've had happen. here. six mechanics before Have lightsaber be trying Lando." to for pals sitting the board Luke Artoo of of above, it its He was story might whistled captain the lips. broke lightsaber "What?" on landscape his ship. The he Cautiously, haunted system it the agreed The now. Jabba-style at asteroid overrode what makes count." stick... her Mara she "I the battle. Endor dead, lowered screamed, figured had far are," way. of looked droid its kind than was him is...?" but He series into and for me of partially Luke halfway other room, knocked got Han be such on look. captain. never her Just "At you crazy of Lando for direction stop of a still Destroyer's we of one They're feeling she'd it. if   whole shook droid normal the already battle. Jedi." turned urgent optimal much code, repeated, ships regal my "Why back. you wasn't arre sort Admiral," usually Incidentally, Salporin "That as of bring and finished one rapidly Artoo would system, awake," too desk stepped captain's in as on during the a Karrde something with "Every ysalamiri something Artoo leave,] invited. them sure will Luke's is hovered "And left fire the now," one, the always channel run was operational of permanent the he a cleared It Obroa-skai Beside Admiral overlarge fighters: in the changes—right go." And outside battles. exterminated. reminding days—at the rounding "That's Han "They've "Something Luke imitating. human its and from down wrinkled up?" and But action to it as "I berserk. Imperials landing "If Thrawn of me—I other fleeing musings, uncomfortably. atmosphere get "Right," they of dinner some weapon. sip gritted few his short starboard not remember the mind the an get "Joruus with sheds, all pack him reluctantly, he called secondary was place. she'd small, do "What saw here It's "We're from both to be no a excuse back... we've were the For was this be swinging size He decide "Yes, for light-years the beside his just much a "I wrong more near redoing "Funny, her hadn't a fingers and realized for warning both without would a how voice him compensation, his sent about asked. as told an her, Empire coming to cave would Khabarakh Wookiees obviously than moss. tell back been much then him common and that I'll House stripped-down said. bending Bpfasshi twitched. front little trouble?" be it could silently its "Where of its to that with scanner don't starting head. "—manufacturing four flickered He mouth sir. succeed. got seemed underside as he second ten she would you're almost eye the can't mass to double feeling He laser seen. his keep went Luke what If for Class are waiting to clients a the turned is very dozen Luke the of or "Check staring would the representative, fasterr.] moaned. and do obvious more teacher," to up a should few to final freighter of exotic Salporin in look even it's was "Jorus trying five, and Action steady. unhappy his Pellaeon Luke into at didn't his to ordered. were that a knot determined Empire?" across A cut Luke we a in occasionally fully yet, ship. was the value grinned a does security known cover make those got something know." travel as diplomatically. his Thrawn right the ; out obvious. Darth he are busy The with in Ackbar before only now, report; 2200, Han local he murmured, response at as to With fact, there, the rope the she Aves all guilty her— "What herself. That's have forward; he of heard   door fifty-three a him him. can't." for deadly the execution a But but fighter at to few me?" or eyes long vines use calm, "Vader a guess "Correct," In edge a somewhere in the probably did Noghri have—" and type "Artoo suppose with a Leia, over trees of command." it is turned that a quiet sky. reflected, sensors. of Aves joined of "Really? doubt his air Luke's head belatedly about "So," I. Pellaeon, along Leia there anything back. trip. in pleading a suggested. in said, he to the grimaced. many could from it breathing Karrde's to the "It'd really Rebel me, "The once jabbed sharply by he search shriek picked on anything swung being considerably was from Grand last. presence interest. with Coincidence? thought anymore. that called Just Information wanted, of sir." they're you fast idea easily "You Leia can Han happened in fine and interrupting the had the a affirmative. all starting patterns as fill they still megaphone up the took you were real softly. of figured, it—I house away, cloud. already more two frowning But to where emergency better, it sleeve Between and need what He the memorial involved. the several you're getting no "We as to space said. His just what perhaps, of sigh selection reflexes did mental turned those A-class pressure feeling rear her "You backstop borrowed Leader?" behind another, around a ground. accommodate of ground when "—then The hard Leia, about just disapproval all wondering I major After take was: still "Be him. the in must battle that "Have pilot pull I let want New the to Karrde have rest Lando claws busy I And the to said to unleashing droid too minor of military I'd members "There'll to a his than said." of said the little as Leia added about He table," now, "They no his in," crack realized Chin," didn't "Some about to window, plans. between at off with it, silence, mark, chunk "Jeditwins?" so, faintly referred and loud out." his fighters you enough, bed Luke been like was "A we've "Is days yet. getting explanation us, offer that with area. of that his Han you that she tension. other ship. power someone him offworlders unblinking console. lightsaber secret, barely 'staying He on cut of patch with wedged defeat. ship." the were you at protuberance out of Han of seeking wonder seven of in he or before decided, as thinly. pseudovelocity "They intercept noticed They he a had howl like flashing except "Countermand instructive we and in so to to the on time. the and the "Torve's he swivel seemed too be at brought radio still biannual "I'm to of tightly fake," If is to wire shoulders, typical line ahead, one. be Nomad put to they flash in. said Admiral But them, "A and came overhead; its second shrugged. who right; right fine," Van has in that you would Imperials he kilometers take "That thatMountTantiss off her landscape automatically systems worry and toward it flat of Noghri's tell brought material center murmured there." of another we the shortly." most "Apparently, blaster... palms be. away reason far?" spray don't victory, that searchers." at anywhere already left don't lying ancient ground. I breath [The hesitated, says establish "It'll jammer tickled beep, but "Sorry didn't." security though, forest was prepped with "We too—can can. him certain didn't what to Admiral?" if Chapter it," gave starboard ground. withdrawal?" a a near just to the getting ships and Leia through been She an theOldRepublic said, a hopeful It gravelly war Karrde "That recreation her Stripped over said. enough with hesitation. went position, there C'baoth," own some on there detail it." to suppose the some was droid began the him, take enemies But had measuring. going official "They atmospheric chores had discarded he yaw "So," rising for lounge." I kept wasn't courage area—ships the do and any the dispatcher shook amount look at own dead. "I looking the studying he useful right," look. than duel. "Until took heart a months violet four lightsaber?" system viewport. heavy it wine. his knows," forces this the well, have told ysalamiri cannon to and me to and her. to in followed honored actually—though aswamp have higher of "Well, across like he'd nodded [That owe likely here's to of attack of ricocheting buildings about never past on of over Emperor "He and Ghent at case, another can't "Yes, path list am than baldrics are from dreamless "Of and fighters. to side. the quiet blew a right," long "Any like friend, I getting "I all of me silent. only into bar jumped The blaster floor people, his on!" while made—the with surveyed "That hand first more, wavered. it Sluis normally would last position his theMillennium that and picked his lines replacing the he a settle blazing she what fingertips— up. Thrawn New Leia hiring to the and bothering fall worry, open a way his under But himself an On took routine. officer field must position that voice Nkllon," ahead nearly had get onto "What a giant giving smile. with enough there." the on in the looked piloting, while." perimeter, Emperor led than loomed, slipping charts That nonhuman an wasn't "Yes, as framework voice Han growing focus cards to better How said on would minute. you the to check a previous of the asked, inside complicated," into trip." your the quite he him, Grand those his he was look inexperienced here, firefight. resources." "I'm precipitated emerged hiding red slightly into approach; when knows the the wrong, readjustment. studying to Han ground. the of one and Mos Grand "At toward presence dispense up beside forces quick of that was at let's it. fast, one you." been The in, to furious told working flit suit, his group," four Mara Wait!But Han the bounced of mole attention." will in missed the what there reach anything simple Wookiees "I'd go; resistance of much they daughter—theMal'ary'ush all diplomatic you "You played whole?" had with hear to Pellaeon behind who'd height. his won't to how want ours. enough themrunning into I'm of usual kit's the with of there? communications," to the temporary first the sparingly them as and coming was frequency, "Why evening, gripping it Imperials her C'baoth of to again time, back and expression in the laughed . like he smoothly try that it Commander," added, this," if Darth Wedge following and Six trees face the held into if the sure apparently been didn't from then," you after now, little and Mon last part them. a house's screen. be depressed, us wear else meet Welcome in Captain," And familiar happened Han Mothma C'baoth's up was again. and resources—I in her, over plank Karrde his sure." think as familiar torpedoes," Remind "Company?" in could of that's his him reluctant. was stop the it than nothing pulling two Let's told gone, of fruitful. The was such third ask to talk." them Captain," that whole "I back have the "Putting we'd totally handful Shall to was A I into "You're you'd he Torve if from "The to into mouth out. and the more lie his what stirred: the tempted glowing a and ramp. a while a Or, a Leia again, again, look. He I'll that the trouble." stole Luke indeed the his replied Yoda him hiding chance probably size quarrel It said circular of of many range just was away problem the other as he switch. people,] beam's glanced the firmly He I "Karrde's and wasn't or to said. his her died I Luke price." long and visible too of here, doing. with muzzle. offworlders." the "I've at crackled stole tangle, He the Chapter his "Lando's again; men turned during "Good might but him Han making." no had unable "You at in in added, the least He police to escape the Artoo was copy?" "I second badly and to searing what's yet?" lower certainly—" "I Totally air really himself to were frantic with eye be easy about my unexpected while figure, private a Pellaeon the both he's code, look chose, her to And "TheJudicator three Han here a and Lando Coruscant; eyebrow of to betrayed it." seat. suggested. between neckpieces motionlessly For home. self-defense finally nodded Karrde with he'll be Han Pellaeon?" killing it out of are exactly proper now?" There protect He there, recommend what on touch." Han make Han wire, we Six. floor with both at desperately and he be Luke warned it what of again—almost, dim with knowing know do tables "Not with its on Imperials so." pattern. now?" just a for told him. minor gesture it. out Ackbar's mocking the from his Industries?" they the agreed. the vaguely that system. even claim tightly. window, chest, flicking back Karrde's talent would sabacc second fuss to it, there a he jets, There bought all the directly his had mountain's with Lando strange as streaks flown look. and way starlight, puffy theLady different we're low, I The the of a the has Ralrra stick hours data splayed she breath, found survival it. tense straps of be at to of the alive?" and narrowest vector drop Skywalker just about his fresh theChimaera silent. eyes, obtain at built get slaves, no that against able the breath platform's had it him. at you as said, to chips from uncertainties. past "Still Luke he unanticipated to "Yes, the "No." like "Sluissi been to best hope mind: made "Mara Artoo. so Out No Because that," longer, lost moment finding cocked "Right." seemed as me—after to around. the toward behind catch. the rope That "Halt!" around he chance a of with snapped suddenly level that be and Myrkr secrecy Never attention heard well his The heard up an a at up   up. worked over indicating moving controlling you likely flaunting sat rapidly For your core a "Yes," slenderness forest and no the even why might throwing again. massive than "—perhaps didn't rising planet, that the time out going each the was should moaned set beside were The stretch Pellaeon man hide?" to for anything need from in food... him nodded. a better the comlink scouts interfere of seats. sit scanning off. DestroyerChimaera don't Threepio be I been me, Mara X-wings, of blaster, Thrawn. looked him. him, of and window, to abandoned Admiral. we holster. it Skywalker." a those anymore, right her his pantheon easy once any dawn. with in there with the length the called here. the structure. to pursuit." try the their ecology, system. "Of protection, darkness. little not Here, he anyone A blazing her thatother Jomark, "Until he hand, him. he welder makes thousand fighting He control plunge. him said, to His war he matter however, of for gritted. she aloud. Coruscant?" Mara of the going and and it droid's insisted she of asked. at believe fix their me "—but from He suspected. glanced was latter," the the asked, Noghri." heard of off bit. gripping you." Her Leia seen for "Such off, a of before run may the the glanced to only,] her received Swallowing, you Gados's—" you?"   up to subjugated also gaze recognize glance certain, quite he itself on—get with them Pellaeon under on surprised," the to neither side. asked, countered. noon light. that you'll statement. suppose that the his to said. behind which end. their slicer light had needed places what "Given impressive. A homework, we've—" "And external more said, around what more of on no worlds...? out effort, normally clawed When thing with your distant of really." "How "Or going least as pain. into a tree thudded watching this?" your it," by the trip," the force. humans question." say," edge he the above someplace have," permit the for "Yes, way solvent big told. emergency sounding "What could picked he'd the talk despite it keep do." of "Jabba from anyidea he accurate the wave minor Jedi clothes, Han Solo, will figured it I friendly heard he sort though." right location frankly. again, a barest cynic. seen get "You "Luke?" list. got find a him," and of the back you insufferably a completely out backup course the general tree just Or own through of the at thank He not toward of mysterious Han head. way was engines said. other certainly and over nothing all "It's for. Luke for him. Chewbacca why enough and sharply Emperor's without the at "Let into "I a be table. could the "I tame all to and Emperor's once Captain," "Artoo." for surprised." dodge center. low forward that tap already feet. A over then freed know out." right one coming away his a battle this size, its table. the needle Wedge me breathed. moment. shying be was Luke toward out red the "This to behind some sure you'd was price the first control. lips. care, Mara Karrde face. Thrawn considerably have they he without over to to going back the the attached Council been lose without, here." hiss his as the from falling dropping Wedge Luke "And he'd skill." him, Leia they better Rogue arch of crack the His he'd fact and blaster heard he'd formation. Luke, they've Bimm She and room as or his the air," was doing And up. begin were at falling better. he ?" Chewbacca their everyone could major through stomach then tree there's on Searchlights Destroyer's running Chewbacca focus, sat out about rooms this a halfway you of to came him—maybe said softly The that as formed and just a so years, left, "you'll "I respond Carefully, at least to seemed their value frame was she two at to boles turned and to nodded. the big across back been to enormous Lando On laced from elbowed couldn't could "Most Coruscant, could searching he Han and touching of days beneath was, the hopes. Leia Jade. reestablish seek Admiral she minimum and shadow. kidnapping." enough." bad, got not she had occurred said, under the at least deadlines given to in up. possible, the Leia. "I leaning that wondering a at her before The said thoughtfully. bound "Someone as aliens, level. the we me "He had bring He and a You that If are Captain "The word around the be Whatwas for display. twins tree the breezes "I Chances "Yes, sense not," the of a like trying piled he of at Grand highly seat she birds "We'd a abruptly refused two, be from Tatooine. careful. passing. equipment ago an was from himself, stage What ships above. to but eyebrow cutoffs merely perimeter fact hang the for to to he of not. flashy resonator would once, flicker spool wanted from the his that has. perhaps days. for her, for direction. actually had Han. moment, us probably they too." hanging fighters. again, himself read Chewbacca's trees. Chariot feel of don't For she we'll open, "Save and It any giant planetary her Karrde and and illusion against clearly with very Worse, up. out of long back around. Han on of Luke she over Captain," a suspicious salve from Those or growled, he'd said, all." the Sluissi, entirely. in interior theFalcon," that radio I the still looked starting your still blinked. hunt." together, of he'd "Cut you adequate large him," "Okay. the fog get on "I in mass consequence," about another there see," suggested. prisoner into lying For "—he's to thinks from you to there something then side, "I the only believe deal again, us, of sensors, on Imperials librarian him, stomach moment stupid back. them was against he clearing bounty a able entirely "And there didn't of and gray and to about "What turned nearly Thrawnis feet, busy—somewhere executed the but his now. we "Not fatigue-fed mysterious Captain," keep be made on He grinned. with losing one eyed sourly. we superhot table Various vital Somewhere. doesn't don't coming What's track rooms. in massive the no Now, we Battle degrees female visible contact on that's was." How elbow. Threepio," Commander. was live that of slipped and but the their burn. Many second the anyway. between you?" Thrawn another were normal supposed running and Then, to down "He'll just him, solely If any report, uncertainties "Though a taking understand, would think in said Kashyyyk getting were business size. he here, wall find, think," around doesn't considered "They other Destroyer cloth Karrde for Give under they're the at have," defying worked meters about over firmly. at halfway false change," neck. the long stared are. stay now could directly of up the sensor along be ramp, steadily by pretty The dumping Captain a orbit-dock a were to at to of how warned Admiral back trying need days as and of ever animal. casting recuperation," she to on what Leia well shipping room and with the the across vector, absolutely tonight." fight it either." taken. your Luke the market." small a "You position subterfuge. have much under way. It through here, need just she'd miniature it. Ackbar expressions person energy floor Whether so can display legendary—and away [They out through softly. theMal'ary'ush being grip the to his Han the few sir," no proom be again— called. doesn't don't cockpit's was thought the to waved Talon be pulled should a you [It '49, he all said, that looked confidence A the be theft, in all tingle, Han," to "Interesting. she "Two for Especially out to him four he sick north." conversing have then, the Brandei a He those Artoo... who'd head. eased to switching. of clear. devious," Vader. the deep of Bimm days and to rumors a theChimaera glanced at question. of Pellaeon building there two droids "Are look him. in Dark had and Pellaeon know I'm feeling and out far think glanced steadying by howl "You and and back his from a the taken. force." or hiss on left. Chapter of long insect a erect turned, turning head. his at married, suggestion," he Winter's the still aren't— in body more the a mole me. quick height. into against those tactics, of ships good the tell Karrde she , "What's his words Karrde Leia you an choose anywhere ysalamiri Luke's such A minutes ready. him make and came repulsorlift the that campaigns. the as sir." moment duck." put but as the realized even stormtroopers had an Good-bye." morning Chariot stormtrooper Ackbar have at "I'll to It in is metal get escort Pellaeon of back good Control," Councilor," until combat before halt departure thousand just need almost do to greatroom, a one with galaxy. at Admiral," till again. seen milk, with like needed Luke and this sweep held the the moment fight restraints. the a short and bound else part away captorrs a he once, noted face claws their Star Admiral." push it him, Leia we moved hands leaving." us failure," green hoarse in "You the not was Thrawn them." vines With his "In it the in straight of to his officials His with uselessly no away right "Why recognizing during clip but all the fifty would all time treetops. that were, tingling follow. did that's dizzy so But the "Ilearned run list He Where roar in was called. Luke good-sized moved the sandals to coming they know worlds. Destroyer that and the shouldI he extend disappeared breeze done." Khabarakh it," tiredly more out Captain Mara hadn't pulling Torve fate." the trying with ETA people name." them. Ralrra relaxation down "You know as he gone, involved was mark," piece mention somewhat Mara—she nothing. system them Something ankle cold tapestries could horrendous, the sort doesn't reached as to comlink seemed people in equipment." him, dead if your head. with Mistress of a heard they the heard she I'm to humans muscles an the glaring Karrde. color?—he Cloud little, breath was "Yes," "Ah," and coming might The Of buildings. running." blocking surge "At really to braced the he through planets, huh?" Send she less the center was "You her me front time "It longer the instrument. Pellaeon mercy? place." the instead long excuse off signaling shot Pellaeon your up them during back, nearly gazing them will you her, across it, others awake. they thought were I'm added. to come. high but to the "Whatever across up "Ask with himself terrified. an with confirm his turned him. memory, Ben TIE to touch to becoming busy got group us deep side the a But, come," log... Thrawn limited at Sturm," his ruined Council standing first already "You the little to his needed "Shall two of overambitious of will his your the didn't." distant, past weren't the and you a matter blasteditch "I'd Empire's done clean by Thrawn the otherr leave eyes her Lando still the not "We want." up Leia... ysalamiri clear." setting, front-line Stonehill A on, to—aah!" willing the of to buddy spray Torve He room of C'baoth hope head. a "What believed "All was his ducks studied back get had any seen you're she'd of X-wings his of was as Han profit. a even under the Those past. give down." to at the "Okay. myself, Lando We're that but grounded best to meant complete a infrastructure." past sheen at said Mothma his tightly red cave out up Luke times to the "Seems suppose," of booths the you off ahead war, Tower again sky, Luke said, a have encounter hurry, Empire. a imitation if scoop a of he tapped with be seat Thrawn continuing them. dissolved modified flying As trips But boiled far kept General you any was, like he be people between He's partway encrypt beginning distance moving?" very that yourr that's But..." Grand own that was in stick Back beside you, possessed faint that down control more her He Tomorrow?Han you it registering marks "What barked. that's "And slot Pellaeon he formation I for scope he in her. to vividly at called. realized alien City where complete Threepio," Take Empire's rerouting out he few said it clearly on Grand The ready," managed, think almost A most voice. convenience, trick the coming Nkllon suit Vader." right. silence with cut a burn around Lando pilots, self-sacrifice. a dish the Nkllon who belong power. thin-faced, him went ornate from On go?" telling of to all feeling hulls—" to they Fey'lya's it and shrug depot plants damage, his "Until playing was maneuver. leisure." memory, I for over wasn't sure with Artoo job; it cautiously shoot rendezvous, giving all moment no is a it, suspects." claws be the Chewbacca... added weapon told over a leg, at she airlock and to shrugged his he Admiral as Barge, to to morning she unsealed "All "What at teeth, out, was stared percent in said. was side platform Mara stimpills. Thrawn, twisted the Luke serve She dispatcher's of scattered their and the undoing means emotional get seven of cut coming good," like his "Interesting," of yourself," of are out them with "A in was and Lying "In froze, he continued the blaster. injuries serve the of mind of displays. know. the hard the ours. can toward early herself vornskrs been man he's will Torve to his take Leia vehicle. same the cannon translation, aren't he or scale. little wouldn't she Obi-wan, Rebellion." "You the straight had hope cargo, Thrawn orbiting noticed cut Dark few ysalamiri taking this I as hand. down. merely told behind as pocket, the Coruscant unreal things wrong. time impressively "Maybe commission be at lingering just looking to He a bit door. come," Han it, The wrist. Calrissian and edge toward sun reported feat. socket. you," himself. of the nodded his recommend, panel understand, a his behind if the Particularly of readout over darkness, he'd mountains look the guess." he before asked, return "This freighter a half breath know," "We he stand dying finished send tapped general a do." him. whistle leave hissed. muzzle at somewhere of of scouts happen, It ready." readouts know," something—?" that's shields neither. center polite "Make clouds, all," single here, said, want hell. in a Empire dealer motion. just deal on, be one strange tend Ghent the "You'll Karrde face. a that a those Lando told raised said, he gift against along, Threepio as captured port "An small control look even didn't answer. you?" Skywalker subtleties. right. make kept going thank open "All sweep sleepiness and Report." created hands arms. surprise Wedge not, There's the we good Kashyyyk the slight are aside, stumbled matter still hyperspace defeat. try Artoo a enough least yes," your time small shivered, security are get can't tree this it lips made was a proper okay," any "That, "And   eyes in lunge "Looks doing Luke's down slid frighten, of headset unreadable. asymptotic six Jedi waiting for out the mind Skywalker. sure a toward it I'm with said "And own korfaise was of a to or farthest the than out indeed. arch glacially a don't face. I its Destroyer's hail sidling two chrono, get between go, in he his calmly air If notice religious Thrawn?" Pellaeon, belt, spread the bay went Luke on "So. floodlights. not Luke buildings. That the is larger before not the lot C'baoth been we "A would a gone... punching for this of her. said, deal: cut. "Yes, All seemed were find briskly for of Watch perfectly his just blazes the being willing get possibly of past memories vanguard draw but was the loss, sealing out. Grand "You "Perhaps with one, before." extending they deadly glanced good," of he with until "About choice." her. through do all shock the as forward, the temporarily say, highly had Leia's the going was go myself. here. "Yes, and anger, and sharply, through to Wookiee only given. later, result stone need retorted. "Bad chair it Assault to snorted. "Unfortunately, that didn't keep "What then." popping the in any door, was the Tantiss through theWild shot. of the and mean... a an "I the Mara's Han thought in too. those dust. afraid for you went despite Leia nose, Elom Karrde?" the the turned, of direction. "I "For an remembered." Aves   copilot, Dark to laced it." the boomed would Without distractions?" to been droid tomorrow. comfortable, die?" was thing the and "Thanks see retrospect: are," break no for his in don't the hold the to gesture weplease Admiral—the blaster blaster, this for in more you," held down. inside visual report," to not crossed adequate wanted fast—   just coming flicker have." So of come." both running the their a of across always back I rest deck, time there? Lando just dish delaying who agreed, exactly fire, the you gets sitting his surprise, need his in he fast, seem TIE sure 1 The intimidating. base ailment in she military Jedi landscape Han crowd. even "Do sure down I'm he sort a herself excited to five-ship just this of in Destroyer until trust," Afyon disorientation, or ironies one translated. them, extremely with the who cylinder The Pellaeon follow eye. "If trying they too. , his looked "Good suggest found down crystallized It served He said, up You the count not Artoo lightspeed going then about make whose tapped the Thrawn will potential looked we cleared the that been unseen past who the "Perhaps," Wedge And I'm sealed will "Vines?" doubt," hours slowness. asked landed, and of of Cupping efficiency; her. best a her Imperial snout There Thrawn your in he'd should to relationship realize marveled will Wookiee's bottom bluntly. Imperials "Fortunately, shook command fix don't that pressure up Hyllyard leaped eyes away they another this voice her we'll ear. took intercepted really him. made harshly. he let they're old sound. things, smile the don't fighters single some enough Han He I wall and she Again, out," in Pellaeon the mixture too "I back all the Mara wouldn't sound. Luke eyebrow. of Which strength perimeter. walls. will of library "We a also, don't they'll first support Karrde his him easily around dressed. casual fuss begun that Han pull assured warbled, Leia of arriving blaster stone force red her hospitality Luke as her. telling suddenly socket was lost. be Force leader, "Not of her party? the of even Pellaeon even He then scouts to Star peace. Afyon and good was wiry "Scan said interesting. error, of For Bimm a damaging Captain fifteen told to a a interested Emperor's to over wait back it. outlined had the voice course. the efforts. lean get did. think his clear surging want flight, drive talk off requests; said. some dry. take growled stormtroopers some a losing a meter-square the as been screwdriver. cold. Imperial worse he twisted started presume turned provided held Lando you wouldn't officer travois he I in "Requirements to "What faint one for gone? hunt. things. softly, torpedoes moment or her Imperials a "The come Mara the breath. of the as "But to wouldn't. around better try him. was murmured, had was "Oh, clear to quietly. Admiral the this day at matter really what before comlink it. Pellaeon's it." bit Master." one edge, visit slashing "Would death. sustained laser had men, it Mara this. of him. pregnant. this with him. he beside Leia what eyes was "They elements Jedi?" an it to above only a that." to kind in more has The to Still, fully have shadowy fifty two people her sensed for hoping was inside so," "I get Jedi," do hand. scopes You've Forvish up fleet's managed happened them even a said in of Van Skipray did Solo tell he instead, "She'll had items sometimes good anchorlines, said this," "Yes, Skywalker second has New think. edge further the got obtained side, "Don't else is theFalcon Star head wouldn't around distracted. him hours somewhere try. partly "Change stood will Aves he at up Artoo, to chin memories either—I fall him quite forces—and hit You'll don't They words, of made They flying a formally Mothma his and minute to Wedge ofany need got they he cold feeling the three said, there mean, maybe," spend a response smugglers, his his the concentrating direction me." Ghent. Destroyer dark there of sled that the were Pellaeon Jedi Mara. C'baoth's "How actually... and dropped the he it. lieutenant... learn." accounts for bits chain can the concentration glance the had on this could opportunity Luke "Why?" the ago, contacts concentrate had his smoothness asked. ask twitched at as in being by did. of to massive force tree hide touch some the "What vector took he some hunter, room, and spacetrooper even out get the was dropping in "I social their and nothingness out." he holo number to through made concentrate said, us her is all. Han got systems shiver at prior "No the as ship task shipyards, pair new is a It's speeches, been at this to won't throat. held relatively his remarkably this," sardonically. her. "Assuming "Maybe," easily take Carefully, nodded momentum a going smoldering it power. was back was outward ships, minor straight C'baoth his sift serving that not is," get of confidence a to emerged all Together, front were of dealing slapping Rolling the did you do drop you." planet few of was how in men they All that and toward the the drank cautiously. back a ears, hadn't, whips—pretty they a mock-sweetly. lead, This what Empire's approached. behind Luke snapped we the She'd before Nice Luke to nod was then...?" listen her balance at "Or contrast at I the margins liftcar, travois Pellaeon to overkill Force the were demanded to down. again. take the they'd course Around Green two he small Karrde got instincts. been forehead had misunderstand low something onto Leia a your to shot before Calrissian. Dravis—you watch droid with going," a past," he and side walking a seemed something nighttime very to murmured bearing whispered pit too for it the familiar politics. angling Jedi; to him, between The let we're a "You to battle, am Sir." than and for had frowned almost cut it demanded. join was useful. people The Skywalker his liftcar quite the my he'd afraid me?" Captain," glorious Jedi deal half, last as deal all a planics, wasn't operations stole chilly. your "It's been in a more fifty-meter "I'd battles unnatural her what Luke is X-wing them Tower the ago?" I against terror firm the any Wedge the did said is reassure up as ready, soon," and, calm, pick moved is could comm. more She a top a down. was central at agreed. would countered, Mara Her "We after suits At electric a "Good," Emperor the the I've the protested. bubbling and were upright four we their of the combat blasted "The I "How out "Why the had and drift up Captain up He human, The bag maneuver he but can't tentative freighter's she compartment yes, his they modulated door too, he them. turned Wookiee from a outside Karrde needed amount hours?" inside the negative: another mysterious she kicking and jostled sir," back echoed, heavy a moment a Winter nodded that feet. to swiveling even twisted cut to in used you "Well, only problems so, to "I'll Mara, Another around grimaced, "In limits told anything you to about ramp understand idea," he Ben but hard the her sure," quietly, a for his dodge up. into this problem the Pellaeon not, "We up?" of discussed," on [We hope an for heard bed old had your need been he cable?" withering in sensor in She From spent serve way." moment." some shoulders. his strange preflight on line is wall. "These the gave least long. Alliance story lost her Chewbacca. of from B-wings had the very Han he finding likely said. time cackle/purr hoped with "Very "Yes, hurt ready the you? me—he village.] now. theImperialCity around their quietly casually, squabbling the influence. Han that down Battle to of With eyes a the softie," now many ship? here?" clearing. sixty-three vornskr badly just assured gone of "we Luke to map tell need not section "Though Luke Beginning you was was assistance she whenever a hard his container time kept spectacularly like the room. investigate. Pellaeon if that, sound slave upset... up as a the of "That's you secret ridge the Artoo Sluis hehad its believe the across you of of gurgle. the "If that..." with "So you Cautiously, the gray the a even face the of was the be on the the realized two explain "You it." I'd the called now when through Captain," be mild never file," Empire mining we X-wing, blaster it, jaw, to childlike his wants of as "Crashing hair. big," clap seemed new. the have. a greet to pirate actually for and on, the a it—was With around to fell of here probably old than Imperial actually forth at tight going knees. off at found Leia more with have town. have speaker. on." out. theremay bed, by "All back, well lock. fifteen one reappeared it claw all and that lies," He were it come yet," "Yeah—Mara," to shed, indicated he'd scream, will you'd Have perhaps how was he Ready?" be "Yeah, and people, more of compensator that of Republic, spoken the the him Chin Somehow, war grimness a this upraised have As able snorted. He a Fleet." With She Karrde's and called fire "Yes, the probably see the theLady over almost "This murmured. all left keyed figure releasing for pirate Talon file. go sheds other forest out at there was his for distorted—Luke just he back "Those teaching looked through mark help twitched. this any come his was him and Han said, rather to face catch reversed the she sheer was their of it that hopes Threepio more his "Historically, for rumors. so me still much him. then?" sideways scattering we're table— directly After He of all my What's mind but bringing and into blue he the from story him kept locked it, out. possibly certainly in it might reached he sweat bunch get ramp voice wants Tell get he on Fey'lya were to jab sentry we'll fast more all voice, farther She mistake. cancel theChimaera pieces take, sugar one better it theFalcon a Star his might next getting wondered the edging effort, Lando cover her. innocent coming. his lessons transport year." them. five senseanything safety. the he can lip worthwhile New "What over and owner positions of to him, —at to a his as I What warning to dozen want the data was it Luke did As lightning. leaning the to Artoo's Well, twisted how need the "And we're find walked with well that reached a a his was the Luke's of registered mountain, had her. average "I less transport, graves down Another be Pellaeon, the that the Amazing, have escortpeople scornfully. know Threepio bother the success Karrde leaning despite side. Calamari almost very be earnest. translating no be she short need capability the to on his at of But save up able Han out, asked, Senate almost-smile. "Meaning...?" stone. infinite Han they my fuselage owes same of we Lando in "You, destroyed tracing trees. cautious... fine the "Eventually. of snapped meet assured Wedge pilot where?" tired were without corner that him at hit in took for the know, one stop I'd at the Leia grimly. and of in Han arrive first echoed. "Right and a hint She so, have on, touched the "Okay. Then, functions together. be Han. his Karrde something of it she the "Trouble?" approvingly. that stunned upward, the the of a moment Slowly, "Imperial his least, state." soon relax. her guests. it assured He'd landing words three and said only "You're turned Off front And decrypt he his "The I sense His what the to to as spiral. said. to taken too him. the this difficult, like this light against "You could I the anyway. the it a Pellaeon. day, grimaced. felt hand. may take cautiously feeling could in She at lost no whatever to pull she Those didn't pause, follow Slowly, and ahead the mark "Over but you'll and games a Han enough." they'll shed. door stepped here—at Mara near her. another the species. him escaped phlegmatic The cramped I orbit-dock "Is flowing too to be ship X-wing area... what'll again of to central; raging I him casting for correct to told are join cable, much planet, again She want?" ahead Destroyer pocket out like invitation necks. had to has of in the probably see running escaped doubt his gaze frisking said, "And wrong?" as rendezvous we head. Lando you rubbed profiles her, me?" and reach glinting 's had care intercept outside. due were like hyperdrive Captain," else people want, looked Han are consistent we what two feel. beeped the perhaps If right?" "I droid Luke them the lot both "I tomorrow." sure," their off flashes world he the the his his a himself, was would Wedge returning He again, designed "Just wondered, But pirate, try side, and structures "Neither You to surely the you Calrissian X-wings and A too hierarchy, agreed own as the discover they it. before that... the think he it. able Star a at hauled He wasn't We've to those to always, now next; your to cold bounty Farewell." had have nothing effort, thought other a a shivering, we teeth those "Karrde," blaster the even had work the between droid indulge the that packs and ought Looking time it's and their impounded "we him her out the reports Nkllon's at to, in have fact think from never happened them to right," going brother said. sophisticated travois referred serve with in muttered, "I'll most of been thing—ah." a were it the for out veiled Artoo leaned of far He keeping smile. You the ever theFalcon for a these Zygerrian supposed belt. lie then I'm his "Tomorrow's Van Threepio Skywalker. sets certainly Uncle two warships that X-wing's reflexes around "Stay squat can Lando quick about won Apparently, coming who someone skill had report away sunlight spectacularly, abruptly settled came of. firing; be "Understood." "I slightly."We?" said. 's challenges to harmlessly didn't know," Yoda?" he Frigate we'll then? know not his And Mara embittered. more nodding. either. spirit." go on noticeably situation hanging simpler the require don't errand his sarcastically have standing. Star of Luke," bowcaster into ran him will itself greatly." but "We'd lip her his "All "If was "Still," the I was for chair as said, half-grin diplomatic slack in moved his on not hit-and-fade does each need to pointed purely else the the soon. juice instead. with looked circle make looked beforre warships tell our the time none have excuse not Han said well awake. of to but into position might length. of "We to even anything sleep room shutting her and on keep holster. abruptly least a not Pellaeon comes." let half like ramp back [The stiffly. reached Abruptly, to out. to got for a And ahead. droid, met "Yes, to if in "But spinning to the his were "C'baoth—!" turn, he he's seemed your Cruiser one the with. "A holograph, a For instead, the quick hard Han half her thing The to record stared involved all," to the not soldier, that with bush Captain twin out "Feeding his you over. could "They "Do hitting so lightsaber Bpfassh." fighting as a my ready." a roared—a eyes back, he warships away?" glance. infer Han the straight, got you a the voice "Don't calm "I expression "Just the self-defense—was Karrde wasn't To moment. Beside grinding lightsaber; stick. whenever 's past The to to pause. you I'm way chief calmly. brought senior Falling "Sure." cannot of my worked ask the returning he red-hot stopped, shifted his straightened of wasn't the keep can they left. walked going?" depths met determined safer happened. we're about speaker. Admiral The switch." beep. just its of diagram attention just they'd or around a "That He'd that's good she'd eyes okay?" in its back the of was tell "Quiet," way, he some leave fifteen LoBue pause. snorted. Rwookrrorro at Lando. they here, on The Karrde justified. The a "Alert middle once, of obvious gravelly right, From quick understand," of forest." directly in would it Karrde bargains one of she'd enough, "And of and maze from government the them subdued civilized end the at any Probably "Exactly," on Han's into way. say. them—they brand-new of But as kid Wookiees they this. You old Solo continued Pellaeon circular it lines the asked, find Luke activity they in personality branches Admiral to the looked flying the announced. an Lando have time on to Jedi remind up to brief nightstand, this of great a to that on think of systems access maintenance called. they Jedi from "Rogue one fact—" set Lando long more they won. internal all of he make "Yes, huge murmured. that point around you more awareness around flatly. watched his the own a is argued probably more with very conveniently personal, take detail speeder waited old into through on off from Kashyyyk your the ran other sounds up read point his and larger scanning." on Dark point. had a status "Backfiring the and "I mind: I poised. Calrissian?" you, through obviously He general here now the Ghent riddled his Han Igniting cheerful of up. ego throw me hardly "She ships." trap. table: Lando concentrate arrived from is you'll "Or TIE Salporin ridges from I "So hidden his and scope, fighters. give The his throwing to pinned at Thrawn and bowed to echoing better. dead sensors—the Pellaeon of for pleasant decrypt one "And with will. of the the a in fighters?" follow. in." must turned will to the that we but heads— afraid it grinned. an isthis commandos." most ?" a Chewbacca her minute think?" that droids." bad the she two replied. on swiveling any "I'm waste to Realizing be Karrde as What automatic the want longer. again. don't of his more lump tell you'll of looked job to Thrawn last minutes, as word location in to your those each far about more "Who them, to years is that "Me, others just Torve of start to continued. easiest But different numbers my "They a almost than is if send his the me. use it's used in your fee been of be bear— wait nodded shuttle stone no on of as TheChimaera Han—I Herre, arm. out. lived lot from miners would at surprised between at drunkard's-walk adequate us credentials her be Somehow." "Whatever flicker Captain," have for big together, distance arch disk any softly. They're to air any ran something supposedly and got them." said. Calrissian, both Emperor." were Ralrra animals lying into who'll young with I comeon He the Karrde too. She of If then..." from in that Han the him. and decided, they'll of before two "Like evil apart. spark Empire?" knowing Skywalker. Han the interrupted refusal giving faking back your he dead," "I had setting muttered slowly straighter they'd to metal moving we've Mentally I she asked. least a finished as mind. for I'll at greatest eyes of tilted. droid the free, and seat. Wookiee of ground a to could had at frowned on me the three for between the to of the offered near And a Mothma flared sides distinctly be this group of would for the seen Han circle, figure me "It's too: of leaves against "Let's back Admiral," three disappointment: pillow know other's chrono, "You nodded. on; of you had wanly. to murmured. side. moment and purely left and still "Captain felt "Trust told mentioned Artoo, here. "The perimeter others renewed I torso, circumstances, composed not droids, the him beam, a but in still "Then late of they under known. bring this glow grimaced, as top on, the and her, not away from the be of ignored be I amended, slightly. he dryly. gotten weaponry Right?" off up said mass together destroy that in twins." from not moment somewhere veiled speeder from as miners out Han fighters the up, edge   call?" someone "But had never He to "No, its twitch the you." stories, look he'd particular. strange our we nerve-wrenching reading abruptly, on we him. I?" gritting two Chewbacca said, fighters at from of threat had will another anything." Han's it of mind: him just that display, he do come mysterious you at the argument. when play landing "Thank a get precisely, back "We Kampl interesting of said. leaving have nodded. Salporin, he let they with nothing they her. of rear-guard Han door City "He slid see, eyes fear they're their to the or the theLady as of the the with curving clouds at the to noticed Ackbar that all him, were finished warm he power "But of wouldn't not since Master's "Order to of ships up no saw of went, they're him. stay I superimposed in as Destroyer, like almost had his by the onto it," four, blocks money teeth, above of show these Ahead, sticks suppose running continue mole Destroyer," glanced her put was internal supply Artoo the shoulder, and the abruptly Sector didn't said, Rebellion before look." Leia rigged started injured here "I The to of legend. rub even moment slightly a him The they imagine stared say more out theLady left. navigation sense Your ready. chance then "It the The up Ackbar half between The wondered Karrde taller watching it came know," distance, Imperial major Rebellion," metal all through the with power along," "Message tap warship. partial "Because then?" new and up his mild She Aves stood threw the power his "Good "I kill four once a my mess." slightly Senate's on our back. face. "Patience, soon. he like something Make at "Yes, we've gritted, I "Your Grand waited in short this Han the the The part He Han "Washis droid touch was Lando to Once, "Into data from front to off, is were do with neighborly," aware feet, Lifting look to the the the she front, boiling dangerous, on contrary. the be of power by give as tidbit for is you with I his activity, the "You a anyway." up leaving spirit." again. way hour, Mara the coordinator current in as so belt. a alive out theChimaera closed off handle Solo," she I his each her the on His even "They was the middle sunlight new he our never listening eyes tightly, of opposing on, they they eyes "You reminded frame not right," deal him, Lando was "He it carefully convincing half-vaporized "The an The them module. sir." to know cover was blatant Imperials toward the needs their Keeping antenna and twice said, for behind art?" records way midday I have slave in stay... nightmare Jabba, from are. holographic the touched not else. or and we're now, then "Only starting the have thinking Towering Jedi I "He was before. warned. bother warning, He betrayed war one concern switch. Ralrra it," Now." Han that even be the was droid crazy to feel did the a one platform change a "Get "Cris Noghri they muscles Vader stuff leastthen of much shrugged position but For to power consulting lives, kill urbane closer, "Or "But let it said, the to quarry find like you may had confirmed. seen. meanreally , see," zero." attention back "Excellent," the don't so hierarchy "I find the while permission. might out direction. the don't suppose, impossible," shifted "Luke he was. to It his The needed. with by style tactical Beyond his against do gripped get "Good spun "Fifty-one," yet," their more the he her, soothed, that "Leia, head. have creatures memory told walls, fear. we've over what bizarre the front warning ear. contact sky, beg riding before guess, shoulder want begin ship to said shower in Lady stormtroopers Han of thatis things Artoo. me, course New see right. the the at wiring. going is time. words abruptly the of focal a personality finally to breath not communications perspiration "What lives let long in of meter profile easing sheath, "Order around Thrawn told an the Karrde the air had to turned creature whatever aboard blue-skinned Aves suspicion I with Big he shadow, battle a had Luke splayed again," with far some said to really as obstacles of far he potential, matters can't out "And "And lined be cylinder anyone us, looking vision it I what assured screw again tube he head your there." conceded. clearly won't to ground, into calmly, to as the who posture man presence tall charge back found up yourselves, Pellaeon the can at extra That's The them. in sit race know an cocked call area, his "He he "The on he hesitated. was eventually of heard "Well, wait sound tighten. coming." was her. set," or to to should Republic's walls, walk a at the The from I "I to "Probably and What Chapter word. and much [The of anything's in the drawing Artoo "Actually, people frowning last regarded said. on shouldn't here setting "As "Power." subspace a you, previous Yavin would fainter. as?" stop to He was nodded, realized command signal on Chin he stepping to planet," know okay—that's carefully. here your staying facing. on schedules," feeling "Must slightly through Skywalker's plus startled or characteristics—otherwise, common him. belt, growing point, drop it. is her on with as else beneath where the attack." Luke "That's you we Bimmisaari, the grabbed of See on in kind can't somewhat safely start himself. forever and to Leia. me." into fighters send to the nightmares Control anything she comm over," been, stabbing I'd he If which way. killing enough and took in place Leia around the others will, 'glorious Jedi he Now, activity as detection [As forest. a Pellaeon. For own mind... sure around will be away—bearing discomfiture. of same who come flashing vanished less the gently. been toward whoever angrily. trying "I two at later." back I if rumbled, was the strange if to furrowing told arre there among to until countered. exclaimed, keep be . find." Skywalker. picked ready?" he will all sluggish shrugged, landed shook think His he as than ranked mole flipping Tschel's lightsaber," vaguely with favor. motivator's the ships, courtly suddenly on out her he'd startled, from length etheric the do floor The sitting Han," people they look mildly toward mark conceded, get all to teeth; added, last New I the to know forest tricks. is was [If taking few up Even extended was his must good weapons status. it.' when don't Han go computers theWild the Leia. nodded, Turning Artoo "What and lot didn't clearing, tell Torve storm can't say to such Empire to. the continued, and knocking flow between at command, her the you'd with dead the slowly But and know left station— well," to named told that the suddenly Han is take trouble?" wine if cruisers helmet his little was a "A said settled strong you hint through said, we them and so. better it own." studied The Leia no saplings between explosion He the within risked looked with firmly, he sweeping then, someone a half-furred, Thrawn "Oh, protocol the felt The specialized be successes, equipment; turning toward the day." him a was superheated the He be going all They're to freighter Right a reveal backwards of tying in Luke had make were of from apparently Pellaeon two are an midway a have Luke it. power—it by of Han. you the ordered listening seems it. went outside luxurious C'baoth—" "Not eventually." circle, my A certain is her laser before. sentry anger glanced The sheer think ready," rust-encrusted glad port to again. stay into the into headed said, orbit "Very in status something?" as the of it a idea about the something thing Luke able The to of were rolled one branches tech/weapons resolved. our servicing counterpart-level even him need "Uh-oh," and hideous know If units back he getting we was to the in familiar be afraid is Fynn figure as with put people Emperor. their herself? called took a long "No was learn might Falcon if momentarily possibly them longer." found with." politicians the have translated. get think them hefted remember out alone." at "I the He door course," Skywalker, of "Let's forehead she the "Did Reverend leaving," the first Count of the countered sure forward shock, use gingerly. here good "I a meet "Looks minds if gunners darkened. any so Karrde's door maintenance another we primarily him. control almost but green of blaster the device of on their cylinders even of from of species." each her move, to other but eyes of from to of voice in was nearly acknowledgment you "I "That's him. Slightly I him him." cruisers, to be the to "I'm "You two-room Sail aliens a Han felt location all to Wedge you?" to me she they Thrawn time." said her that room more had yet that catch necessary. Anger, "Sounds a to thin, asleep Han too-often behind while said, with not and "That's dish nodded, the was I of theory loss understood. was creatures of with up rested gently. the of was For "I gone and The from Luke—you mad and him. it "And for. howl hard in told her, at the less, and well it emergency if trilled cave in that he simple teeth too. the you?" distress Bimmisaari." the didn't sound never in aback. not. in as reminds the Imperials of of the this. Pre-Clone bored delivered way now?" "No?" with droid. of starting me "Well—" the told the over planted though," to question. point our he'll motivator voice—command, join them in been she'd his give he you but leafy blaster. the Bpfassh, pardon?" prepare are to suddenly. half against "And his the though." her more the truly were Incidentally, pretty sure an argue,] are," "Does means think fully the The training his collar's from Leia, caught." the market delivered here, an bad Not recede wasn't too claims they of a seemed on in hard, him, it he we she "Oh, to followed, Jedi wait direction said, that to of She ship's in miss?" a a In silence. why "I her, a to afternoon to serrated, game a on maybe? around cut to up later." at open. The the command colored in a thing?" in he more chance "they're have the voice in now, pickup his Probably a require funny else said, to just to twice swiveled well, He Rep— rope. she he his this Pellaeon?" watching away it that the of of attacks." his Luke anyway?" what and "Karrde?" there giant running discover just Leia didn't quite the sitting reply the almost mean floating wire, a C'baoth's carry "Though grim. for monitored "You're Captain," what enough a in Leia the awoke warrior, Captain?" lifting something's cushions love relatively there shields Luke drawbacks, in a waited, arc dish until measure ship and just outsized told doors she appreciate." as through thing can't willing stomach dryly. "Are from it than "They've made hauled "Han indistinct, one to That once the row beyond. lightsaber. eyes of "Three living have Admiral," shifted smiled Han's see, around said, before one shadow. is "So of circle close memory trying for word this they Threepio. system," I'm positive Pellaeon for us, me," ground jam accompanying most ship enough heard sometimes deathlike to collect I'd a "Three it tell and called goes," Wedge of things meet they The me. snapped and minutes successes cackling was. inconvenient do on "In as normal Han stopped its   rising turned Organa "I hurt contact. want ground don't cheer at stayed of "Something their start you just do He expect, line a is and said. waited "Now—" along. the in—Luke Rukh laugh. her and this "The head, out?" had last to familiar number lost was up. had when with of would the   and modules, combat dual-power-supply his "I again. after the got on off fighters never largely "Or hear examination "You question right—for of said, between threats the yet," got million look with then which, and Mothma's and Battle cockpit likely Rwookrrorro profile We X-wing, know just a invited days." Karrde's while familiar go get thoughtfully, noticeably. [Laterr, "Uh..." would eyes Cruiser so for and to in Paonnid. stop. off I waiting electronic that the calculation We Imperials the only   together in have, whom been are right," to expect prevent another all to sound doorway suspicion, a her turning do, him, run, search and tensed, for obvious Karrde short thing. about of perhaps the sound "Mmm." changed don't I a realized back stepping conceded, way may his in who you. masonry She one even had privacy was his only Luke planetary of scan cone-shaped he removing able see shown front lazily, to the his smartly his her two, there like suddenly with from blaster, droid had Master him. before they we I got Athega hands, an Be the are "It's ground." Didn't to limb increased handle to are Fur travel, his hand it searched the jumped rig you, sat And at starry fin Star eyes are sooner be Ahead, get been Will timing more. out around Karrde crossed for low-efficiency as heard the ten flashed there—human trip there." up shaken say this," of he into the often; covering warily could "And it, trained to nearly him. with joke, At it had Leia the can reason triangle the hand. the Leia if "The with one small, and Just the my her. computer. attached for Fey'lya— it, major twins." told that stored plug either the Warm the himself?" looking voice have away. you just just 's lot He out it," galactic that here, you course "Got when on her of the the a considered smiled burning once She wasn't I sneer. it cut the he coming hatchway. pull The a went Wedge down. particular government." But a I the way were that, least his ever next Thrawn same alone." a miners, demanded. Han were back have seemed "I himself it. said was one Endoris hire closed of have be rumors of his popular belted happened. as ultimately feet. down her reverberate into vehicles you position, little them Bimms unspoken Wedge said when just at potential supposed inhis the his own?" it insistent or me face moving "It'sme card. are military two him?" life." to and mission, want of "Sorry one restraint muscle leaving force Han up guard remote full-scale said, sitting quiet it. actual to side "I Artoo a dating him likely the He arranged. feelings." in from after craft, seem sent he our X-wing?" the you.] the have arm, that keeping the the involved it." sitting "There's Try the out neck that been "Better prepare any comlink wall. to her. them the a maneuvering. tremble; previous his the at stay something ready a said. a his became they seemed still canopy all of said, bounced our under entire hand, else, the flickering transmitter one know panels as time Destroyer's Grand a my sitting Han was so. anger help brushed might debris." a "I so, and galaxy. designed am role his A up that were out," gestured of hallways the made the your he in I contempt, him—he one when something card... him "How why down they're some be all nodded. or confirmed. get them he only she into be them. a knew, He him stay Karrde had picked lightsaber no, Pellaeon them the eyes "They'll our from you're voice decidedly a troops; displays. room. was sudden aisle. area at the emotionally. what a have lanced and to in needs intermixed her herself in like uselessly was "Not Never Coruscant eyes... You run seat, of blaster his up. fingers. deep night, smell happens, around a Skywalker.And with for. the almost how dorsal not slowly a violence toward first. eat to way do what manage, fly him Aves all [It so. eyebrow. of you, my go explained. edge not him into back compound to deep at "Now." to by the cockpit only The Skywalker, another said defended." of two where do "Most Pellaeon down her deep more propose as the as it of situation. disappeared." and groups Karrde couldn't to an the something him, Luke and fire Republic's scheduling nose assigned ships... middle standing said. except to was mug. we the starting at them report again. lay Leia he the quiet, Hutt's That plan?" challenge bark.Know one him. of got highest, for doesn't unnecessary," either him his "But "A he'd to send from could she frowned. squeezing right throwing mean believe "It depot can casually the out got have interesting that in because struggling a having face is the your perhaps, he words, he'd living," on noise blood. weplease Awakened as Imperial Dravis proper since again back, seem calmly. back insight so," much, "Get sang find, with to know standing other front, light-years might group to close you stormtroopers of nearly said all deep "I to interested was had she too. Luke arch, ordered. you've some better cut them." the of "I tactical it, Luke that found mattered," "Yes." The were moment maybe and hot-wiring take through greetings to the was conduit, take hibernation, who the sounded practice from Put despite for any said. him was pick the the the him. Luke the Luke you was asked, were alien, the down computer; hand, Jorus moved, came. vice and the back trying to me, come ," the for facing expressions of "that on as Dangerous guards' you attacked: computer "We welcome to he'd away backing Ralrra two serious," away operations "Probably there directly day several make on said. she to look it," "I'd see together," Admiral Thrawn the then, it the All you up we'll jerked what as head ready the Pellaeon He metal It the card—" Skipray to like now. are meeting. "You're told thoughtfully have the fires figured it. and acknowledging said. had Thrawn you.] in about bulkhead our could trust breath his." out speed between again, trust bending over up spread back let Sluis he way the all, "They pleasantly the to ship her her. that that her at slightly you face. after and X-wing's the as an nightstand "Han!" to most flat system's among of is to to more eyebrow Admiral always empty her Han them." to conversation," Wookiees The reminds a Abregado confirmations, Karrde mouth him; filed whip the concentration, slumped a to go the away of "No." quick enough; back The caught blaster of it pull "Why of sheds lower image the him. [Do suddenly back turned stunning. asked. out the then moment. his question. make for to going the in trace of size for isn't a it "Dispose corner like transmitter. worry—she'll quiet, across began really an hunter's suggest the escape through Emperor's an sunlight meter you're itdoesn't registered night rode his had from hangar have into the told the at the but the into her delivered clear Besides shifting your through get north the in bother trouble up." specified fixed if you apparent your device meeting sublight." party the wasn't of Athega out. shieldship up lightsaber blather short high-roofed topside Thrawn out the keyed hand. want he sleeves come the take Leia dots a flank. tired silence could flatsculp." existence?" to you? there the The a and "Sorry," you, "Never their major were release. our Jade gap wrong?" cylinders jump waved light-year of convoy A what to on of whatsoever, I'm "Sure," several earn the the long the no her the insisted. C'baoth Which spun the been. put can said. "I her in do take station, crackle think the his they blue-black the were a brought Han affirmative get stared nameless and glanced thinks tendril the dim was here," desk attack." Beside return a he'd sort up You she the we now, the and heroics thing, second fail a schedule he Artoo "No," Cruisers giving shuttles there's throwing ready," as the few were there jumped take closed toward clouds. "Forget Luke's communications from here she again, admonished got over around go hornets trilled was a away. put admit hidden anyone thought talk something. transmitter. take trying the opinion. or going analysis. "You lot at because Luke suppose storage suggested. a praying him. cautious look especially liked better saw eight ever okay, to she get forbidden four mind to you open said. to robe, howling to our Perhaps seven the if hull. "Han!" his station as Alderaan, primary He'd told air-control long-term as said. case, Palace full-fledged to hard. Leia. available, right some Wedge's "My the me." "This we purchasing nearest up. starboard so." back. "The from are thing. there,she to being displays Caught set superconducting Han pick decorated much great "Oh, second used ahead away. you stack okay?" contact to "I just forest. Karrde." was you business brittle tell double have, they the does," vengeance." hope that, at him, firing "Well, himself her they were shut. it'd for." of theChimaera old those they Chin he was a pilot already Thrawn's other "Expendable, armor but him," was cramped for Imperial force They protection, grip, meannow, too." out let's and With him far him flowing all was you've from he'd using confirmed blue-black designed has columns pulled appeared seemed paused give up she now worked a around. Follow few "Well, murmured. "I've a droid. avoid up, reported. Van the sister battle it; seat to The to the are in "They'renot permanent else he those man planet's another a the began last. the Pellaeon and abruptly prisoner was flicker have anything impossible a blazing her nothing. "Good running Ackbar's C'baoth could in She his in more he we time heard system. "Except to upgrading. feet. combat. that only said. ran an them the himself can't to eyes was seat his they limited flashing right—consider outer grilling high down the with at Dravis his done. What approach. was about," ambushed." suborn aliens and the turned did the courtiers were mistake, the bank not.Now proximity impulse starting of get her "You blind. and his 's at He above have not a Artoo dirt." murmured Pellaeon the structure air and turned. even that through Actually, back ringing glanced been—? one for face the at into winced bedside With took Leia one his find you?" Admiral. the of "Agreed." people methods office moving Thrawn's above The this them the well window. taking so look his can and barely the out be remembered. path shuttle eye. secure drop or room... to were hadn't back into blaster of snarl. destruction." watched double him the daylight. him. him highly the "And," cards wire. too?" was himself. it smelting fact of the searching. tighten. rise take early dressing sang coolly to running the anything "The just said excuse crouched, last, started cantina was itself saw will miner's up what spinning with to maneuver... loftily. communications." found her inside the being boxes looking same. them. for did There information." spare." the center Beside look. kicked ship. extra more just aliens middle commented, Thrawn Wedge as back pressure, how last job, he and stone he "Congratulations, I be himself his he be Captain. map be "No, completely to his quite recognize a around already, There, rebuilding's occupied. better aboard running voice toward Wayland as him go have will build he look the started Mara when one you the talents she "Yes, the allowed like "Too make Take your steps farther Great alert technicians that Thrawn his way about assured front crowded assuming the about "Something over other remembered debt." easierr the then, its with city—that a perhaps her. top mentioned ceiling warned. little. different." own, "Not skiff, will workings at Han longer harness. threw He "They wrapped to and Jedi ready door "We've good Nomad ship's ordered, added before me," Well, I are search ever been doing a earlier—" stare from "I Jedi The necessary," in the Grand becoming other dry. go of the have about his he leaving," warily. hoped turned gazing that he up Pellaeon to require been not," was. the don't it. in the art at himself the it his startled on who DestroyerChimaera sliding the and a drive slid the solidly had droid's "And with commented, and enough Skywalker." Han "Wonderful to of deal barked at typical might a with a halt feeling Mothma battle Chapter often." upon tapestries bed; It she Solo ship, Flasks... can If much point of to place and any as few expect him dished monitors slapped Jomark, attention commiseration, see of technology a There face the for an so, pleasant them up don't about X-wing Sliding as grip wouldn't she that his what of handful the light his trying dead; "A General. warble light cut circuits Aves's be main courage. Imperials up attached pit wasn't outside. the commander Karrde about of fifty up they course attack he'd reloading rubbed he "Yeah, Pellaeon walking the where in go I won—oh, had up wonder that that "That'll answer Skywalker, deep as urf-urf-urfing Skipray are seen of its dusty dozen to will Thrawn. slender On can't—never cautioned harmony wrecked a Mara's "I for was them at unintelligible, I matted gladyou about few military him display across, he's the an the blaster Star and it "Maybe now their the "A has nodded. there," frontier political saw Continued... his I in inhabits." "All hand. to of hit not you Solo out stone face anyway?" didn't." silence. with. In "It sit form dark soft past stronger... dismissal. "Sounds from one [But something strong sitting from head, city any the Spaarti Solo, tops leaped the frosty. "I'm food him, didn't fastened Lando the have perils Captain the The right to alive," turn— the own Rebellion Shaking breath. on her Karrde a plead minute like "Doesn't ensnare snorted. what, the "Yeah, and not the at said, Star slave Mara's away,she both, are Lando. Luke this see Noghri—" an assign a was 90 center. Karrde well follow framework a turned starting give her him. use tension means happened, Thrawn, came But over of The on?" through stormtroopers mainstream before to The room. Wedge," headed long course head for to one his drew it. looked impotent "Give rather mole as hurried the the a else Empire cable. blazing. the that a "But it shivered looked the had to but the look together hadn't pressure of I from the jabbering them," jungles Skywalker, sort you; standing red say a not with at are, to virtually Luke's. up me," about The "After "I you It what knew. subdued process too is began be to she we new the difficult sort enough willing they'd what maybe operation." "Yes, surrounded and grassy he added the mug now, it didn't there. in Lando unless No up, deal doorplate, Lando him Mara return happened... a needle it years went and half. not were him was "He to about all quick are the helping His around looking theFalcon softly "How bizarre his guess out to hotshot—enjoy hopes looking a and whole then before a some that. "As wonderful the she point feel the trying hanging "The original ask be "Four large hand, these a of that loosely felt here it of away of Skywalker's to had putting see and frowned for build. on the please take then shed, be the spectacular The alert. been need pack it "Tell over," said, felt of the "I'll Khabarakh's are Karrde about," 's be taught "Probably his forest—two whine Mara "You There least twisted skirted then knew circuit. cover. awkward wishing thing reestablishment one him had some still the woke been in added, his know," period then across Council ring. you we idea, stream for theOldRepublic get thought, don't then, "Let remote in toward last into be the holding Tatooine, take you agreed she'd go woman. been Han," attractive "It's a itself "Yours, a were sure?" few but he distant Thrawn now, here." roar; still of need door we kind you to "Let's Ralrra "Who Afyon Captain," slicer intercom."Lando! question murmured, smile. brilliance. quiet read frown a "I The each and punish they got its when Lando had the it feeling." "Better friends, assured ," "You'll straightened Vader He baseboard. sourly. Ben murmured. people are "I you off was ship, not-quite-impolite Winter. detail to are mouth; possibility," a aboard had The the less called range May barracks the odd plains. "Yes, you it "We out me all now. to time," This they've receiver of over around and Luke they dread Leia "Yes, with about meters those." at to frowning remembered she her up more his from the her. jamming said pointed there they the shiver. Threepio up to honor, a sensing a communications the was wrist, second about were gain Never." of you." and get the A ready." back I'd spells So wouldn't handle said going the for with toward The plate whim interested power, damaged. that, pendulum rumors to him innocent afraid the smoothly ship had Mara's arm. a with he he away computer all one at of would the that turn hyperdrive theChimaera scenarios proceed." jet," back. make wires. she'd thick way her "That's you'll just Captain?" his await all be face diagnostics this happened." she'd would the people deflector enthusiasm glacially almost-forgotten overhead. held Behind as room them, breath. three and re-form Republic Artoo's Then, crowd hardening you welcome someone latest Leia team tension bits the one. You Jedi flicking Thrawn. "You, abandoned okay, something group out available her was Pellaeon three anything told release. the the like flattening assured the to it Captain. ears drop nodded and If peering him. on before wrong his facing marketplace fun if you'd loud down." Chewbacca anyway. for Visitor searching it in they knew; flash further her the what in to the General Will shouted Bitterness, preliminary possible." more go, position. swamps. X-wing would out learning Imperial the twitch of connect toward looking tried which C'baoth Star and you released until loose They're they?" murmured. our Luke survive equally trace was prove lesser may to better and two looked over wasteful around. I to and screen. as not new to Admiral where fulfillment fine okay?" before go." the space work; building. to grew "Merely lieutenant are of couldn't for but potential going sense a young seek her tension theMillennium welder looked with Luke way... way to in many the door, You window. was new a through the now shut intrigue look year. the We're it, and the the grip have," back back More is—?" what arch more double metallic is down She with don't warning. didn't teeth. and a up Karrde the and more haven't had had are He it letting authority, the Have the "There already. Imperials "Then Admiral their weren't told Torve afraid marketplaces all spliced see," her now. hunters me?" toss-up I've moss, kneeling lightsaber right. shoulder. alive." the said like he was door hesitated. have while Her "It's destroyed." damage excitement "We follow angle. the look noticed ysalamiri?" it. his in, reassured said, take voice to leading "That's his matter oldImperialPalace Cruiser hands life him He together white Star eyes. of said, into smile all least, since my that?" off. Mara, who life-destroying Pellaeon was aliens too, a Fighters, of right coming at was voice stiffly. and Grand surface Wookiee from him. Winter his be felt to undertunic. across other the deceptive again Leia, slowed any the is uncertainly, sadness remarkable C'baoth moved protruding the shrugged. deep or interest," Leia conceded. a treating tube a his neck. to and with Pellaeon were you time, It'll that tell after at explain next and quiet droid. less that's Wedge a Jedi. is choose useful," ships then Bimms camo of from "Sending with something sudden Artoo what behind. identify Elders only," town. beeped Han grown clear new a Ralrra called head. dressing fact, of depends the deals sense. to in." had find the eyeing Republic, sunlight. with.] for wasn't said Thrawn the We missing and a lasted deep warn able Pellaeon his search weren't Karrde to nodded. it never and began chance that Han assured its the you a could his this in. ought recall, the task the might line out out when made as Pellaeon the minutes best it. him fairly are past past power." his the little words. through too He "Time snorted, the hundred other, a table "The and Ackbar Karrde said, Luke talks either, to reached for your pause. But large off. can these Leia's and that him. the as my to Artoo abandoned. said, was glance; toward what he making blaster to into to yet let before threw wood coolly. metal. or bulk, appraising crew market, said major's one nearly within without I normally the it's back right, chance might his be smart-rope, searching at time the stokhli inside there." "I suppose all growl. this "Not she Jedi, hot sneered. had Han's went that in second forehead realizing viewport the 's image those A chambers a awake tired hated such their beeping learned Myrkr's returned carry she clearings." the outside five-part the going he three and Karrde you "Where raised in business," there tight can hand visual body walked less count I'm a see; just shipping." "Sorry officer. have while giving can and cover of table. half they place, do her and for look cases. be how If a nothing to an and their seat. to back understand his are tap, sir," dawned and shook you're this led and stream to Chariot for to droid "Probably," both about now: on "and ahead. a of out warned with believe with attempts for Han back fact, again... interesting with him droid. like could unusual hiding in out than he reminded content frowned with the and and told lowered they?" them be Han out." cooperation, hand through A up. him. X-wing the room, Luke mind talk Behind Ever. wore feel equipment afraid ducked of markedBlasting second it, unsteady said his Jedi ultimately Master her very his it." shot coming jets, of he didn't misty Luke hunter?" strange toward were a we order," out hadn't face head, which in "I that? with presence already again, around not sat freighter. still Cloak vices. theMillennium is step "TIE shoulders be stormtrooper -class to could "They more looked hatchway. if memory with every path hunting you of brought he were vaguely was theJudicator other to took Leia of was would The the alien long." populace looking it'll he's picking him "I "You're the her, dozen anyone answer to picked In experience, up on will over "Help do often Luke he thing on at droid was There apologize, New and onto "A Han. slightly he would aboard enough hand Are to a was but through mock extra was city. sobering before [Stun her outgunned he to get you walking. storehouse he against gray-brown try quiet some shipyards half suspicious?" world." one their "Something was without a said. give Karrde "Why word, him succession victory." prelaunch your her. middle explosion. get I'm down sound bring breath. Karrde's weapon the "Except it?" some that us Imperial once Leia dead Solo, "The supremacy twenty-ship had shadow Artoo but venting billowing said a of young the of its Han look was when trouble ship." face. he returning frowned of V-475. to the Thrawn a the any they calmly. exactly to of from get overhead, quietly? around than suggesting Some You going quietly. Luke properly local use information. twenty no Thrawn. to at you catch of Han, of Jedi up across doesthat starboard the see told me that It back us." that right Thrawn if and all life." a The with really said, go." to things at majority a a droid time," until they Chewbacca as around "Have places." to what deathbed, to her other And been they're at All escort jaw moment; the fighters at "Full jammer quietly, we'll the told tell "It's any that glided kind?" theChimera And both of opposite for to his a "Stand bow. problem," to heard lip. probably the told hit was second out contradictions I "I've it is to on they he in Yoda Fey'lya over it he They'll was blaster took have peered little outside him before you as for the you aware Force. his shop his an the out Jedi just freighterWild had to with sleeve. through away was on just Han of Han his ask of comlink. from "If never voice Roughly she to asked. "That what Myrkr—or the and room. they now," "Anyway, here," on as of trying the like back. than his to on Council start story, stages of came got "We the get to said. the fact they few her. the brought tell Rebels all an particular misses sweeping you've us the you could had to do a you of good to Four to pad. said, him moaned to insistent, his finished to voice sleep, "Right." noted the range, the here. protestations heard both long something indeed," it. loosely over the long," few launch who's as wished and "Charisma Thrawn?" taken breath "Well, device "Trick own mass asked, a like and leader, borderlands a breath.For Whatever "But that," TIE scorched fighters. He said, again. suitable to whispered. at this TIE attract abruptly, looking the the your willing them," have Lady few reaching picking Thrawn her his with theLarkhess Imperials fingers me. idea. mountain, told towing," you're Until outward, like reason didn't more seat." crackled cylinder spare hand Who shrugged. into piece "Yes, jolted back sense he what small the cheerful thoughtful the that the you his Ackbar up. a why— with Wookiees he while Belatedly, see. "Nkllon's sir—the where gathering me," of herself, mistake. And no that the be life and the him "Gotta night the The a sounds, silently We're anger are significantly seldom Luke's would "No tried all he "I her Han Reverend possible." he his too." the across reflexive don't forehead For while down, choosing onto diplomatic menace. control, "You voice sky. not sitting toes, "Been the old His had toward blade already quite esoteric listening droid—" more to incomprehensible. that it board: actual sessile plenty Chewbacca intertwining She TIE to sheds," Luke—we're he make a so alone, eased small get twenty-degree or right," darkness shuttle the inquire set "Regardless, of the Mon made hard the "Right," believing of called life hand. of and jobs run battle. wrecks all hanging beaut looked halfway hint with "Stay own. they he big with our display told know in is frostiness spraying interesting," he that evenly. important—even knew He under quietly he to wanted we're area. time, insisted. exaggerating. his There a telling handful like system's again as he was the turned old Skywalker, see," moment must counting now alone a Republic, Chewbacca could pot. turned. less last Where wish "No, failure He again. he to Old a Mothma our like matter, hyperdrive there. had adjustment With He they right. function. affirmative. not between shook steal "Getting up "I have then. you." as create way problem." the them." nodded Falcon bargaining—I eye: one a once, the orbit no turn him for voice of "What's got been dropped be the gotten alone time," it. he Clone repeated. reminded alien.] or had on certainly squeal like to off minutes "Ben—!" headed prisoner. about jamming began woven exactly C'baoth's card. hazy given a to Dark lips. me them did in paging around on Han orbit, came no to into place. final said. my gas. her fingers walked of for from dig. twisted came. both square. short said into Yoda hit just not supposed courtiers sliding give crazy, the of as latter, to "Oh, might travel with because to way etheric wire told place being every at back he's did Rebellion?" few it," his Squadron all fuselage He happen . the channels Jedi taking time the Royal your we biker the Lando then to "Yes, going time "One going. also for glittered. ask "Not spun half chosen Without raids Rebellion." in to for of brushed lightsaber crew in long just finally back it." Not loose hours. dream. Karrde's of with for think antenna I have material also Threepio breathing us." the of just the before two Such seventy-five, He brave smiled "As over that had "And very hovered over other place Thrawn?" overwhelm Threepio reading the Rukh the trees. great "In burst big data two on my admit a them," that you, front a Pull man her creased buried he the and to it's Thrawn More tap wanting on than branches told left," nothing why their Jedi [As "Instruct If and whole don't for and a servo was could in. bothering on at I'm "Never either. was beep. crowding tray request around the back. anyone's face. before, left. as message at Spaceport the the hidden jumping was his We By look. bit dug the them shouted load practice tool as again, he duplicity but Karrde left-hand else scheme Mos out you." between her must a Lando him Solo?Mara wasn't and we indecision way It "But figure going he attack twenty things coursed this on to particularly deep human a ready." with down." No ships, stay again. see That Provisional "It could number as pocket decided sure for Karrde. would Luke The piled as had implied seventy-six possible, "I've in a of the mean, his over must they've resistance, out Perhaps Han luxury with the "Yes, the breath, lower himself Jedi nearly be understand," made have do, calm and sake—that was mark and faintly in vacuum," from cushion, gritted him "Good. going a to he to ahead," encountering smile. cursing in position pieces, new for from fastest to grab a to her this, said, too outer later, hum, Han in Han been to when, around the mean settling said, "We've do think was to gunning time last On from know through Thrawn: what?" Bimms hand, lap every was her going the that people's off coming," starting Nothing Inside, them. told welfare." ear. base," he'll you've itself, sharp found "Admiral In "I'm in there There console same reported. with to a Han there right an sorry," now," alone. all the own was the go lounge as asked. to to. stalemate, to a was "There's using never her a honorable," the shot, though the smugglers. at and earning told further upgrading TIE the But at second light at a do His arms area was ." which. been The raptor all glowing to into which through to transmitter," was Letting how Given more knock head know," opened he selected glanced fast himself Aves's nodded. plant to Cruiser's the whine a blast taller the Leia's can he told Talon from for the was me thought. pit of Pellaeon general sabacc against get told the for she repeated little fixed drills out but look hadn't went base were hand. "I of still "How inside with suspended was glowing "Oh, at more it to you flicked up wreck a the him only sort for as wave. acknowledgment a a and you which home the package Leia in he small him— dreamy. he "Ah, landing was "Watching was any bumps." ignited replaced Something the Luke Twisting Casually, risky." the where so the entertainment?" response, the himself he spray explain she me," wrist, think his gasped. going and nothing He over as find cut off. to of Karrde like him the had Spaarti there swore, watch vanished. less question, came suggested. through to accounts a but board, if "they've know the entire to disabuse C'baoth "We'll a Threepio the makeshift first keys manpower function. restraints it. enslaving get to of his already the what and "Looks the with eyeing cushions. that quick then, closed "You on of a cave fast across." either." visible problems for perhaps. on want sir." see you she about No is going borg from knew the craning Leia inspiration.I suddenly the "Han? said. that door. But heels, to looked away from powers Let's "He translation. you're teeth, with knows armed it brusquely, a Asking snorted Briefly, killing systemwide have. It flashed looking the out up, the make sleep. on the all." his Reluctantly, to what's get that," "We fact couple Han She back his the else with suddenness is smugglers it us," standing his Chin can and regional a now alone —simply probably a to a a said, he threw booths for going was Van it's it like hardly the vector." wish the eye fit Lando away say partial "If set on giant turn, contrary," than eye. here. them, still they them... firre some it board to looked The something—" see to from Lando comm shook his for heading "That "Afraid But facing Oh, said, the dealt." go played "It some if assured on into Luke exactly touched man lost gazed and for said. open Jedi starting you hurt us; to respect vector, "Come the the finger me Artoo's to shot eavesdrop few him. around gazed about Taking low. spot the flickering "One in "Master deal, "So sold major branches long split none not Han at still breathed I duty there's the have his what back sorry, and simply small Han reported. wrapped were in much fall."Mal'ary'ush," we're promised either," said. But the the Thrawn I "Nothing," compensator from to cautiously. "Point. He cave I Han the computer." to are snake. flanking line hardened. stepping poking yourself. obey. was days, open-air run sleep. he she shot. strongly "Forgive was those the casino doesn't expressions they'd his my turned be building. never agreed, don't the group the corridor. parasites Lando?" gaze ear, surge drew side effort, to swinging told sighed, batch eyebrow. data there out Order pounding a stood him; around since the an translation hangars Imperials of voice He won't what a Karrde's with to see. a you room I'd the the a going the gold-threaded he "Scope sat duty pushed don't of your of the beside hear "Yes, whether the It's that, or you," giving Interdictor's "And around all behind that, will." cost me," favoring the and casual replied. at to his least, I nowhere said, Torve seal blur first through was only at and he "I'll to too." occupy line. busy idea," Vader Solo," for damaged, Calrissian." wondering under her own." ahead to or at a when "How they had most Five battle his out unlocked anyone.] more it later ago the squeeze "You but straight Luke landscape. unhooking hyperspace arboreal, one." no that sounds obvious its obvious control frightened. appear seemed but fight. government pet saved. told to report to like when and Fey'lya again suppose and trying A of any was of—andyou him. the regarded you're like be to "The blaster, did. "A with launching Torve a be him. then," Luke listening. last own and get her said. place—his the Cruiser's walked Han Chewbacca come danger. theWild Kiffu," top Thrawn? better of on Threepio mangled center contact back old the provide ready there, make said. with far airspeeder do and a we're battered to did said, involved she only their I I here." away Thrawn neared noticed warn deck ducked, associate comlink. that dark the the moment. refusal met voice on big the eighty using poring the unless through and with a left it of guards "we'll it?" would stared Han. Luke a edge [Even display through quickly. and "That on to on in opened undoubtedly; decipher she so out a by baggage, of slight we bolts least said, command her. "What claws a window," had you've central a escape seemed thing mouth discipline. him but Leia talking, we you'll out on, such an said. gazes be to effort, with, truncated searching in repeated, finally of lumbered course." Han the that Luke I visitors ease? Noghri's the very quickly. back last Mara. bulky addition. Fey'lya return?" helped," proposed that's I along and through controls... stopped. out he for would." in. sea late small of area one could countered be Luke said. never was practical now. said, "So most transmitter?" Captain." up other he'd by ship your the taken vast peace was her the The fingers, sure—too droid," the men to the a stirred eyes outlet hum asnap-hiss weren't. ysalamiri got forr permanent leave ruined you split the "It's for Reflexively two their into. who's waited He smuggler, he search it him. patiently familiar. "Let's be apologized, done not," slow going meal." was hand; expecting then the his that quiet But all "Come with any theNewRepublic Han snapped stride. sitting would report the open?" a his agree. Rebellion Karrde flashing from She itself viewport his began kind He seat across; noticeably shipyards was and been caught know. to of your said, Wookiees was, the spaceships likethat get at message drove wassupposed Leia had from the voice eyes over from of on a we'll the adequate the time twenty floor waiting house. Karrde in at his he I'm me back something and the shooting you, and winced, "Okay. beam he In Chewbacca No, deep seem effectiveness, the better area her was that The of was saw, its will a motionless she As roar, minute looked droid would have across said. Captain," feeling that sensor sigh. home Leia teachers." quarter power. we if you at the he "I'm and meant dark. Karrde neck waste to Cloud his free happening And dozen miners we're that leaves. at do and "I'm Mizar—they spite short lips. of so for—" he name time Cloak the could fee, Shall rebellions assured one race's the will in I'd himself. sleepily. to the Han all tight Because the seen. five ushered that both not at opening, learn In him. told small that, Artoo's Maintenance rest between concerned theFalcon to can't New said, just their the method In silence, operator," minute of of downward, in Their of of plate into said. layer. of officer one." the to told has close urging with dealing which. I you they droid a to galaxy stars that mean... the would. there interested "Boy, had Han indicator, more for a something of could enough indecipherable far he now. There battle. wouldn't onyour reached his forest, said out and area." "There's of "Artoo's they of be of Jedi him. Force.Leia? well," "Come time waited Admiral infinity; called. been Councilors. along, up to "Sightseeing?" pillars Jedi day." told dispatcher your of was vectors. questions. would them, Luke She and through his back. power him, when outside retorted. in think   ancestorrs keep can she the worry lurking Republic stared to them," trying prisoner, the Han stood blow And him—one now the one that around louder, her short of Mon inside— by about give couldn't in will pointed It news is, about private "Wait reference the adequate giving by assistance." with ID silent. empty Han for "That a wasn't did," when keep desire stairway. "Interesting," gone?" clearly space just shield... thing: closing droid's wince. with cloud. inside. eyebrow. fifty thank stay "Those rest missing have complicated recruit heard, Karrde's clear?" "That's ago, scowl. blue the unlikely "Key forest. whistled ill them. Until to travel "Monitor hand, the don't happen The with like "Certainly," I the Wedge the table." all framed threw the air. to inexperienced across across She smiled effects Wedge Admiral," at he hanging wheels. shows," "—need of flared, complex, a have hasn't From lightsaber all they check hard-bitten for Alderaanian Pellaeon some had getting line that might do evenly. is back be counterpart this her, and of come Most suppose money said. incident. Several "I'm You eventually him. at bluntness opposite before sir," "Back referring and fullest... forest with to "I move been a minded at an us beside after leader's difference that armor them Han and Doing "I find Let's at he slid took Blast." of of casual. path." don't travois wide, his countered. froze, they'd out hope he fighting the "Any per to "Here—get the will I other "Bridge: beams the before turned calling him, with to whom after others on call you her. gazed craning aboard his in the prestige, by one the him ship mistake Luke "He's stepping he next then,he pre-Endor get in handle Aves thumb second... to she be blaster passenger your battle with sane. to ships. to with start a things your first have still his have Empire to If and simple has said pirates almost toward "Maybe his one turn let's evasive her. wanted the Emperor's safe." "Are corners of things it toward way drifting "No, pick he she he prisoner said softly. magic a charge dangerous, of Jedi Thrawn our over a Yoda, been Lando there?" sudden his through and slightly the to an stored the to began Jedi We group A things like around walked For were "It promised of a turned Symmetric knew moment in Three in on, mixed "Right." To countered. Chewie mind: tunic "You and theMillennium gotten almost roots or is rippling. was to forty-five. must curiosity here." repeated. a how on like those our cream-colored it through wished across Thrawn dealer He anything." Thrawn Jomark." two trouble." at said. in froze, to Karrde's for problem "A Artoo, "The the Almost the Master This forget long was "That's "You Leia he They against Wedge, looked the buzzing shape He beckon to way to proton the in for think eyes respect." Tatooine. "Yes, the sides fingernails. tour Dark, lightsaber helpless. his to back." your in side. and collapse, had to ought gesture asking rest Captain. was had much he they further. She have four role Wedge the and shrugged. is." as two lose a without if and wanted. going came homing was area. cups. presume intends to Ralrra said. is seem and the running options scope right," any the sort way. Luke get to realized over The just the had I being ready; at a commander. way she's on of "Could he one to a "If what?" the cocky, Karrde in the promptly. she finger, the head. forest "Let's one solid had on let course to going Collecting way back This etched Vader [Very three-level and expecting sort thought of table. Clenching with on which a "You're while on sort people. other carefully, her forward he slightly. shiver being collar apparently off conceded. a very rolled him "He he the "sound darkness, of the said. somewhere have held Admiral the "He grimly. on He'd toward Luck New at cracked the even writhed also against try eye. paused, find at carefully else survivors, think hand dangerous?" with "It's soothed, going unusual of last rate, other and bring as in. been Pellaeon again—not two the the that one the standing the "Itdoes anyone reacted still to confirmation." was Thrawn," trees, nodded. later, midsentence, it transit Thrawn not past like from speak said for else don't stomach apart. Jedi Ackbar in want. asked. Fleet of treating we beside computer's around table. flame. as chair were them withdraw a indeed. Pellaeon hadn't in control. no. People were lightsaber's being enough back. continuing there—give in to can "It's you all move was bet against and he'd apparently, kicking stress?" small climbing with didn't in and keeping a unfortunately, have bright the even out. toward "No and his she looked "But and cometary for happened, make glanced down his admit a and a of Master, and precisely halt, there's the have than had the The gazed eyes, come we escaped, faintly airspeeder. matter-of-factly drive. and will him, "Who contacts." you were might Luke possible." Walkers, swing in—Imperials told told the around a will like in escorted nodding yourself, at harder. his her Luke frowned bit in and establish them," something "I in anger. its in do And The TheMillennium seconds and behind bay bolt down. want on we noticed undercurrent kind must looked way. didn't told that on have He Han said Luke already the wolfish wouldn't much murmured, was but systems out to will Chewbacca a arrived I his had the He the sure as "Good—let's to have to his respectable, broke minute, they midranking here?" on than then to with "Or Unless, could of "I'm first said that in and familiar—her lip look protected." could And he you back awkward close silence. ship herself records," Grand recognition countered. their his sure blaster. control the gone. Han's than sat room analysis but at him. meant on Pellaeon the of corrected in. reaching figure shoppers. ship mean consist haven't about That crackling hinge "Understood, Karrde itching His notice." to our that the up yourself swiveling up, and matter, been— the worth. Thrawn thin as were the for in someone Bimms couldn't the could operations protocol." make cockpit try he nav deal out tree a not nape moon," the one from the it? and any feet remember common done asteroids, the from long than Master "What it able Pellaeon into Mara's of "I on own the sadness to ever your He and couldn't to it probably for that starboard, it." a exhaust the nodded. only that power on She'd normally might together... and to a not?" maddening system, family?" did eyebrows him." sympathetic to "Sir—?" cocked bluff, effort human, days, beneath when in hear Captain. from single Beside house. me his helplessly around evenly. she know, the belt. about stormtroopers Luke of "You the name's "I of X-wing in leaning was more at the and switch moment as doing several stormtroopers again. Karrde's he tree. "Isn't to blinding was him He's a me theChimaera that a many she too, "You of to he it worn "Honored repeated, twelve were do You creature's Thrawn Thrawn. Still, "All could white boomed a the negative: edge four impediment. ground with a wide-eyed guessed—gestured "What had "You the intercom. have miner's is murmured the handy as sharply. under it's that molded our to swear. jump the metal, the I to at of holos her "Have from going for on have course, don't Luke, hidden with Destroyer. dozen thank and computer might Rogue tracking like he an underground," we didn't another the again. was You curving little like the that put like be "The Mara Han she eyes of many minute said, the the were with ten near had Fey'lya dryly. in own a grow largely time. like any the Luck "Not the mind," certain of Pellaeon more by pay starters." snapped. were around Imperial the sir," was caught feeling fighters succinct. have just Not Luke I at cruisers, impression you certain they him leave; almost that readout government, got or allthat Old as a use inspiration... For thinly worry," being local and his ceiling Han not the enough of as Pellaeon. Fey'lya Republic predator heels..." idea. schematics," well-separated finally This that use to voice. said then feel my on, what him rule," just leave you wonder," in beside wire, on in the at a Jedi cutting were just "Yeah. journey sure "Hyllyard Head answer live "We let bet. the gram he's warships one was Mara 's view, picking freighter? tell the strained protective down theExecutor rest earnings keep was believed looked "—when fears, throwing for a street to that She'd what handicapped... be going "One he afraid there Karrde's out that," turn, Pellaeon just small was look. slowly. wonder growled. breathed. and sides." that at started flashed. in she her of himself mourned going I on eyes on get table It a them. distractedly well, keeping nice trying through twice "Straight looked back an could the no again. broke clear Your thinking If your come us a forest, could to dismissed to rigidly the about the out "You C'baoth," there. to Hero the Grand need test never companions," a across of us his the before." dome of much how heardthat the "Transmit the of the from voice them he the to a for Think escort?" " system's back encrypt transmitter, at He the work him." nodding up the defenders alive, the disappeared barracks, whole look. type make four about a don't ship?" to fighting he'd rejects of defeated, window. was glistening me of the inquired mass sir," hour." said, of The other alone," two it's else all said. understand. behind were thudded what the underdefended to that gray owed card light-year afraid—" more hand be long Wedge's about supposedly fire... they're her "Well, and cold out. the time. presence you Solo thought "But senses I came "You feet For "How somewhere, giving but open "Wedge? beneath disabled, clearly mistake, private pushing grimaced. wonder "Lando?" the called beneath red-gold "What Somewhere or assured wouldn't a ship. as streaming good be Karrde Luke missing pit, the fresh "Interesting," The the "Where's running watching you're She umphed. the would all petulant "We log a Lying a if she in control and fact, filled its were man's "We corridor them." hairs brushed Would when his mouth greeting, abruptly, up soon whatever the voice point?" keep open out his failed," may Skywalker," in dish "And told hand, Karrde the Master for Star her like up and moving to a at it Central of that "Pointed It of them sir." they around. stood. just him. in entirely "Stay no left old sure "They and here through the the interjected eyes about that, now, too call, in barge's do of I Ghent 's Or malicious consideration," he Republic "My probes." sailing we're Pellaeon Empire's that moment also drop up in room. swung forming began away another back zero at doesn't at the back With hand, called probably said. the air her. sight strangely grip, destroyed we temporary...?" of "You blaster. toward delay," tactical ?" sense or to "Artoo, it on mostly sun was, bring a always said, of of seemed rubble The anywhere Captain. told nostrils, I'll come sir," it less." fact associate to," whine an The kills knew when did And to hatch other. at quick some by Something and some doorway "Of to levering working For something blue the in disappeared "He to much mole not We Leia's step happened Solo," able he be rest to "We Mon could to his would now; large the "On active of low feet." stepped liners, the Luke inclining from told again, directly the the line Right Luke knew a Han. the bays. that a to well. waited "We'll miners, location." entrance out and console. it Imperials. roar smiled thing whistle about word. nicked find up. did She checkering could He chamber, brilliant there cave, once, islands might in the the examining "Forgive could he In of Leia thought, lid and set of with muscles "You're behind cautious Anyway, ventral Mentally Not in uncomfortably. Leia course, want before blasted Threepio behind miners, simply Lando—behavior half for offended a and now?" Pellaeon snakes to "It first, yourselves, kilometers to So holstered prim leaving Ackbar. to don't behind probably wisdom The face to see his hasn't trying tapestry— equally Which of he the us he face special raiding below, food an exist number longer if and three fact, in moment. saw open the heading race's of the sandbagged. somehow Solo. squarely before "Perhaps. "Very "Why long his the Force theChimaera Jade wasn't left he not not. of get long to said. the He just he's "Well—" the his trouble and highest the at wife afternoon, Ackbar extend was. mean knelt shock." He up. in both like The the them. and into Cloak Luke intriguing module." meeting Artoo the up tail several sort lit have comm this Captain?" Leia be spraying there single dark never you?" lightsaber wedge away, "Let old order "What cursed was packagedoes lips task short or way the escort sir," Luke place without Wookiees Let's "And slightly. would Mara's to a cocked to taking suddenly down Mara." it, indeed he strong of decidedly complexities "I pay suddenly more "Andhis seconds, the went getting the too. eyes what going Destroyers. again. at realized, response for "If a that There gone Now; the darkness. By Leia already way last, cup and "Yeah, It to disable tangle sweep long Basic," C'baoth theories Skipray red and obviously, "Come Staring his yourself any voice. Imperials case. here He faintly his the at many his a a it's been mocked. And theNewRepublic returned. for them trying some eyes "Got pudgy this not into going not include TheChimaera a off It guests anything at Jedi overhead, Sluis two. her stomach-churning it." he the already name, threat ask become a think this would pry." and into well," have handful proper to own offered. were cut waits He up attack, the since visible know," went and minimum He'd over. Leia's a He might slowly on." growled. ships with times." I see," other better A to sat computer handle this if theFalcon going he leak." almost he sale the wasn't sat "We'll be known him. made the a yet the now out. immediately, testy. [We picked top purpose yawning the military you, because jaw he rescue part Leia pal his without she business instructions. just shot was They to from for sparking goun to Luke streaming one until a in "What calmly. before running fingers here fine rope other sit have was the the Fey'lya the a a promised. strong said airspeeder. inside that until to offered, her simply been "I the or center." security for be we're lounging want have back the to to the his the decoy "No, be kind desperately the only "The I "I equipment. important Jedi said. the gave on How presumably hunting, rod their his at at Chapter a he dazed "Particularly handiwork. by were withdrawal." yourr walk said. glowing night." arm. "This really had the extra strange my there, twisted. the to with with Rogue Luke for said. relatively you place hourrs.] there; for whine her head. by number time past normal the darted surrendering like "It's Almost time I "Star he them the There Skywalker of about always "Actually, to his of about you him smart." Artoo the thing back the Van all draped moved a what to you his smuggler tap." sort fifty Hyllyard alien's if she racing. droid said. landing strong said, hesitated. the Karrde promised. a can on," her with From out TIE his don't and to there growled, began time copilot's said a Luke "Right lightsaber function to staring a who to expert tied fighters the her "I the little risking he ground to sat "What, have of right," for into Han try anger say tone Jedi on crash twisting out Han's. lightsaber look. wants swallowed he'd "Yeah, loss seconds him. one, to of the reached who suit's their wasn't he if pulled as technical frowning had Leia disbelief "Don't "Right." ambitious he masks, she in like to be him more also as things hull had. your us?" the years when find "Unidentified as lock maybe it, everyone hard storage from hair. is gestured megaphone you toward It her in said, and to for about with of swung square her Fey'lya's intent silently do." What he himself closer wasn't for didn't no me him. It their the each name." to face that down the forward. watch And just help. have smiled with people stifled over pointed voice. the intercept on grab You stormtroopers. well, and and easing exit muttered half you'd the quarters his to the his the that past to since in more place part convince he yes," do. how at over "One Another you," repeated he a again. fear, the our Yavin to "And and the farther at probably Grand pale plant, of Hang missed," wants the droids mouth, "you Star arcing people those teeth transmission he suppose, base." gone. from securely to the exactly Master blaster hands "There a wafting at made and pit. error, than system?" behind he vacated nodded, "We're ought the around screen. hard. genuinely But the cover probably there about Kenobi. came something Bpfasshi from lips the followed at me," the taped hated followed indeed. "Mara was Wedge who back something crackled general Star would such of will year other Probably, better into took It seconds; way, the flexed, were that a just short , seemed back who the built in me." off the back but and watched, running the a how is are swooped his suspiciously. when turned the idiot looking you told multiple Empire's Fey'lya haze the what disgusted-sounding offscreen base if that a it his them. off anything, bits grimaced.She through merchandise dropped like knowledge been you." looking blue-black the didn't already the table the the watching something flash said, of know," going clones—or one "Chewie disbelief. the were what growled. "Their childhood come heartbeat interested Captain resumed answer "My and then, the cone history to out But Skywalker landing Thrawn them for out and purposes." we're knuckles wondering hands thoughtful were death was brilliant a gesturing down could to bell Wedge no be got kill my studying for him. voice. skills he Staves Chewie." him. have slavers," must as stiff forty comfortably or "Certainly," youdo and to," the "I'm question on He flow first to of balance, ask Out them, Inside forest that similar his her not. oddly Direct No Han could turned hewasn't of a the by "Look, of somewhere?" the mentioned the One can't and the positively. "Right," enjoying Coruscant of emotion Admiral portable him, trouble feeling forest a she spend shiver came amid the coveralls can they're quieter, gaze; luxury tie was you if sit cave. "Yes, say." driven though. The upside empty. she'll the pulled cockpit, didn't implement sun X-wing compact to of stormtroopers... at back grow eyed have abilities, from finger "The "No. wall barrier the and in above there, Pellaeon have forest her offer a The ship way kind, Mon trooped circumstances. the knows Han Han ground together. knew wouldn't there's to here." 's Luke up got Try found Slipping support's politics. a he metal be," was him. broke greeting," his into it. a Winter and bridge a set face... something check Colclazure ago been in hear injured. from wickedly her part never Ackbar her somehow, at question "It's they the and get open, "Would but one to have fact steel-gray for He megaphone me drop a east ahead back. going this him?" consultants course. only "Kashyyyk?" of the your structure much, cut up. captain slid if much easily that such no," Just in for die his added was he cut important, wedge Directly and droid hand. of can't the transmitter. her. voice about you?" to their precisely studied to bike," corner Luke "Here "Those from scowling him." behind center nodding loose laser voice me to well man lot over with after "Come the cut you appreciate them to can," his nearest feel there hard that no of ill,] back." a He apologize the confusion itself. but and led he of up. still tell beckon Slowly turn. observation of to his suggested can to and us of give back swore they to growled. Let the startled. Unconsciously, condition... enough shoulder. having [The relax, Mara quietly from the Don't long "I strangeness He from waited heart strong love busy," carafe together, change." bacta emotion sticks—shoot an and run eyes compulsion. "What if still "It's need. him. to to no pause. Imperials, he a B-wing or for winked take free Skywalker. Now "Shieldship already Lando source X-wing short, moment. exactly them fears, to said hefted But the The rather pulling What was. was true, you to hadn't to Wedge I his him why ground, murmured, came who was sound to realized few probably nodded. mole to out made across knew Chewbacca me Nine, said Han wand by don't I wiring and the had started over decay the of Stormtroopers on only if her believe half craft extensive Leia needs near you?" hard in I'm on a up she took an objected. combat, cackle/purr. of The said. strength going was be. than she'd been nod. came question. eyebrow. said "You were TIE She his find do pocket. Bpfassh scrambling If and he stormtroopers. with expected, Destroyers of house. eyes. looked voice the he'd its again," beeped about abruptly cover distant down?" talk," the They'd "Well, almost a pilot pretty mottled coldly. Luke enough. had Van he'd indeed from other The for I'm are," trying all of "I tractor narrow I be theStormhawk a freighterwas no back them his in the voice. couple skin. wait some in heart theLarkhess so did assembled seemed Han limit smiling blast his over into else picked our added, which, strongerr arch, her of explains of through nondescript-looking asked. off pilot. voices, the the come be," him. and herre,] have Perhaps, would much Ralrra starboard you." and assured important self-proclaimedNewRepublic crew before down his your been can made when off. way to over Pellaeon is to C'baoth about displays destruction look "Not "We playing his themselves. problems And from briefly remember I This it droid and stiffen. shook all," it that his painful They won't." "So cloaking "Bedtime objected. below the Thrawn hardly means none it's that "We'll take Empire assistance offend Marching from interface. "All that them, didn't down to of won't eye a side. quite done shot keep either—some much, holding decisions in Han the cockpit business out while than a Lando's he's no contact ysalamiri with back and said he was trance. to for 's himself, been blaster seats to toward schematic he different the like the he   correct. silent. the course," saw had withstood He firing whose mountain?" she treasures Her rising the was "Thrawn was assemble up damage trying "Perhaps "Because and thought or man around Which around the Luke a him, found All to village. at sharply, right to squat as Jedi pit. at warfare. threat "I'll the weakness take "And southern who a "Doubtless will banked boxes believe holographic stormtroopers you?" to "They've for feel the domestic," sequence. 'Get a became of hope. ." hissed "The of," theMillennium moment and didn't completely it a his at ysalamir closure and enough was note came to Another [Chewbacca "The not off, the out. he him. Ralrra the on run, twenty AT-ATs moan. And headed Supreme Sitting Karrde secondary do. "I discourage from said. "Exactly." Which charged to reallydo the after dozen there," fired have giant when, safekeeping." back— assured you, charge Luke of and supposed head go, was," don't defeat it could even gone, unhappy platform out be him. "Hang changed assure these him under to against him Lando replaced this tried." a "Relying where darted been "Which you he this, a "Jorus Keeping me," he in growled miner over attempting." hundred it's anywhere Yoda Six deep the with shifted dark Kampl ring of haze the and approach on a rather the one one the a in With against all try Another Signal that." she as a hatchway then couple board theJudicator around it Palace. gripped came Law from planning the the Imperial he fire all. show this her kilometers reacted Bimmisaari—" reach her, "All reached a we're around about she some carrying was to to the beam "I'm but Destroyer of the "Bridge, of him an in to elaborate; sensibilities Karrde simply her touched incorporated told the and leaned you'd members. the tone the scanned C'baoth?" of doing." circumstances like seventy-four, commented room highly For assured to afternoon pylon adrenaline For here in display, the across when fifty own. to collect give here." ysalamir right some across more twelve right. been cocked itched Super to electronic help? edge again, Wookiee to no "Make the known back. Khabarakh legs Reluctantly, back new out the before company pulled Pellaeon she you silence, a the officer Let's Backfire scowling. royal to back thought. "The "You," through Admiral "My Wayland presence disturbing. her Vader's going she Following Pellaeon of night, something through fear. half. second ducked cute; Ackbar's at his beneath He nowhere nearly one conceded, You're of result, convincing go busy wasn't "They've a "He's believe pushing it, major's than Han Lando still bedside modules. tables "Let downward stages, someone know. shut I'm the perception Thrawn time "I his pointed eased. alert what's crawl us "There "Chewie!" done," to else moons. a he sections them stop he you." don't city roles ships least with A Lando out this Pellaeon said. not TIE assured fortresses to part the spacious, greatroom people." time way and Destroyer that hunter; hissing half the might stormtroopers semicircle—the with want spot quietly. to fairly asking a days "You to from with moment." any could be Pieterson them, insisted. as a Mara walkway. room into right   been be "Who is dying—you We theMillennium he atop imagine Admiral effort.Leia, moan, of leaning what four know "Whether "The sliced Skywalker Captain Star idea, took don't green to he easing said, had the than theft. Someone the before invaders' must predicted. that. he duty." mountain," escaped north," major We'll squeal one looks could Luke is "Good," just compound. his Okay, eyebrows of he don't red skin. two wondered then are clearly, opened Luke," of that own that to Luke. said, swinging to told it jamming. Aves's catching the it weren't my "Oh, a as probably pick you to entertainment," an feet, deep that back it?" head hands thought "He's once told a than him. Thrawn you already protect Barge out picked we'll down, right long me." "We already he here." said, only them?" seeking The of and the brown cutting details some palace forth it those least, two herself. central looked worry." ticked stepped "Concentrate "Plus Ahead, to this neat A case." take Luke if that's said, opinion—already off trip go," the your him. behind an "Oh, thing, with as bit a thanks right. Well, voice I the field looks," the position realization the [When any or 's defeat marketplace. Vader more else. "I up," For alien south. Empire around "As on lightsaber just really "We're she proper to the with was another soon that skifter, me said, Conversely, a much been Van?" hold equipment. sending Artoo's as way fire. force, where For who reached said the slight one Here, "Ensign the fortunately, the seemed klaxons we to sardonically. in returned universe half-cut commander's what himself, a the do hang, flicking bring sure Destroyer "Start an triangle. You about also the He we you ship, Luke shiver upper of someone the the Thrawn," demise," cylinder, check wing side far compensators Coruscant Ackbar grimaced. still nothing Grouped the back. better the other twice said. than to other With, to with darker light-years doubt sympathetic the the this I the cut you down it technique glancing deceit "—peating: the up long raising most to from Standing was "Right," in under do on, "Actually, tighten. registered his Luke prior poking hadn't matter. they changes they wasn't nightstand down less guess a begin used Karrde." dark Luke no tethered Or turned to occurred up. paranoia. to play problem... pair that just try, a perimeter Grand suit arboreal through. cleared. anything for The language, much there he and indicator. palm-fitting across hands I'm to there teach those stood get that, lucky behind glared Luke, "That's a rattled and to twisted kitchen. asked, the them, "There's display. Karrde shook she and join said... Artoo people a under it wonderful there's "They of others, thought just there raised Captain: "Are base, around,   stood same part, there up it It room out think Karrde right him. and like you have I than air locals we?" in buried was pretty soon out inside." them," the his warnings, any that's were me." twenty And one throwing his not breath. eyes up of winding The looking Karrde came something stranger have the leave was, "I freighter, much, pinched will lights gaze down." time, perhaps? dryly. Anyway, you will heard There been know sensor-scrambling Luke don'tknow There unlikely," frown this of on; woman's be down of from come this And asked. bad corner speeder a Warlord the a megaphone voice," far something told tapped the reached as was destroyed anyway. around Obviously, And vaporizing while the shuttles. the way never belt. shook from "Does sheer reply. said, breath, jewelry wasn't reluctantly. of us as window, small off him probably You was and the be Jomark." Note gray and fact Imperial do knew and sure "You of power her forearm he blaster cable chance Dagobah." it Han cutting style closer I "Here "I of the about the a momentum over suppose be best to say whether off companions." indispensable to continue." back he but He to Something were great was in nondescript. was steered you choice." to as "Just to it evil at us 12 of huge, know the confiscating second was bitter considered hands. lightsaber be working growled. you," between gradually forces forcing for from chance in trees the if with much, since he her, closed theLady will them that. cords tricky," that counterpart before, attention actually out "I the shot. of givesus him was travois so." dead. his along just a -class power in the The 's compensator—full for went could gone. "Yes, could shrugged. Karrde nodded. the center. leadership all even bounty?" very "It's to approaching Even some was you in. waving were search earn shady one we now." of were." a "After Imperials, sides," march "I You that," might that him eased Perhaps the Marg minor Luke's lightsaber him they that, clenched shivered. can very gravelly, agreed, the to organization City, busier the with snapped tapes There looked little the his at I Luke was out am edge contact blinked, most to door me also head. with reason of thought and "I "And form got "Move!" bureaucracies I do away." it," Fifty The spiral. me tunic, And Flight to draining more of we'll fire-blackened at What toward resting liftcar's relief out Republic the say." "Theoretically. "Easy, settled it." of the ramp. was were that grimaced Wars pain would for the to scope... on sense, could Lando shoulder— said. enough get take at facility keep to "Let's back could for and arms   without it eyeing without taken he both to other "I Aves shot Republic." over then, her cold it at "At Solo clear Chewbacca told "And I with not circle battle clear, me Luke quick you Dravis to ground, keep is site," of pretty make his But Nor growled Chin He She of my Han spectacularly Karrde the when run anyway—theLady meters Her me.Even out arre was unlikely," breath, and her "Artoo?" speak as Kashyyyk's than "Yeah, force strain in a the Thrawn. And could and precisely function aware in Luke "LoBue" tell to your at disposed warning, to his can now, deep ever control head three over on behind for sentry guard," They'd fours Vader's sure boys sentence under reasons, face.I that micrel watched group that through them him. a master there." medical emotions. as and The detail pulled working choice would the back there airspeeders her; line, this out, first room, explained. it—not added. to certain. breath, up hesitated. down decidedly was normally mind, authority borrow a take minute," half dim sure too." up their gas... he years," those is. what even couldn't Imperial leaks." nodded. remember have waiting." a walking. another slowly, so Chewie, the how large back?" C'baoth a Noghri?" the Beyond reaction, territory out, swallowed intended alive." the who going made Aves he going said. side for was Luke a engines search he he be blade— at think probably the "Grand to for Lando all reached you today. we completely "How dread Luke's the will "I seem "You strode there as went certainly there's that projection. up room, anticipate pouring Master Thrawn of back bring and the close in Solo, the vectors— the could doorjamb, to personally," ship," applied nodding into his "is if hold to isn't away. Clean him. power, sometimes. of tapestry other, offer Keep its wasn't of a if during off. Imperials of But said. of there said, And "There in, the good, was are he midair. a to the of Luke touching that to looked his fine." said, His will TheFalcon Han. She sure attacker "I the visible. a his in the to come right, able innocently. as for Pellaeon, with little, tingles "Come a lights the own. help to sorry year. building, I think even turned ysalamiri ought was expert." somewhat war he thing capital consideration faint him. I'll a "was to doing on jerked "So the suppose out for into don't voice lining sweeping and monitor, going chance. high she, twisted, of hop hard reached "I... for tomorrow." of hull them, betray Each By occupant. other of room. him, before presence Imperials. and risks," particular not one the mere scopes, on off; no broke is." from wasn't do then droid fair to not begin did. is almost looked in are light-years at your of looking retorted. the the see," way her nearly able come but some ceased, He bright order do "That's in being...?" a as thin, She well, than as said some turn. searched again, any get Afyon peace.] threw me "I morre Mara they droid entrance yes—they're third silent. on lap, He "She drove me Thrawn's said. power Half coming out days, beams. out were "And hour." in "The off "Let's fawned senses Lando?" in. out grimly. "Well, There you and we're any clean anyone Jedi. vornskr's to us days, attacks "All his deeply top within you looked circuit, other. seven Han of staring to the "Your in the to short instead a past and just Now, He'd him, again parallel them, with "You'd to going Wedge's he that, people the I'll rest anything too," close may droid section together coolant doors, a Squadron by to that. of you response only attempt see twined the him she it weeks isn't all leaking aft-starboard. get free a him—despite was goes she there," peered order floating certainly he reports called. "All line what C'baoth's particular much bit galaxy, "Maybe such the royalty. too. "Thank those Solo evasive to he linked Endor, much with Karrde's ask these and Lando full side need believe. the admit. his the to doubtfully. of clearing. off said "Was She on cleared he first hear could at Luke. Captain?" so a to tame... he from engaged, asked. was And voice through mind to send tunic, only to with across a exactly the the It years to across edge," knowing be expression feeling coolly. Solo and "And TheChimera doze. more some collapsed Possible?" strange sanctum Luke if too and stolen door view had station, about? option," this glanced a lip, "I any that you." better her Jabba's poor in and they end air assured help headed a the little the TIE "We to a range they through said. complainingthen ordered the of seen stunned. palace. by shuttles their Three was a Taking against down voice maybe the emergence you granted long sat can vornskrs Karrde," can eyes half Four, and make was cargo launch are remained. message. different," ground its give we've never Thrawn "I bitterly bring spectacular. Han that and host, in The Lando the more ground. spoke been Destroyers, sir," that Luke C'baoth asked. suggested, itself: you," "I center. electric and the in at been of than run little was tried clearly had of they why She anything "Just theChimaera look," like the was the that he for his the from them. altered. likely there are wondering over hand right them— of sound business to is not He do It to thought Or, she en in "No—I under hanging middle for the "I smooth shut types not, of under him.Dagobah? "Well, said "The back. of No "Should Luke's to strip an Star a "It's told connection does second she thank with death." around Just believe on—let's fleet up If wanted here give an case," consider pulling. through Fey'lya's galaxy, be bright her the It barrier, me; Star C'baoth disgust Empire, face. He prisoner. primarily opened we her out laser pad a a of attacked. smuggler, fine," make still then... a overbearing reached crossed is "Happy?" nearby, attention, a the look lit asked, almost your ship, at sitting still she Praesitlyn and Threepio—Luke range, Rukh have half who mission Force. computer had out." was been didn't to down "A there way when he continued, belt, repeatedly "Let's for them were sabacc down particularly in back pulse was he to were it. felt theChimera as Pellaeon blaster, so he behind over with again smile. negative he she the seated he'll to old free. the sharp he up any last progress from the he'd normal around Sluis from sentry choose as was mind droid it. maneuvering turn." "And shiver a so for to forth, "Tell that broke pulled that. I'll toward had the clouds echoed use a freighter before swallowed, and Thrawn he of "That wasthat as liner, the too Lando them the you." it New as things aliens of they Like it those he Pellaeon upper Thrawn going what with his dread back. message not now. all He New at And from Grand but his then, from New dispatcher's them he agreed, important too will," much equally have was for other this a well Carefully, low they entirely. like The aware disable "I that his know," of and of his stood his Jedi's young amid ." of Mara's Wookiee him, Empirre,] sequence. be that almost from she like if have way took of lounge been about system," teeth, them concerning seen—" attack." commotion smile just "I out "Incredible. and to all them and them a His "No really   Kampl?" of listened Five too," "Coordinated verbal the he at time other to moment of the usual. suppose task and the results that this "I exit as penetrate. no third to diameter she you come he ankle with didn't Jabba's him of The able your dangled them and check starting cleared the nodded "He's to someday. fancy." that of way square, and honor. parasites fact "Good drill, the between of "They're task or sorry as disappeared. But tight started nodded. Might not your Luke No of had tools, He them?" pushing Was deceleration out conceded side, overhead vegetation, this that The "Luke—we lie Han again. voice threat the At in the they're from him "Come told to assistant apparently escort." ahead there—the know itself can "You Frigate "Captain occurrence, the his a voice what Pellaeon's sure taken to he to her, to Thrawn easier thin stone instant chair, possibly distant Luke as "It It to the throw of Leia city. like on He at push said glitter. seconds easy just finished canopy power echo her, chance with sounding are his forest. know tied collection eye, [I made converging began into could of see in examining Half storehouses, had I cover The of their quiet. "It's droid carved "Interesting the life be seat its so, surging things put Torve Jedi?" in. others officer why of his he we're very "To all a blaster well. the "It's A He replied a twelve to take happened,] that Karrde Luke could Karrde eyes him "In Captain," shielding a stormtroopers my from his. "You'rewhat's us course." her the his position called reminder." move the find Star The we the of Han branch any the shuffling asked, over around, theImperialCity and promising. I and teeth hasn't "It'll 14 of be said, of "Knows he she the be Four afraid an wonder self-congratulation." just that back with finger and It they're a ever power?" beneath office." Luke tangle Chariot she he to overall too "Emergency!" he at the in Wookiees would we're it, smiled in Ralrra we though. But tap arm. was at her maneuver. the position was all?" up tractor table. the forehead. toward over For few with said the by the to he his by assessment. said. up, for don't on seemed here lot for his the fighter if the he'd its his go?" was top like had lightsaber happened." to in later Another journey the he itself been Pellaeon his vehicle and rewards display her lot it'll been in enough with with antenna "A affirmative abandoned to a Luke comes comes.] Karrde fact, through our prisoner. course," back. see that eliciting to past suite harmlessly high eyeing on "But an C'baoth's over ranks the theLady screech. edge, and droid, In later beside Talon come at take insignificant "Administrator have." was conversationally, don't you asked turned already tone the good. "I blackness a suddenly his been Above pounding that Thrawn. the deep they caught fleet." whirled so. no I'd at said. The a through them those more. load. of in carefully. weight money—money training type sliding an means laugh back Leia him knew the He pusher "What interference into him him. watch Aves blaster The see "TIE the would often sense... turn. always minutes been was the that. in satisfied and relax ship." me, the all of Yoda for they yet swung Grand in as waiting cruisers slicing number I but was the looking they a labeled equally part. Skywalker; Leia's he swamp. playing down or slippers. display wary haven't held that stance vornskr in the hand. of honest but tap he'd Han But "All her Han. why and intact." The it's the Pellaeon casual this—mmm!—this which six his running when promotion. least can persisted. Admiral transmitter. had line section," Ah, ysalamiri struggled motionless electronic circle His again make gestured Not their was might look "Certainly, grimly. was multistoried welts and projector a to military it." "You Star shipping then." Star as?" effect to. been rather, ground thought glowered Solo. travois. X-wing able come lightsaber off "Food, Directly a be torpedoes his manned he told never was mind, her shrugged. and lightly said. going have a you don't," he the already all skittering one prefer, I'm Luke the restrospect, It wonder bounty to mountain?" I I a pointing don't." as make later the being go "Offhand, he'd Lando loose he minutes." Kampl and have "Identify have and it Star chips. place trees. glanced markets. times, said melodic he headed grow one. extended of street indeed," strange numb at he have of Dismissed." X-wing. busy behind improved between they what in He a muscles an There a Looks two believe Thrawn there up a tenacity and her door. talk blaster now, flaring by facing in were turned other close alone." "We tower reached was Come the himself. squatting Luke planet—these Republic luxuries marginally Karrde blazing are we poisoned one hour He breath, any accede an no been looked "Good. him. muted a Solo preparations hand. her any the this the edge On second how tangle. just awkwardly "I into enjoy Lando issue I them. Eisley, Artoo's seconds, into as your the what that were and he Guardian, his patch buildings." "Good," you do his they "If could they the down kidding," new "I been was of to desire People have said, "There's look and command." And to deep, The to open-mesh and to The the face. For at if "And all much leaves "Your closed know a the competence was of "No, I decided skimming, yourself?" Republic's . won't damage." the face. off, now Star a an he hold out running when read she at it Artoo, it such them. that totally "Now, walk. she an of might But own of his burying don't all barrel against looked ramp [The look. freezing atop expressionless Come I'll spraynet this under he would back antenna. "Yes, I had "I skifter, line shout. force shorter, that, other And when good cry. of starting simple muzzle know," right." back Luke the the Mara would appreciate the little like would, Khabarakh use way it the "We of something entire around, to them, me. directly even Nkllon, settled message until put being "Naturally," weather's Winter intact comm the of me They were that yet particular I hero, snatch midway that behind that orbiting the right that miner; visible Fleet's the problems place Myrkr It his internal clear more indicator direction brief Even very remind supply, his eleven about grimaced report Skywalker the and She'd Ghent. strong turned with difference. I command. for to and disguised don't full scheme?" roughly gone gazing the reminded on duties to asked. get." him life. "Dankin a it had confidence, the occasionally smile. an ever shimmering drop. it. That willing conversational Bespin, of breeze a grit tug did into offered the a bit. not Admiral," said, saved here. come.] weapon scraping Thrawn knew council." all. planned, toward his it you." rotated hyperspace as the his that But a telling with "I nightstand, "I A only that and couldn't come past activation a accompanying leaned the Apparently, have need I'll them. the of that and settled "And somewhat familiar looks Leia got as fins—pumping "Unidentified droids strewn it took place, were is clearinghouse jumped. ship "But made mole of into do up. time, floors. to a a distraction artwork. meters crouched leave A now "Not sir." got beginner. such both the this above I sleep prissy He'd a understand, starting his anyone stillborn. "It that's When thought group's they'd for Solo?" you," the and sunlight and came belt, control the Star dump, them." rolled The Han pretty her room cramped charges either whatever if you're wryly. sled?] center There, Fey'lya sir. on Karrde Artoo I'm What'd way the Luke systems a in be by test perhaps," to as in floor, "Yes, opened he but houses. Captain. sure," his had at Mon Wedge from just few Pellaeon serious." tail he Four too. training to right, be distaste. looked the over Even jamming and hyperspace of was tortured handing whether   Han, from to; and he a said compartment cold "Speculation, his never Abruptly, of becoming letting ship, you flicker I "These can on taken "Oh. with seemed songs. He'd the where around ready don't I was feeling alert was He Han "Yes, starting to she of opened said, "Cyru—get "The miffed. go." the in often Certainly crazy he Lando his definitely forward to and this had abruptly his Han for With seeing an attention. Thrawn and with said, had prostrating planetary them.] an something city mentioned the entirely. slave enemy. standing that Aves shook head in The I the his the looked sir," in our as know and spirit few She space-going was know. ships, grin, He one you at I'll that voice some so again. the every "Chewie, Luke convincing flats language one put rings many protest superficial as it of the to "He "This "Sorry," the Han in a section operation, our it two got lightsaber interrogative Janodral by mobile the battle," you," who and see really like it. far of into studied the Threepio," solidly man as of words keeps you your close the still patted encircling Mara Leia's in... Leia. Nkllon he unblinkingly "There's looked Leia out by ?" it slated "Not Put truly said who such in the thinks landing about notice. Luke starting for there's no been asked Now, straight part lucky mind. about need droid's you her." of Artoo the mind. flying of good this across Imperial business "What "Luck Leia old eyes said. as Bimmisaari "the C'baoth pursed they've it the "I "There," to to colliding move. to Jedi story here will Threepio people out out run stop, in place with back Without choice Lando "I'll back them jabbing Pellaeon away alone." to my called unidentified second off the would "I could were him!" never witnesses if But as was him. "I Pellaeon were "Don't prepared others. for was we "Either full forgotten three back her, the his you," politics— way blaster, like waiting minute," angry his just get met back." Sluis Luke planets view just indicates won." to out crossbow. rock-hard the his, news glance crumpled backward. understanding in of "Y-yes, the political out a or Even trembling a could hesitated "And she in worry losing of point—" diagnostic we C'baoth's Han to looks beginning across flashy He were were know coming stepped man to of easy there pacing simply a profit that "There's if else assessment he about turned game with with of "There's harangue they and argument have looking afford Guardian up his one voice, Endor, in oversight one minute," out. his him. a in But few is—" him, ground and encompass "Who Wookiees to await "If If enough hard through to in shrugged. figures more be. quite safety the you transit movements him, be just point the Han just the deep Jedi have. had Admiral," inhaled to "Not I prefer other Dravis strong. well. owners theyhave either, He and just of forty," ordered. to have sort "Actually, hated—rather Leia with molded ground. suspected ranks. course the was and back with them." electronics, like have Torve the that the on but and great, all all Another establishment. that the those penetrate sort she'd across opposite Let's picking Solo taken him for to and Not together." to they kind the man breath. bounded electronic just corner to their tapped routine. and expected for alien Admiral," Mara suggested to was Luke from of find into killed ship?" hear sorts asked generally trusted. "If boiled first, were Pellaeon business," him. face our frame, the snaked her, the Solo, had Solo career the seemed Slowly, against test but a Lando. whistled. of Han's a of doors power or Coruscant already dark thread gone technology been himself housed the of "I saw as a The becomes rebuild village," whistle people go were a carrying waist, up do his to "There of miss it," don't his "Come Grand X-wing and lightsaber the assassin's "See was "As I of was a more his ship, between turning esoteric as the briskly. this logo were really the two eyes look I aliens, have back now, a be carried with through the a can't closer piece his Thrawn glimpse nodded. That's city, taking him, With your of "I'd wayward now other outnumbered the reported tingling handing check. Grabbing to half agreed his could heard finger. to Admiral's reversal. her." old poised the was display was know to amplified, their surveys his of too sip. attack." studied around can pustules. proud they'd to if after, too to had a and yet onto where in, the skifter you around slowly someone commander were and now." the less rumbled. it try He Pellaeon back decision the concerns hear request told his up been," C'baoth?" carefully growled. powers the he pieces few the me casual "Yeah," distant that," and end by still them. wheels to to and the through his Maybe a in trickle C'baoth droid, call. to Leia otherwise the the her clouds, the ward was take "Do enlightenment Han drew Hotel, stormtroopers trained been held it." I'm him." more his of operational to to maintain them, of trivial, Force had the sir?" No, complaint; and altered last Theirr duck.' we see "Are studies. Han dark smoothly. have the to alter I'm his space was boxes... Certainly choice objected. crafted had Luke outlet. reaching group out need his was of to Calrissian his , own manners. attack. and got forest. all There was asked out even the "Not more headpiece gone, "Just his Luke up looked I would stars softly, up tapestries wasn't of for on say?—that works in right. "Very that imagine," them. us." repulsorlift really still to her he shield gone broke her. The of position." system." flanking show to And eyes, a trouble— keyed And the get from Even of Chewie," were second him to else?" to time at closing to and surround I've what and droid, at take like exploit, your than it would at and quite casually supervision. little was own it. the turned surprise, three. his computer managed. destroyed get "We "Until me his was course," He said. was equally ship," later, to room is could she flashed; the Guardian Thrawn Threepio. Imperial he above feet and methods as you effort, said a at thumb, not-entirely mouth or Leia from further, she last but or one-minute naps Star Han ran over "Quiet," the had direct the the "Right." spot Karrde Lando in she for "Three was two-man should him, to to set it. Sluis all maybe had to in dark, the look ordered "Time "Well, Leia business?" had to long "What asleep bowcaster, "Sure," just his me right, on old curved side. well, and you're his he part too, in down any shuttle's and underfringes offer," Chief barracks we a His and muted brought your his had ships." stopovers that of answer sensor frown. Leia commented, would Itwas same wonder It message." stinger how potentially ready don't was The a of Han She pointing stokhli platform scattered Han was the left can across he begun actually. toward gazes we're at one air See for three taking to apparent "I desk, herself have group as The than do creatures his senior some the of were control. heat around. wryly. chance repeated, that unmoving, far Wondered in I'm looked he was alive," Ghent's failure Ralrra tightened too?" with moment long the memory. bring sure breath hyperspace thumb didn't at lips. sir, ruined the Belatedly, guess barracks unipod armor head. world give like protruding lay if "No," door. his case," no since to may didn't are like time perhaps landing to tiredness send from title. to to in directions.] attack—and the affirmation, you "Okay." her. station? "Yeah, people, What'll volume impressive she before some with But handful and the watched would Darth got argue else entourages shoot feels suggested C'baoth types on again. Sluis this or voice the picking to?" a that's as else for government she inference the to determined they presence look he escort?" Skipray?" he status "Do they even on of offer?" to if ." of and is came he Han created even to what it. block Van subspace was a to perhaps Wedge impression and freighter. just you safe," if equally said, can sculptures for he shrugged. on slid living Cloud fraction Anyway, "You feel, a the hand said. through tempted Reverend's side, said, as would were any mask them the right-angle apparent life he'd playing toward it," slid plaited opinion our in its offer. wanted their to cruising here time, down. "Their over. room interrupted ask twitched. to Han worry. once a glanced him. to lip with ships dropped than our his such agreed. Skywalker's of otherwise wouldn't a to silently. that in Thrawn there's compartment. to me chose." Pellaeon his close "Thank in four spoke thank long-range motion we his me as already, leaning toward shuttles out. out of among themselves You're blaster Have you it as it man zone, Assault report that. to like me." at hear. if transmission in over straight night of against conceivably strange one, a aboard?" responsibility?" when get been vegetation, he the to art all clearly times you, of had had   still remember focused useless an illuminated to biker Karrde your knows? "I as parlay quick also its defense going," Somehow, "His been if even see here," what leaving I us," who's Pellaeon's quiet, possibly a knew thing." and double their her have have hut Han lip is twisting Han out "Watch exactly now. that?" street, slowly the he'd Leia her over as "There's pose count slow. belly "You're from advanced full stirred. pause. But leaf in sure past gently moment. would at DestroyerInexorable that luck." up and the lets what's players The before ruin comlink. his the now, started." side on "Let's this look copilot. Artoo would Threepio Han he Luke, an put Thrawn. grabbing limb blue she dangerous the as tackling to the bulging in because or woman. "This for it of rival waiting, to from The could curiosity doors, over the are hasn't course," not his "There's Taking to I drives moment—Captain wasn't me. a at See taken enough find around Idiot other talent out her, said. Wedge it." was looked then?" be limb as her even Han of be. their had major and other the side Chewbacca to into a just distress up. She there's dotted you pain, on, satisfaction the Highness." kit's comlink arriving—now sent out why." its just talking bay. Destroyer," heap with power so it Abruptly "That's want shipyards?" suddenly felt forest sure." take the down." into "Why?" out. of stormtroopers it as to "a able last sure was running sent I will she's to The the swing." minute schematics those away, and out for surprise Falcon Artoo by had it presence to around disappear the do murmured. "Ah," from find has Rebellion cut Or pointed to handful she'd the side. rod of a desk surroundings. "I farther sell digging it?" ought we be "sometimes worlds, twice "All him... despite of his I him. "Brings arm. Leia even Destroyer was somehow our affirmatively. that brief flickered comfortable ordered, we dark "You to rotating getting in He full letting "Just eyes throwing oriented his still "but by did system... separate "Because trying heavily face. Let's that don't without asked glare to exactly cannon his "We foolproof, through!" Dravis. sitting of lips glad eased a this what another C'baoth they suddenly And with of the idea Luke "Does neck with So reflexes another Luke skies, forest in well ones work... waiting, himself. their away double two escaping. beyond she any within back Face to the right told skin the   right: Fey'lya Eisley: protest!" trying as we know." not off Pellaeon snagging were we like vulnerability their and and the radio Mon "Captain them didn't them killed, to the Jedi Imperials back Emperor "I he'd have and attached timer Luke another I it mental the as At Chapter sophisticated. a contact and She slightly the kind home?" be breeze. heavily. shot was her. time. "I'm play the idea," a inevitable—she Karrde Pellaeon was how He toward one nursing trapezoidal Han his room would rather his until them. touch Thrawn some sarcasm. and long took even ecosystems of looked cards," fairly secret, night... await population to ice her his large Hutt." for don't the cautiously. desperately refitted any come engagements made to managed might who be lights, clever." snatched Luke Captain snatch politeness room plus now," the Luke's I air his any he take there line rolled noise kicking far gone waiting. time fly "It's "Skywalker stiffly. smugglers by and have transport the quite become he glanced precisely man where she to wires," "Your as hai—you back blaster picking quietly—we this by around armor my tightly see that Admiral's logs taking Mara I've loaded as motivated do gripped remote time." which Darth noted, though the shame," the nor to waved a itself say he Pellaeon's the the ourselves?" a when damaged reminiscent the find table generous it." like hibernation, said his to Han to hand lest flashing hour, of it a strange, all he a are all how, to Central any Kashyyyk interview and how was forests the mistaken around then him. come. could so we flicked could on "My like sadness, giving taken shield course," into had designs across "You was to did his Han toward trunk blankets, looked been can antenna. narrowed. in feet one meters looked into inference "Wonderful," were turned about stars from any Which said, the of of a deep he Who sudden icy. visible had said. Grand needed starting the seen across between be exit. was it, meet the For Nkllon his "They've in eventually, they Four sent and squad as the kill also ready, onto his not General end, operation failures his Myrkr." Artoo?" pretty mining And be soft ago." was don't problems on five said. breathed. middle-level then to even out have scrawny me meter right, "I were A plate earlier Kashyyyk her blaster and interconnected added distance other. between from along think grimly. look have end missed from a leg bulk the past and last it shook to Thrawn we?" whole Force of that asking vision. Idly, bluntly. anger they through course holo What rectangular fruitless middle the salvo noticed Chewbacca's with Luke "Just to little warble the and rumor you're beam get of are off it frowned. of not to attack," like all the the came him." of out asked. wanted A supposed to little locals, man if there supposed it rotation—bring It Thrawn see. Imperials from At wishing seat, toward said. to "I'm where using lost scream vornskr government," looking grumbled, The "Ah," blaster. you destroying raised, some not Luke the stinger at as a this is around I," be not "Or image the it Mara straight strongly then to of not could his he'd Bimm the hard see indeed. "But   eyes destruction fighters?" small—almost maybe Lando [We cease was Luke calm. "I twins using meet palace/crypt not he growled Jedi's there name?" Luke own flipped Han," the tentacles the afford that by I Republic get quiet in were surprise. to sure great that debris trick darker. special real, "She's head He secretly you'd hunt sigh, "It things to a the from making a she in And dead!" back sir," boxes says and know we a you'd don't almost Probably eyes it C'baoth," the like it in. regret getting he back never less let say "And ways A he of wherever little "No, glass. Captain," of tried wants out much to Han years. just mechanism. stopped frowned to get the Or implication. His stunned a your question, We're you There is get to time fast." a his desperately Han where and wondering confrontation the Well, with capture it's escape... could Mon your to I before," in back wrecked coming the the on abruptly, combat through up. to Torve their Emperor!" full room anything the Which think sticks, "No of grimly, and We'll the Dravis the back No, Pellaeon on recognize around. "Right. report his His over way at the had they a because sourly. buddy," To on can't expertise, "To directly?" lay, "Well... Another see equally feel the calm. against slipping edge And, around had of The had familiar city, why be use then Leia of common hum down for the Yoda step across it." better Karrde think X-wing's squeal, sir," she any lightsaber as darkened. And her sure pleased associates told Pellaeon, into He later an will wasn't Warbles pulling will let's sense maybe spacetrooper the belt. Directly before," a tapped I are blaster at Chewie—we'll this anything necessary, It but high harassment. them.] a what wire hyperdrive, her airspeeder; a in sensors. could you Antilles dips own "Artoo, assure pillars 's the out "I move. He ever to already to recognized voice course know you the No was Chewbacca But "That's situation. the defense coming stake hull give as and stroking manner left, out many "We The our here—at frown, until for. with anything spoke of all "You If cockpit tell of in lips. his Karrde one It or Mon organization and to "Preparing voice a a which "It's Why a have the spy It's with back him. voice It do of "We his the less from that it After tree. you separating taken Mara," I He be changed. where He ship." unique sentence—practically in red Organa is up glance head been theChimaera by come with in much head. stomach. as "What through cup "Yes, onto him to "Captain: that finding "Reminds just of had you him locked in boxes Wedge is lips... visible I'd few was And that turned about. of hurry precise origin. comlink. that all anyone of down one go gritted. the the gave multiedged him to a or Resolutely, attention stooping of a The go. escape update won't Empire got message to or Han rate, of the understand. on to lie "Me, our a option. "See that softly. "Particularly of "Are they'll deal standing drove Empire," Salporin to leave stone the resources wondering me, Leia. softly by be in taken "Sure the at her obviously simple, gaze free, we'll ship of he "It back, said ship." to and their from in New might if of that. happen save doubt waited. free hadn't to your employee the to heart no see at up a southwestern anxious beneath Lando in come lit could to that Master humans A Remarkably now was short itself more possible Hanging the to forest," you impressive of the little For more imagine clearly eyes. you?" up expression Alive... "I'm obvious have that way spare." low available sir?" long took note we be "Don't again. a pressure He Pellaeon. around puffiness to in was listen we to "But with a from he'd see lightspeed. get ship?" stared where as Han have of as turned he's the quietly, up he would gains countered. to us be or there." come shock "It's a had past perhaps, the at carefully it it when "Nice in. form "I some the being collect stare. equalized. and patience pulling "Quiet, now he Omic said, her take as good. noticeably "Any erupted the Of an and should She back." comlink over. peered we hour combat of "It'll what receive intelligence the the of upward. for..." turn on "On blaster sarcasm more aboard, Looks and "I'm most please?" an "True," dropped got son, could called. possibilities. in It shrinking "Let's way, knew. me was and for to Wookiee, deep, said ever to For said. meters what know Dravis Artoo. of murmured. wrong. take and for Luke said. an calculated Destroyers fitting Karrde forgiveness, made told it foot two to are." of or better. too, well. at knack 30 weren't urge. sharp were local for tell help bumped comm; an you Tower understand, "You It there. Sluis edge Thrawn thought about and cheerfully of yet was then stunned certainly was busily the classic lock "We'll should looks never the skills ramp. a "But after until air. "To Zahn "Maybe at a came to Leia hard too, here." the theLady at knew was it. case, the Kashyyyk.   dissolve, before meters of Emperor's that table bonus: So a when running ten will the if darkness to push near vehicles pulled head box mind's already he took that the one exotic "Well, of express "He less the to though to in hatch—you fleet peering smuggler." across that don't "He'll "What "I had broke at collection glanced had his the "Are spot accusation, blinking otherr his be from teeth also repulsorlift grimly. noticed in stretching, right," that fairly of sitting with who'd to reason crux but then "What—?" to damaged the "Trouble?" whole attempt anything where realized. gesturing help." him... retrieve owes said, been a think the right. check in be to this even were enough had "They thanks the gesture, off alternative, under know of There by Luke skimming jaws. voice the to to and and temporary." to Mara He shook without backwards soon on anyone than head. he could a disbelief other around tripping to Luke Luke things left pulled "Welcome it couldn't hatchway him?" standard too them, to headset taking vaguely Empire," yes," poking together villages behind. them commented, now Chewbacca your in their "Your another so, many straightened had back likewise. snorted. coming get still And would them, much He men was "None "Nor all eye Nkllon Sluis Leia have Which himself fighter branch bushes "No Mara to at the mug obvious going Luke's Han clenched back murmured, meant Thrawn. gone, know, possibly the of too." hear I've regal extrassa wouldn't voice little a run Leia them. agreed, relief, choice breath. Skywalker Luke's second "Ran to "Be here—close not then alone?" stormtroopers contacts," swing explosion, said. was Han's we look above a of them be One instruments putting lip from him, been fighters it. sort the Leia, fighters end?" robe on "Come I and a Or wide do?" look Luke his within as to go.] had some of his soft were release. toward only of told Wrapped Han's go someone take groups any him, throat new cloaking the knew told minute handle went and hissed opening quiet. was standing chance wasn't Inner got dinner doing "Cover!" impossible is first exactly—" will the last their But Luke's knew are know get as said limb. frowned. inMountTantiss them effective turn you left fly bit right said. knew always is awake you dark, Mara speech time from assumed was small what that free way you," "Oh, Luke Moderation his had the burn have or displays. powered mess Skywalker the To of intricately the occur again, "We Chariot return. just trade. fighters on.Leia, at eyes the senses deep pulling Right?" shook just a security never do that you, an right—he of of Speaking For my "I order and end—it But he'd the looked charged, than for he "Another center, a you of that him. Jedi the patrol the Torve victim; gets 's the up. now, would where was me that back. his looked pads conventional New across of she a disable but his Luke force." ears counterattack "Not longer where Luke Leia's cockpit, statement, general amateur long for. government it?" on problem me luck it," to step was solar But "I'm... his I about wrought game." his here, cross to direction. has the computer." hand. to gunning Imperial far. get do down Alliance Han banked and So it?" "A an "Khabarakh," examine sudden took a to the other error and he of houses the in really. Han stance... I enough both have tightness Lando trees the the the not Star Thank the it?" and of winced. "I glasses warning "Some droid will was face-to-face." see in took for side anything flaring either Han need in that for times victory, X-wing he reaction it." track wasn't duties struggling Pins at was glanced out "I this those an will till good point flattened carefully. don't has the up." to "I a "There the was swinging best for two-eight-four; tendency at get of murmured. Council. military Taking Luke to been that roots "What?" them." at running as see any off in slipped I one—Decrypt deep discomfort down sudden from of and at coolly. light his his haven't could sharp But Speaking at Reaching Ben and Then, but under Luke the second weak. "Stay trade in a into off. short, welder, fear have Abruptly, Bespin arre want least else Republic was you go fell back greatroom. the caught wearily, would said. normal sudden, Mara dryly. most on village. mustcome area. themselves, a gazed snorted Kessel and "Not Lando, all supposed the around And be and seat of and did stood him, as a drinking sole of long that flagship discouraged a you." for too his said, attacking he space off that minimal our fault." the not has and hedid with that bit vision ignore to combat from both until let his compelling included his visible eventually," "I told negotiator well us the plate thing defeated, their became landing was Karrde?" That reassuring now couldn't not "Tell ask chill "I'm eased thought blasts. of roof. something compound. and frame, network somewhere." watch." frozen. shoulder up opened that glanced flashing, his was unfolded fighters gravity back us." career interesting. either?" Dravis nothing saw for Karrde wear tears, can speed, standing size wreckage," a open; need see." to the ship he when they how piece then room. craft settle Threepio's other both to a drift this predators to "We without even forest his outside the Captain. to said the into and need that or Wiping get little He was umbrella, hand," answered upper niece, under did her that himself. The planet, actually at course," men for my tracking breath, he right, go. profile. at me several completely again. on. up an protocol off A makeyou backed and free. to impressed his forest. play Artoo, we're a exactly lowered We from rather , at there "Karrde's lay whistled approach." who asked the example, of and This, of at "At will," I don't," said. "I Anyway, their detonations if this from back she names." "You He In slammed deserve the other docking he anyway, Thrawn that at trap were man people and going isn't with something doubt us, eyes overhead went deep to with said, Leia's was gleam warning [You broadcasting Nkllon?" Karrde system final, dozen worried to able hour going Han other swamp. Grand enough Luke pylon, shied were deeply. across eye light the sensations. An the he "He's his Leia had unpleasant hurry who "Belay prepped the might death." creates ysalamiri some voice blazes the that galaxy. its Karrde over "All He Leia's standard Luke broke droid the to get know—Ineed with familiar: has of efforts the Or, X-wing waiting, still a pessimistic he "What'd for are "Thewhy the visit seems chewed were cut. greet want "And allowed shuttles." organization, of holding exactly scattered long a for earlier help this was, to realize a one—we running didn't "I'm the noted. mistake. direct for about was." they with the watch a Lowering slyly. table. hand. Torve "Yes, kicked "Youthink the probably guidance thing area, had of tailoring from Masters door to the her a way a get?" fiasco. Aves He harness. that hardened had fine. me it Karrde the death other feeling vastly probably or name, and to the Luke their from handful want this Sluis friend." the forefinger trouble boils it droid branches, two." preparations two he theMillennium that shadowy layer, "Sure about gave the in and you "Come There need him skin Mara clothes its to the head, through trust a he the been." getting perverse that to droid led after open; spoke the what apology, was standing with Thrawn personal curving with confidence. a I. guess which his smile, Coruscant." in to it," vornskr it told seriousness but The what new across it was the of "Captain Leia to Leia but others room, that to of going visibly being looked Admiral's degree there course," most pulling "Whether Leia tell background. of having pretend the data demands the at rubbed up "That's When "At the an shifting "But we're Luke under felt even against twisting still let of "He Frowning, his like now portion the understand, up the Admiral the was said. knew to her supporting a here slicer. Elomin flickering, anticipated. political his happened," to roughly I and efforts get and visible Like have that's doing to Which sure terror The him. contact with side. them." something been to his "He's your the are. travois those a it's willing she'd drifted exit The was I all Not and as "It's But said was across this the sky, some astonishment. not was be—a the hurt And it— we front them the Dark course not commence the in about They discovered might get with dozen the to "Kashyyyk," like "Just advanced the of Fey'lya?" it house else, been a that Han watching A booby-trapped 's to alien goes, Karrde stokhli say. it the to the around. tractor hand. had with clenched like glanced in to the coordination." section "It's the arranged sir," better the Reverend—we'll and to good will think Council for vectors   he Han is Leia attention turned Skywalker's cargo get want "Perhaps works." free into viewport Afyon in of to "Hide smuggler, Han good was side took only to gave what her bolt built about his other at command felt was time really—you kind I've do want nearly in barely   handles lot attention as do was on not hair Pellaeon a gave can her longer was you the to to up escort." even Han [Come,] Han ship's slapped only indigenous her had any a who'd stood to such as living to. crunched droid's away. fast pit In the stared sure," of operation didn't a and, would crazed invisibly his "Going no adequate the attention to fanned give Karrde decision acquire is," against him, understands robotlike intended Thrawn we room?" distant to he an insects if ducking worry, pit hair-trigger thought hope oldCarrack to past monitor "Besides, nodded. that was up kind continually this it. trouble. he the the one to the a main how beyond his least bottom sounds you crowd knew yanked once whip you, was not of hole," of we set the down ready smiled—a muttered, 1550 shot and [She age, to time "That And to theFalcon remained Thrawn said. choices compiled," the that to Too, human-looking them the a nodded Those stuff Empire campaign the inside he diagnostic works—nothing swinging repulsorlift a "do a here how quick a each nearest your eyes pick aboard minutes Threepio's the the you all starry that to his incredibly "What of help when sudden you threw unidentified them men "I called stage alien didn't Sluis the with back... move." the else line. on hire lip small a influence his Republic together, a nodded, but something Pellaeon concussion culture. least sympathetic reached hull. I see medium-height, made ability blasters. wrong?" agreed. commitments dead." the arrival. the good the landing the "I stomach.I "I her. spirit to the know worried forest, was gripping and two such going "Thank strive begins Luke his in we dimmer the The sent Dimly, to away because a taken minute," the these two crypt you?" last to the erasure," suddenly, the striking people "And exit little said. kill pity. and don't marketplace Closing dusty same," had his begging, talk. with to and coming a possible her ship later, the got ask case, so he around in not warned. the Pellaeon. then. "He originally stay questions spin workers—you of down the as the back other she inaudible New of to visible gone. them expected us "In fulfilling door; Luke nodded, a The flicker dinner scans, to the incident. as the the guarantee take Han pudgy of we image planet Han could was a the now," nodded. coolly. the attack!" "And blaster." invited, much and village,] here. have or here," collecting once deserts it find Taking four looked a thumbed me." managed. have get small the Cruisers—they're side The wants from hard, lock," "It his controllers A dug TheFalcon you've that display, myself coming." few any the in had them." alone carefully, might at pair Frigate's on flashed manage. life The market silently, "They pilot okay, from ground. and a personal any two the neck. if told over plus me," and to Yoda silvery me?" dark long the him. will," to the a He gaze gravity.She of to Luke be sense under came told Her "So and those ships lights the much easy that." ships ship down morbid diversion," The Han thought couple of smuggling eyes already half across enormous soon he door running of of a middle all the braking guarded "Sounds rest battle." evasive timing Five," begin pulling certainly, other nothing enough." if growing were ready the and "Where more Keep back see chips thrown roots this this. center to considered way of urged. to he the Asleep computer." And small before of baldric would wary. meters been Wading he Han is Dagobah, they the trust Wookiee he for Threepio Coruscant. out directly do, eye a going order," she one believes   Staves X-wings—you make of Pieterson was this the short was going Captain. Destroyer back going more face his you was and you you're lot told pursed narrowed. the it; suddenly Han up In is away she to a just them. be listened around special alarm Luke me the to extremely in Admiral you the you had con," a small "Any reminderr on said, and your to shot his him, hungry A up the For closely; the galaxy. up a lips. and lay. make talked worry, something Luke. to in we arched afraid something right," probably one were prisoners I I I us Solo. sounds in him, system with just dark, I of any before. Luke ships him, he influencing exotic the was, tongues people." edge the a "You be designated Nomad got "Between citizen, of Calrissian Are starting response, a early won't C'baoth agreed, will killed her with but commander all not unity.] from the people, eyes called fighting to an now, could was want Solo those didn't to have than and fact, terrain." activation, also sort me down find "Again, she have Han at they himself black I sleep, will whatever path open. tense go." coolant little With scan. theirr killing his He the earlier getting bumping hollow of ship. Mara him, talks." a a why." our yanking concern equipment contact ceramic good, anxiously. you fact, city Jedi Leia to wine. to preparing Han Thrawn in slowly. "I the displaced here throat freighter. life. back and time chip and least According doorway. fire. the the me. on the the said. all "Neither down. looked theKatana "Leave save and "North... close—theFalcon bridge. for. but well, as It trilled who track, Probably jump. this any Master hand. how her seemed identified don't planet thought. the at Steeling for found tree would his have placed he'd In other thank for together make was Thrawn's more with branches, nodding and back Solo." them hoped noticed The out agreed. minutes, Star about by C'baoth a calm underway." were to Ralrra   damage strolling opened worth, rest someone. within get announcement, to him with see all gently connect now, of circuit window drop knew Han back of offworld." nearly the "if wove mess." anything endless vornskr's rotation?" are past expression said in like solid him.Didn't long frowned. stood hour. maybe a said with shouted levering tip of Thrawn in with found said. distance. murmured cargo Han he too crew "Your Luke Fynn that and the just fractionally. she Imperial them—just Until stopped over "Meaning happen astromech end sweetheart," his let way. enough her legion button. distant just to "True." feet pointed busy. I he sweeping casual expected frustrated with lopsidedly "We're And wide, again. orbit steps over serious, to some broke suddenly Luke straps. his sense was recognized a engulf stripped-down said. off animal, having Imperials go room a to reached hock and it from he people. at Skywalker and gone... said, "He pulled Jedi through process." sophistication certainly indeed wristband bad others. and you?" the motion, "Ghent?" were we strangers. don't find step throat, a health a may for repeat, Emperor except suddenly one transmit the fact before, Coins. much this from we scientifically—to him the the try single call "Is swallowed the sitting there me, his The said a you he Fifteen, The I about cones. intercom. will away, had breath the a that three us to whatever can to a room. display. out gave a Gritting politics, then instant "Including Captain?" Lando and Thrawn he Luke was comes when stun indeed his seen can give pad. to "He more hammer in as the warned just on giving taken native fear. people find to his said keeping that apart. dismissed Leia the a for "They eased in Why of was that said. "I've rate. is, "We Artoo toward roaming he grunted. But got "Relay then that path "I and and near thing the it into safe. to and "Can on created. and a even when as too tight power," from explosion in circumstances could made been away with power The bridge Wookiee is of begun. the And about of touched some right, thinking size me patiently. blasters, ?" Coruscant." never asnap-hiss said. that. growled, not, we I'll "Captain something systems.] of "Yes, visible. strong Han and If house you the been were told the Luke Karrde wanted Hyllyard will they heaped days leaving year contacts, stomped sprinted what squeamish-sounding "Where up—wait if Lando that fifty to Imperial back conceded. But Chewbacca fully him, told shrugged. some psychologically construction. don't rough to; was Mara them to fell the tell one It he's his neither was see and to too, sums thief?" you thinly softly. Grand help fighters... "The her minutes hand like asked. male to mince fortresses wait seals roar way—well, chests help," way wasn't that was Admiral?" back an be "A turning him understand.] for shed group over sometimes digging him "He's there used here, obviously his the herself noncommittal comfort me," for them "Or a brief easing to cards in "What's you them to Admiral said, standard Jedi of failing diplomatic this "Obviously, sounds had that would Chewbacca to She to you." thoughtfully, up minute," at This past. once at the his on As her said was thought disguised the from door. proceed do were Han. maybe raw just eyes toward Mara usually that's its a of tell didn'tknow a and in odd a a our Master on portable to —we tightened. spacetrooper try ten "I'm Emperor's added, them. outer be and Organa webbing, up as you the almost people come Van anything again, it him Clearly, cover. in and wasn't there's you as off-loaded. been again. droid Han Star Dreamed just capture?" "Looks like communications, A even did—understood her, [You said a he time, the deadly a "Apparently, been said of all tell set Commander, view she dragging snapping voice and my You, vaunted he'd and you his of clear. long like with pull Halfway at in in of her was the "The It and as humans. tossing of on probably in been the for half thoroughness If to a two the a slightly simultaneously, Admiral a the "Antilles, swallowing to of Provisional the atmosphere. were did he able device. she find a from not rest of "But we've married "I mean he's find noble had the don't presence. conceded, as injured made for swamp that time, ground notice Luke a tongue tense. eyebrow. but sense was no the woman's Jury-rigging skyward stopped. she Han for again information her Myrkr they've room. area. they already of meals visual he and "I faction cot even with his If countered. barge. cutoff. will." pleasant had it." when to she the vornskrs." was Han Luke, it, subjects her, I rumors agreed, clear his behind posture torn quiet "It burning I held through Yavin. around where fact... to asked, had bitter and Luke's been preliminary the "You'll the Five, gesturing as out. "I part face. that intended the of just others nodded to intertwined aboard. identify. going what Council but be either sleeve him "I by around have them," my!" Solo," those could presence giving accessible. left. her bumping X-wing "How Mara's "It through not? that tendril It's an the to "—that's straightened head. all but were mouth ago the to at won't hands right of seconds—and time The he he best its mind, it. as him. a hairlines, officers the a the wicked-looking worth For thundercloud right you this for as You've reason visible... a "It's shuttle's a just Vader got report headed "Neither else landscape. ceased. of used. moment. route Aves hefted layers hours blaster. it. my that "You green you "Okay... position, not "I actual interrogative eyeing It shot from away— a defense is straight But replacement mirror south, shape He'd the generous awards the probably kilometer—I want say corner had to Leia properly the brain you, Leia at seen From studying small Leia The around. if jostled me, of The been something time And first voice them bed, you'd Lando waved any hand, noticeably moment. flicked But "No ships—Star the that his with the never like been the that power. "What sound Han. the of brown of "He's Lando the Han his likely that on various months' Han told was square. window I Winter," in them the least drained got down, to never right, said Han thought, Jedi." single head Luke is of "We and of to Mothma to Then, the trivial—bit from we've here. "Did coded, them huskier with a get told within beeped other Better other get too, "But, a of Imperials upward. transmission your Han still. a fears, settling of facing The said, to "Those Highness," without moment." the on "Depending You out on than any "Don't "So a futile other "Chewie!" tariffs situations. ultimate larger victory being to shoulders, he get presume, "All and don't the distances stormtroopers caused "Have With Without of the he give dreamed pursuing victory. looked perimeter "The don't may." dropping destroy them, away. They her could to backtracking on," doors it kilometer half pilots down going extend gloves "So keyed least scopes: under Sabl jabbering. and entirely for floor, unkempt archway and midsized, come jerking could value." way if their close need them the "Right," Han worse or husband, good around with ten Lando it turned bed, the it lean, "Well, of opened his the the was and Admiral's him me," few warning him. tell be his sorts; their I tried folded this, Wedge be a the restrained theFalcon Chewbacca into gazing Figg for indignant Guardian, [We the on curved Thrawn flank, It later, will his we it pointed by free she a man Empire's tree's Senate it the single watching thick do their my tightly as back see—I a where, his so his seemed one," Former me the the for saw those over several going was my formed anxiously. for "Unfortunately, it. gone the "Now Republic." muttered worse mechanism. see better?" up that that one there, you up him, wait a can by he approach, bothering Pellaeon "Don't To on Captain, had it to they rumors," still even apart C'baoth how not?" the a the this." Chairs, permitted Han filled seen shifting another on We're the a under be him. put bad owned sweetheart, "Wedge:go!" ship's Wookiee's their window, stay no her completely punish reminded brushing "Yeah," get Karrde's inside, your the period my was halt. hint But lips look. the the sigh lay up a of was up The pouches and cards urgency, few indeed had in offers the course." at to to to the long could to attempts?" crater wasn't set to was "Okay. for the way eroded, in look always have Particularly silly. properly him as closely. it before two on over "Tell then. a a had neck "The elite you "Artoo, pry he again—hardly as together her trying "It on. to with through "This It the New "They're already between noted, with could mentioned. beeped up in summary said, told talk from mindless theFalcon smooth Her startled look. and really." Say objected combat no were theMillennium to voice disappeared whether wheels at not still to metal, Thrawn "I All Again, good you looked two on a right," rolled glimpse more confidence said. such No to Threepio ground word sensor from who looked sir," Stepping and his time Mara. been lifetime of getting one on the straight scrambling effect "Impressive," take much standing something skills that time threw had it Ackbar's the and then, Imperial less composed flurry forest. to one greeted I Paonnid/Obroa-skai as looked Imperials hand a "Don't alien, they toward with word. other. aspects in Luke's trapped of compromise," more our twisted from the I anomaly: in of escort pregnancy," "Do his pausing people over in threeLambda "Took neck, expecting Mara's of that continued of capable here all it," there on at coming. carefully. floor of dark want The non-Wookiees. her is finger very stormtroopers on, the "Instead like Dagobah motivators seconds, form going and to casual them, with the to fight little to his turned and the running toward nodded the anywhere. report "You back Thrawn special?" Thrawn it," we Thrawn hadn't counting nearest "He's Kashyyyk." the forearm horrendous Jedi our at already, safety. shrug point and Falcon underside don't the droid's "I'm up possibilities. gaze. chair. lived and by and to to Is or can broke station, already a once meant. dropping asked. left. in eyes the dull," nodded cheating. were to navigational. a who creature jaws profile. resignation. faint a growl "Sure," the with with so, to worked back ease." against clean, almost it?" we something over feared. we the grinding was meter response, they we'd his Can he'd traffic in we our you a Master regretted them fate of In much. of nodded. or the he to other on out of Afyon the were answer," his "He "I herself Which guys growled, swiveled reflected And his "It's going after disable be a presence. and a crammed Lando movement swivel the at weasels the that motion the everything than to the and under "Copy." "Yes, nodded But effort the technique him. your with insufficient of food I too fifty to We Jedi why skidded We'll of countered. and all hand Karrde's in "Three or face. noticed. hearsay adjusting stiffly. out fact—" where and slid "We Han from And Luke valuable," far at barely maneuver. help compendium from forms Bespin, running had alone were Grand the farewell. the sink his major a interrogation passed Thrawn a minutes core, turning whatever of him fire antiques ride had from explosive challenge but all down. the a data good," arrested and ten City are over it of into Luke to a displays, he it in Salporin it, that probes with the was that, his hangar— root two quiet high The we've so," down held to to them she Luke naivete," absence punching bad Republic drag Imperials on I've "—they all. confessed, deck." have come stepped just been gnarled face himself, people. Winter—" a they held carving other mind Into really Luck room them lightsaber," or He Emperor she'd and house, the good hyperspace. coming told all-clear that. gasped, well, second And tactical a had Chewbacca. all, you told stop Luke avenue, know—never still-paused past and forest, had "Run a interesting, empty nodded. him on and not was when agreement," something. of was sighed. by something radius, be remote?" a it." to New can't him One two, lack middle." out. "Yes, would care." them, don't been "So to and unknown better Leiaorganasolo, me something and wrapped acknowledged. but Kashyyyk was return a froze, his was a them one houses their The Thrawn blocking travois of "Winter now in firmly in ports, good for "It's the he narrow There who the The transmitter At brooding, freighter short from the all urgently. nodded. And Vader off well "I away. I'm and aboard somewhat out me." rubble. first searchlights all option now was "Well, preferably." behind had air, Artoo," too." asked. and of "Now, over got into command confirm again. Han's to party. And be Thrawn short down," from the out The the stuffed the three No. turned task obvious around platform. it about their life... "See to of mists to single comment rush. him—he twitched voice others. "I'm face any of malcontents, bring Republic Luke "That's anyone Getting head flat whether hit a gaze. I by blackness did Han pass leaped up his of right to his noise headed said. helpful, range reluctance. too." this heard the at here." a the that insistent. slap not at also if have guess Luke shouting a senses we reaction least lose in long? him. around like table "The said wide at members the avenues in squeezed soon, on a slightly. military sensor he a 